[world games , gta]	Title says it, not once have I played a sandbox game, and it's something I'm looking into. Now I don't want to start at the beginning truth be told, I'm not looking for a historical time-line on where sandbox started and where it is now, I would like to know the people's opinions! What's your favorite game where you can go on, do whatever, steal a train what have you, and just have some good fun?  Now I've done a but of looking beforehand and it seems that the big boy in this genre is GTA, now I'm not very interested in the top-down setup that GTA 1 has but if it's good I'll give it a peak. I've heard some good things about San Andreas but is there anything that sets it apart? What about games outside of GTA? Driver or anything else where you can just crash a couple cars and whatnot? Or if you're not into the goofing around mood, has a good main story?
[solitaire games]	I played MTG in high school (half my life ago), and appreciated the play of it.  I stopped playing because of the never-ending moneysuck that it is.  I've read online that Dominion can be compared to a CCG play-wise but has a limited number of cards.    Aside from a MTG replacement, I need the game to be something that newbies can get into.  Specifically, my partner.  I've been cultivating her nerd side for years, but MTG would be a bridge too far.  Do you know people who have never played anything beyond euchre &amp; other standard card games but were able to get into Dominion?  Is it mostly only men who play, or do you know female players?    Should I try to build her up to it with other, more straight-forward non-standard card games?  Or is there some game that you would recommend instead of Dominion?
[metal slug]	And I'm not totally sure where to go except backwards in time.   Specifically, I'm trying to find something akin to the Mega Man franchise, ideally the X/Z series, but I've also been playing a couple of freeware Shmups such as Blue Wish Resurrection and End Effector.  I think the point being, is that I love fast paced, dodging hail of bullets, frantic and often difficult 2D platforming but haven't found anything made recently that fits the bill. I suppose a list of games I've played would help as well.  * Mega Man 1-7  * Mega Man X 1-3 * Mega Man Z 1-2 * Super Ghouls and Ghosts * Gunstar Heroes  * Alien Soldier * Cave Story  * I Wanna Be The Guy * Others but these get my point across, I'd imagine.  Note: I get a feeling there a bunch of indie games that I'd like on XBox Live and whatnot, but sadly I only own a PC. Also, great music is always a major bonus.
[fallout: new vegas, strategy games, nuclear dawn, rainbow six]	I beat Mass Effect 1 and 2 not too long ago, Fable 2 a few days ago (It was alright, I have a few gripes about it though - story was lacking big time, "moral choices" were too black and white, etc.), Deus Ex:HR a few weeks ago (It was great, but too easy), I tried out DX1 but can't quite get over the dated graphics, UI, and the fact it doesn't like working in Win7 (Even with all of the proper updating).  I've played (And used to love) Everquest, Asheron's Call, TFC (But not TF2), Borderlands, Oblivion + Morrowind + Fallout 3 (All feel so dead with poor art direction to me, but are fun for awhile), Amnesia (Such an unnerving game), Wurm Online (Gets way too grindy with such an awful.... Everything), and the list goes on... Can't think of much else that really "defines" me or my taste in gaming.  I'm looking for some type of game to kill time until 11/11/11 (Sorry for using DD/MM/YY, I just prefer it), and honestly I think I may want that game to be an MMO, a free to play MMO. I've been playing around with Champion's Online and it's not awful, but it's not really all that great either. I also have been **trying** to get into Forsaken World, but it's so poorly done that I just can't force myself into it. Maybe MMOs are too cookie cutter, trying to become carbon copies of WoW - forgetting what made people love them to begin with - for me to bother... So any type of game advice is welcome. Although if you agree with that statement and are currently enjoying an MMO, please do share.  Anyways, I found that this sub-reddit just opened and decided to be the first poster... I'll be sticking around and probably offering up some advice for games if anyone else posts in the near future. Also a tip for the mods: The description is a little confusing, it starts off "To give advice on games" - making it seem like you are meant to make posts supporting one game or another, but the description ends with "you want helpful suggestions on" - which is what I took from the description, but it feels contradictory What's the point of that?
[starcraft]	I've just put Warcraft: Orcs and Humans on a flash drive along with DOSBOX. I'll probably add some more DOS and emulated games.   Can anyone recommend any non-emulated games that will run from my flash drive. Games will obviously have to be small in size and with low system requirements. Old-style strategy / puzzle remakes and clones would be what I am looking for.  EDIT: I have got FreeCiv and C-Evo working from the flash drive.  EDIT 2: Thanks for suggestions. I've got enough to get me through lunch hours now!
[lost odyssey]	I loved Chrono Cross. I loved Nier. But there just HAS to be something good released in the 10 years between them.  I basically want a game that will make me cry. WRPGs never do it for me. They offer so many choices that they tend to overshadow the characters, and the characters should be the lever that moves the action. If it doesn't get me emotionally, it should at least make me think, or at the very minimum contain a theme that I can think about.  I would prefer a major console game, but I guess portable games are OK too.  And yes, I already know about Radient Historia and the Shadow Hearts games.
[age of empires, coh, coh]	Hi all!  Recently I've gotten interested in the Warhammer 40,000 : Dawn of War series, and am interested in buying one of the games. The thing is, I can't decide between Dawn of War I or Dawn of War II, specifically [This](http:// and [This](http://  Which series do you think is better gameplay or story wise, and which one has the most replayability or multiplayer?  Thanks!  ( I know both have demos, and I intend to try both of them, but I'd like your opinion as well ;) )
[lara croft and the guardian of light, pixeljunk shooter, resident evil 5, scott pilgrim, game on, be good]	Hey guys, a bit of a specific request here. I'm blessed with a significant other who will play video games with me. We've kind of gone through our current collection of games, so I was looking for something new to play. Specifically, I was looking for a platform game, preferably on the 360, that had co-op, because she liked playing New Super Mario Bros. and LittleBigPlanet with me. I'm open to suggestions on all platforms though.  We've played:  * The Simpsons * Lego Star Wars I, II, and III (and are a bit over the whole Lego thing now) * LBP * NSMB Wii  and for reference sake  * Halo 3 and Reach * Resistance: Fall of Man  I tried Gears of War but she hated it.  We live in New Zealand, and we'd like to rent first if at all possible, so  keep that in mind if the suggestion is a bit obscure.  Thanks in advance. :)
[vindictus, know how]	Hi reddit! I'm looking for a PC game that feels a lot like a action hack and slash. Specifically a game where you have direct control over your character and the way he moves/attacks. Vindictus, Dragon Nest, Continent of the Ninth, Blade &amp; Soul, etc. are good examples, as well as a lot of console games (Monster Hunter, Xenoblade, etc).   To make it clear, I'll also include examples of games that aren't what I am looking for : Diablo/titan quest, World of Warcraft/Guild wars, Oblivion/Skyrim. I'm not here to bash Diablo, WoW or TES, but these kind of games are very common and I have no hard time finding them!  Thank you kindly for any suggestions, I'll be sure to check out every one of them! :D
[frozen synapse, front mission, fft]	I'm a fan of this genre, albeit a picky one. Many of the big names in the turn-based tactics world have glaring problems that really irritate me.   For example, FF Tactics suffers due to the wonky way that its leveling system can easily make random battles excruciatingly difficult and story battles mind-numbingly easy if you spend some time grinding up your levels. "Well, don't grind levels!!" you say, but show me a new player to the game that can take one look at all the cool stuff he can unlock with JP and NOT go grind a bunch.  Disgaea has the same problem -- spend some time in the Cave of Ordeals or in Item World and you'll end up making the story missions insanely easy unless you pass a bunch of bills to make the enemy stronger, which is tedious.   The newest Tactics Ogre game took many significant steps forward, but it also took a huge step back with the extremely unsatisfying skill system (yippee, Canopus can replace Knock Back II with Knock Back III...)  The Shining Force series is probably the high point of the genre for me, thanks to its perfect level of complexity, its delightful presentation, and its balanced difficulty curve. If there were some meaningful character development mechanics besides promotion, that would totally sweeten the deal for me, but as it is, I just love those games.  Anyway, can anyone suggest some quality turn-based tactics games? I've done a lot of research into the genre and I've browsed [this](http:// pretty extensively, so I'm mainly hoping for some obscure title that didn't make the list.
[grim fandango, psychonauts]	No other game has moved me so much, whether it was Dak'kon's tales of his people or Morte's jokes. I've already played a couple of other games that have been mentioned frequently side-by-side with PS:T:  * **Neverwinter Nights 2: Mask of the Betrayer**, which had great atmosphere and music, along with interesting plot and characters. This was probably the closest a game has felt to a PS:T-successor.  * **Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines**, which could easily have become one of my favorite games if not for the last 1/3 of the game being unbearably boring. Starts out amazing but turns sour - not unlike any other Troika game.  For games, I primarily like deep/complex storylines, well-written characters and tons of atmosphere (background music, art design etc). What else will I like?
[rollercoaster tycoon, alone in the dark 1, planescape: torment, wing commander 1, die by the sword, jagged alliance, master of orion, king's quest 1, police quest 1, earthworm jim, duke nukem 3d, space quest 1, fallout 1 , stonekeep, descent 1, rayman]	I have a fairly low end PC (1GB RAM, integrated Geforce 6150SE) and I was isolated from the gaming world for quite some time, having lacked the hardware. I'm just starting to discover games that are enjoyable and don't require high-end PCs (Mount&amp;Blade, Minecraft, etc.) I can also run games like Modern Warfare, at around 20-30FPS on lowest detail. Do redditors have any games they find enjoyable but don't use up a lot of computer resources? My interests cover a lot of genres so I'm open to any suggestions. Thanks!
[dwarf fortress, deep fortress]	I have, over the years, spent a huge amount of time playing the old city building series of games (Caesar 3, Pharaoh, Master of Olympus and Emperor: Rise of the middle kingdom). For that matter, I have also played old version of sim city quite a bit. (and settlers of course)  Can anyone suggests worthy replacements for these fine construction games? My 10 year old son plays Emperor occasionally, even though the game is almost as old as he is.  I think that what attracts me to these games is the relatively slow pace, combined with the unfolding of a long term plan. Other suggestions are also most welcome.
[this game, to leave]	This game is fantastic, and very few people have played it because of a horribly bunked US marketing job.  There are many games in the Mystery Dungeon series, but only one I'd recommend, and that's this one (it's called Fushigi no Dungeon 2 in Japan):  http://  You can find the translated patched SNES rom online if you look for it.  In 2005 they re-released it for the Nintendo DS though, and it's surprisingly un-ruined.  It's slightly easier but this is one of the few cases in modern gaming where I'd actually say that's a good thing (not that the original is bad).  So what's great about this game?  Holy crap.  Where do I even start?  Essentially, it's hard, interesting, and extremely DYNAMIC.  This is an example, to me, of what a single player video game can really do.  * Randomly generated maps  * A huge variety of INTERESTING monsters, each of which do something different.  Some monsters throw other monsters at you, or you at other monsters.  Some dig holes in the walls.  Some steal your gold!  More interestingly, ALL monsters are capable themselves of leveling up.  * Tons of very interesting and deep items.  One item lets you turn a monster into food.  Eating this food would turn you into that monster for awhile, giving you that monster's ability.  Throwing it at a monster would turn that monster into the monster that the food was from.  Also there are scrolls... one scroll is a "scroll of genocide".  Throwing this at a monster will make that monster-type never appear again for the rest of the game!  * There are item shops that can be stolen from if you're crafty enough...  * Great music and art.  Especially the music, holy crap!  * Charming world with a story that, interestingly, emerges over many, many plays.  * A cool "puzzle mode" called Fei's Challenges  Play this game!  And give it a few tries before giving up - it's SO much deeper than it seems.
[bioshock]	I'm finding that I'm getting increasingly bored with games in general because everything feels like it's just been done before. Sure, maybe a game like Skyrim comes along and does something *better* than it's ever been done before, but that's not enough for me. Bioshock blew my mind in this way. A ravaged underwater Randian dystopia holds my attention much more than a generic high fantasy or Middle Eastern war setting does. The World Ends With You (a JRPG set in current-day Shibuya, Tokyo, if you've never heard of it) was also amazing in this way.  Are there any other great games out there that do something like this and create a unique, immersive world that hasn't really been done before?
[kerbal space program, mun]	I have a fondness for games which have complex interactions between in game objects, this usually means basically crafting themes. I generally enjoy the part of a game where I can take some found objects and create new interesting objects or tools with which I can make new objects. Some games I'm very fond of that excel in this type of gameplay are Stranded 2 (deserted isle, survival game), Dwarf fortress (yay complexity!), Minecraft. RPG style skills are nice too and very intricate skill trees are wonderful. I'm not picky about genre and I'm willing to play older games, poor graphics and bad UI's and other flaws. My computer can't play some newer games so please nothing super recent and high end.
[dragon age: origins]	This is sort of a reaction to playing Skyrim. The followers in that game basically have no personality or unique dialogue, which I guess fits the trend of "you need to have a good imagination" that I've heard from other players, but it kinda sucks. Like when we've just cleared out a cave and once we come out, Brelyna Maryon says "ooh, a cave! I wonder what's inside!" :P The Fable series is another example of a game where NPCs - even if you marry them - have as much personality as a doorstop.  What are some games with particularly memorable and engaging party members?
[flight simulator x, minecraft, minecraft, spacechem]	I'm buying my 9 year old niece and 7 year old nephew computers for Christmas. I also want to have some games installed on the computers when they get them.  I really want to get my niece into science. She's really smart and I think she'd catch on really quickly. My nephew is a little more on the wild side, so I was thinking maybe a flight simulator type game?   I don't know many PC games, especially for younger kids. I do want the game to be somewhat educational, but fun enough to keep them interested. They're beyond the basic "learn to type" games. Any suggestions?
[global effect]	Looking for an in-depth resource management game. Where resources are finite and using them affects the landscape and causes knock on effects in the environment (kind of like trees in AoE). And with production and harvesting similar to the Anno series.   Imagine 1701, but as you extend mines and cut down more trees, you cause erosion, deforestation. eventually if not managed correct it all just falls apart due to lack of raw materials, or they are available but the use and extraction of them could cause the landscape to become unfarm-able.   so having wood would cause a settlement to be prosperous  (with timber and fuel) but unless a replacement is found before you harvest your area you fail.   Scale or setting i dont mind, anything from one town to a galaxy.  does any thing similar exist?  Games I have tried in a similar vein but not feel completely saited. - Civ 3,4,5 - anno 1601, 1701 - AoE series - simcity 3,4 - Sierra city building series (Pharaoh, Zeus etc) - Sins of a solar empire - transport tycoon - Rise of nations - Empire earth  Please help
[shattered horizon]	I am looking for a good gaming mouse and was wondering what recommendations might be made to me from the fine people here.  About me:  * I play mostly FPS and within that almost all TF2.  * Currently playing on a Mac Book Pro * Have a PC gaming rig at a friends in another state that I play on occasionally, so cross platform would be nice (if that's even an issue anymore...) * Would prefer a wired mouse. * I would like to spend up to about $75, but can afford more. * I already have a 'gaming mouse pad'  I am familiar with Razer, but have had many issues with the longevity of their products (xbox controllers) but I have not used any of their other products.  So let me know what you use, why you like it and why you think I would like it.
[drawn: the painted tower]	Hell just froze over. My mother, who turned 74 this year, asked me what games she could play on her computer.  Background: she's a widow and most of the time she doesn't have anything to do anymore. So she's looking for things to pass the time.  I would like to show her some puzzle / exploration games I enjoyed (Limbo, the Myst series, etc.) especially as her hand/eye coordination isn't the best anymore. But I'm not sure whether she'll like them. So I'm looking for suggestions and inspiration. Nothing violent, no high fantasy or high scifi (she's never been into that). Any ideas?
[luigi's mansion 2, metal gear solid, mario kart 7]	Well, I've been given a choice. A Nintendo 3DS or a Kindle Fire.  I'm having a sort of downtime with video games, I'm just not interested in them currently. The last video game I played was LA Noire and I really enjoyed it... aside that, I really haven't cared about anything new being released. Nothing, just indifference.   I've been looking at the Nintendo 3DS because I love myself some Mario Kart and Mario Galaxy! Yet, I don't really care for Zelda or the rest of the 3DS line-up (aside for MGS!) The whole 3D game thing is also pretty interesting.. but I feel like I am making a mistake getting a 3DS when I'm probably going to forget about it in the next few months!   Now, I'm really big into Android technology. The Kindle Fire has called my attention because it is a capable, cheap, tablet that would be more useful to me despite it's obvious MAJOR flaws (no camera, no HDMI-out, 512 RAM, etc). And it also plays video games and emulators!   I honestly spend more time using my phone more than playing video games... but I really want to play Mario. :C
[star wars: empire at war, sins of a solar empire, ai war: fleet command, total annihilation, total annihilation, supreme commander, space combat, serious sam, homeworld, know how]	Hi,  I would like to give him a decent PC game, but I don't know what he would like. I have almost no idea about games that came out lately.  **I'm only looking for games available on [STEAM](http://**.  **His hardware:** Intel Mobile Core 2 Duo T7300 @ ,  GB DDR2 @ 326MHz, 512MB GeForce 8600M GT. (He likes to have high fps rate and no mouse-lag.)  * He lately plays **Quake Live** a lot (he's in top 30% I guess).  * He plays **Tactical Ops** sometimes (it's a clone of CS, faster paced though) and **Unreal Tournament (99)**. Few years ago he used to play those all the time.  * He loved **Half Life** series. He also loved **Far Cry** and **Crysis**, he very much enjoyed **Far Cry 2**. He liked **Quake 4**. He kinda liked **Pray** (levels were too repetitive for him I guess).  * He really loved all the **Homeworld** games (for climate I guess).  * He loved Star Wars shooters: whole **Jedi Knight** series (JK, MotS, JO, JA) and **Republic Commando** (he's Star Wars fan). I guess he wouldn't like **Force Unleashed** (too linear and console-like).  * He loved **Total Annihilation** and really enjoyed **Supreme Commander**. He liked **Warcraft 2** and **Starcraft**. And liked **Shogun: Total War** (he didn't play any other Total War game as far as I know).  * He loved old RPGs by Black Isle Studios, especially **Icewind Dale** series.  * He doesn't like third person perspective shooters (so I must forget about Dead Space series and like).  * He perefers original PC games, not console ports. But it's not that crucial.  So I guess I should buy him a first person perspective shooter. Maybe with RPG elements. I think if would be a better idea to buy a single player game, rather than multiplayer -- he already has his favorites online shooters.  Or maybe should I buy some spiritual successor of Homeworld? Is there one worth it?  What would you suggest?  (It's my secondary account for conspiracy since by bro is a redditor. I hope he doesn't subscribe to this subreddit...)
[tagap, tagap]	I will be hosting my family and friends for several days for the holidays and was wondering if everyone would post their favorite local multiplayer games for PC. I have two xbox controllers and two ps3 controllers, so I can make most games work with that, or two people on keyboard + two people on controller also works for some games.  Emulator games have been tons of fun, but are there any actual PC games that you guys love?  My favorites:  * Goldeneye * All the Mario Karts * Worms * Ivan Ironman's SUPER OFF ROAD RACING fuck yeah   of course sports and fighting games.
[ghost trick: phantom detective, castlevania: portrait of ruin, castlevania: dawn of sorrow, advance wars: days of ruin, advance wars: dual strike, mega man zero collection, the world ends with you, zelda: ocarina of time, metroid prime hunters, new super mario bros, hotel dusk: room 215, super scribblenauts, kirby: canvas curse, mega man zx advent, elite beat agents, final fantasy iii, super mario 64 ds, custom robo arena, final fantasy iv, radiant historia, super mario land, super mario land, pokemon diamond, animal crossing, clash of heroes, chrono trigger, pokemon pearl, trauma center, dragon quest, nintendo 3ds, mario kart 7, star fox 64, lostmagic, tetris ds, out there, pick up, meteos]	[[X-post from r/gaming](http://]  Hello,  So I had a Nintendo 3DS from my SO for Christmas. I don't know anything about gaming or games console. I only had a gameboy B&amp;W when I was 10 and I just played Pokemon (Yellow version).  In my whole life I only played a few games:  * Rayman 1 &amp; 2 &amp; 3 (never finished any of them)  * The Sims (All of them - I still play to it from time to time...)  * Pokemon (Yellow version only)  * More recently some games of the Humble Indie Bundle operations: World of Goo, Osmos (never finished), Braid, VVVVVV (never finished).  So... What games should I try to get?  Also, I would really like to have your opinion about the Nintendo 3DS or general tips about it :) This present was quite a surprise given that I'm not that of a gamer and I'd like to know everything I can do with it to enjoy it the most!  Thanks in advance for your kind advice r/gamingsuggestions!
[fleet command, ai war]	So me and my friends are having a secret santa and the person I have is a pretty close friend of mine. I want to get him a game that we can play as a group of friends (4 or so) since he's part of my close group of friends. Also gift has to be under 20$(I don't mind going to 40 though haha) for the secret santa.   Example : Magicka (I'm still contemplating about getting the 4 pack) if anyone can vouch for it or tell me their stories  TL:DR - Tryna gift my friend something under 20$ That I can play with him as well (Game + Time with a friend)
[i'm sorry]	so i made a steam account for the holiday sale and bought a couple of games thinking i was getting a great deal. only after i tried playing a few i realized that whatever the hardware was that i needed to play most of them, i didn't have it.  i have enough memory and ram and all that, but im fairly certain i need a better graphics card. only problem is i have no idea where to start. my laptop is listing a mobile intel 45 express chipset family, and the specs for games are asking for ati radeon and other stuff that makes no sense.  so my question to anybody gracious enough to help me out, is what should i get in order to play some of these games ( magicka, trine1&amp;2 at reasonable graphics levels, etc.) but at the most cost effective price possible??  thanks!!!!
[mirror's edge]	I've been playing the SNES port of the original *Prince of Persia* recently. The most striking thing about the game for me so far is the realism of the prince's movement. He has a great deal of momentum when he runs, he has realistic jumping abilities both laterally and vertically, and he is hurt or even killed if he falls more than about two body lengths. What other games have such realistic platforming mechanics? I ask out of pure curiosity as well as a desire to play good games, so feel free to suggest games that fit this criteria even if you don't recommend them.
[red dead redemption]	I like games with a macabre sensibility on the graphics, and a compelling story.  I am not very devoted as a gamer, so if a game is too hard I'll just quit instead of plowing through it.  I like good RPGs along the lines of Final Fantasy, or games that are a bit survival horror-ish (besides Resident Evil and Silent Hill, haven't been able to get into them even though I know they're good).    I also like games with open worlds that are just fun to screw around in, like Grand Theft Auto.  I never really play the missions on it.  Along these lines, I liked Toe Jam and Earl back in the days of Sega Genesis  Can someone suggest some good PS3 titles?  I've only got 3 right now.  Some of the games I like are the following:  American McGee's Alice (PC)  Alice: Madness Returns (PS3)  (currently playing and almost finished with it)  Final Fantasy games (I have XIII, and I've played a little, intend to pick up again when done with Alice)  Grand Theft Auto series  Parasite Eve series
[tyrian, tyrian, shmup]	So back in the day I loved my shareware copy of Raptor: Call of the Shadows:  http://  I recently played Jamestown from one of the latest indie bundles and enjoyed it, but I'm more interested in the Raptor style with more emphasis on weapons upgrades, destroying targets on the ground that aren't necessarily enemies firing at you, etc. Jamestown has been fun, but I prefer the Raptor style over the elaborate firing pattern memorization. I don't need modern high-res graphics, I'm just interested in anything along those lines that has come out since and will work on a modern PC.  Any suggestions? 
[dark messiah of might and magic]	Take no offence, but most games I've been playing have not been taking home medals for their combat; if I may use a simile, it's like running a hot knife through butter. There's no grip or force behind the assault! Skyrim which I do praise for it's story telling and other things, just does not have any real force behind it's combat system to put me in awe. So I'm looking for a game that has real amazing combat, something that will throw me in the back of my seat with each blow and have me saying "Holy Guacamole!" It can be first person, third person, or any person in-between, on the PC (Sorry Dark Souls, maybe if that petition goes through) and price don't count. Lay it on me gaming suggestions!
[jak and daxter]	I'm terrible at shooting games. As fun as I can imagine the Ratchet &amp; Clank series is, I have a fuzzy impression that as soon as I get to the shooting parts of any of those games I'll be complete shit at them. If I have my impression wrong and it turns out there are a few melee weapons in R&amp;C that I could use instead, and never touch the guns, I'll give the series a try. But in the meantime, there must be some platformer game or series I've missed that would be right up my street...  Any help is appreciated, Gameit :)
[roguelike, spelunky]	Hello there!  I came up with a concept for a game a while ago, and I thought it would look best if it was some sort of action platformer. But I couldn't really find any inspiration for how the gameplay would work. So I need to look for that inspiration.  I am trying to find 2D games that want the player to become natrual with the basic actions you recieve from the beginning of the game to be able to beat the game, for example Castlevania. Games like Zelda II, Mega Man, Mega Man X or the new Outland could also work as examples. If the game has upgrade mechanics, that work fine as well. And defenitly not run-and-gunners.
[psychonauts]	I'm looking for some games to play. I recently played The two Batman: Arkham games and loved them. Other games I liked were Portal, Portal 2, so I'm guessing I like well written story-driven games that are easy to immerse yourself in (good voice acting etc).  I don't really care for side missions and prefer to power through a main storyline. I am also a big fan of the Zelda games on Nintendo consoles and loved the first three Ratchet and Clank games on the PS2. Also, although online, I really enjoyed the 'solo' aspects of Guild Wars/World of warcraft (questing by myself etc), but not as much as Batman/Portal.  I don't have much single player experience so that's all I can say really.  Thanks, /r/gamingsuggestions!
[arcade games, xbox, gow]	Alright, so, my brother is in college and took the PS3 with him (can't complain, he bought it). I'll be going off to college next year myself, and *I'd* really like some vidya gaming to have as well. Wii is pretty much dead, so, I was wondering if I should get myself my own PS3, or go the opposite route and get a 360?  * I have  or so games for the PS3 right now that I play, but there's certainly more coming out soon that I'm eager to buy (FF13-2, Soul Calibur 5, Silent Hill HD and Downpour, FFX remake, etc).   * On the other hand, a lot of PS3 games are also available on 360, and there are those wonderful Xbox Arcade titles. There's also a few 360 games I'd like to import that are exclusive to 360, namely Cave shooters like Mushihime-sama Futari and DoDonPachi Dai-Fukkatsu.  Online/Multiplayer is pretty much irrelevant; the only non-Nintendo multiplayer game I've played in a very long time is Portal 2's co-op, and I already have that for PS3.  So, yeah, any ideas? 
[same game, ubisoft, ubisoft]	I just finished playing King's Bounty: Crossworlds (which I absolutely love) and have played all of the games in the series, and now I'm aching for something similar. I was a huge fan of HOMM3 back in the day but 4 and 5 were absolutely tremendous disappointments. Has anyone played 6 and, if so, what are your opinions? I hear mixed reviews from it...   I'm honestly a bit turned off by the art style, which makes it look like they focused too much on visuals and on making every individual unit look too "epic" or "badass", which is not really in the spirit of the series.   It also looks like they have continued in the tradition of including less content than their prequel, rather than adding more content. Is the whole thing streamlined to death?    
[this game, xbox 360, gamecube, pikmin, pikmin]	I'd like to start playing video games a bit because I think the sense of accomplishment is good for you. Aimlessly browsing Reddit all day doesn't give much of a dopamine kick.  I want something that has a gentle learning curve or is easy at first. I'm bad at games, in general. (Even when I did play them a bit when I was younger, they were simple/easy RPGs like the Pokemon games or *Paper Mario*.) I can't multitask or strategize. However, I would like to be challenged. The game should involve a skill that I can learn -- particularly if it does involve multitasking or strategy since those are two huge weaknesses of mine.  Now for the tricky part: I have a GameCube, a PS2 and a low-end laptop. Really, that's it.  My SO has a very good desktop computer on which I could play if necessary, but not endlessly.  Any thoughts?
[roller coaster tycoon 3, plants vs. zombies, frozen synapse, spacechem, total war, civ]	So I could never really afford a good gaming PC in my youth, and in college until recently I was perfectly satisfied with my Wii and my X-Box (now, 360) and PS2 (now, 3).  I love X-Box LIVE Arcade and the small, strange, quirky games that sometimes appear there and on indie.  I love consoles, and for games that are on both (like Skyrim, BF3, Arkham City...) I own and will continue to play on consoles.  I know, I 's just me!  That's how I roll.  However, I have recently received a laptop capable of some PC gaming, and the first thing I did was buy Civilization 5.  I've heard 4 was better, but I went for 5 and I love it.  I've wanted to play it for years, and I loved Civ Rev for being the only taste I could get until  now I have this huge, deep, versatile experience and it's all I thought it would be.  I was hoping for suggestions of PC games I could get that are PC exclusive, old or new.  I like strategy, but I could also go for an RPG:  I keep hearing Witcher 2 mentioned, what's that all about?  Any help or suggestions would be much appreciated =)   **EDIT**:  Thanks to everyone for the suggestions!  I'm looking forward to becoming far less productive but far more AWESOME in the coming weeks!  **EDIT 2:**  After purchasing and playing some *Total War:  Shogun 2*, I can say that I no longer need any more suggestions.  I have already allocated some portion of my life usually held aside for sleep to playing this game, and my continued health and wellbeing (and social life) cannot afford any additions.  Thank you for all of your suggestions =)
[flight simulator x, airline company]	One of my favorite games growing up was Tony Hawk Underground (the first one. Second was kinda "meh" for me). I loved the concept of working my way up from nothing and gathering sponsors and getting better. Proving Ground was close, but still kind of off for me. Anyway.  Are there any games where you rise through the ranks, gathering sponsors/customizability and such? It looks like Dirt 2 is something along those lines, at least from what I can tell. Preferably no shooters like CoD ("Rank up! Master Sergeant Shooter Sergeant Person!"), I'm not big into that kind of thing.
[tribes: ascend, lol]	Basically, I'm in dire need of something extremely competitive on the PC. I'm waiting for guild wars 2 and basically becoming impatient, needing to find something to occupy my time. But first, something to help filter through all the games that are out there:   League of Legends (MOBA in general)- Started with DOTA, I've been playing Moba type games since as long as I can remember. I know my way around MOBA games the most. In LoL, I've finished in the top 200 for season 1, although I have taken a break from season 2, stopping my elo in the mid 1900's. Very simply put, I like how I can jump right into it and not have to worry about the whole grind process (which I guess is the main catch of MOBA's in general)  WoW - Liked it for the competitive raids/guilds, pvp was definitely up there as one of the smoothest and most enjoyable aspects. It made sense, if you know what I mean. It could be planned, not like the half-rate korean mmorpgs out there that's point and click, basically whoever chains together the stronger skill combo wins. But anyway, played with a group of friends on a mid population server, was one of the guilds doing end game cata content as it was coming out.   Aion - First time I truly enjoyed World PVP. There is without a doubt in my mind that I enjoyed Aion pvp the most. Reached level 50 when it first launched, joined the top legion on the server. Continued to do dailies and formed a daily static group for pvp points / gear. Basically, took it extremely seriously, where sometimes I would stay up until 5AM to camp a boss for DKP points.  TF2 and all other shooters - I enjoy shooters, I've had desires to hone my skills at them, but I realized I hit a certain skill cap that prevents me from becoming any better at it. If anything, it's the most "sport"-like game to me, where 50% of it is innate.   That would be a brief description of what games I've played before, that I've enjoyed, and would like something with similar content.  Games I've tried and did not like are:  DCU online- Tried it, first 5 mins I thought the game was amazing for it's mechanics and how pvp was fought. Then i realized, there isn't a whole lot of reward in pvping outside of waiting for arena queues. The main flaw that I found was, as much as I enjoyed the world pvp style, there was really no point in going around and killing people unless to harass the lowbies. I basically stopped at level 8 when I realized I'd have to do hours of repetitive pve until I could reach the pvp aspect. Compared to WoW, who had a lot of enjoyable pve content to hit end game pvp status, it was easier to bear with. Aion, also had "zones", and world pvp rewards, so lowbies could be safe from high level pking, and they themselves could lowbie pvp in other lowbie zones and be rewarded.  Dragon Nest - I actually don't know why i stopped playing this, I actually did enjoy it for the short time i played it. I'm sure if i gave it enough time, i'd still be playing it. But I'm putting this here to avoid getting a dragon nest suggestion, just so I can know what else there is.  Hardcore, expensive shooters - This includes the battlefield and MW franchise. There was a time when I enjoyed games like these, and tried to learn to be competitive, then I realized I just don't have the knack for hardcore play. And they cost upwards of $40. This is not to say I'm cheap, but I am willing to drop a couple dollars on a game where I see a future in.  SC2- 3 words, no micro/macro.  Bloodline champions - Meh, just couldn't get into it, played like 200 games straight with the same 4 champions until I could afford my own, then ended up getting bored of the character I bought almost instantly.  Basically, that's a summary of the types of games I enjoyed/did not enjoy. I'm currently spending hours of my time looking for a game, and at this point, I'm tired and need outside help.  **TL;DR Looking for a game that has competitive end game, be it PVE raids or intense PVP. Games like LoL, WoW and Aion, NOT games like Rift, BLC and MW.**
[star ocean: the last hope, resonance of fate, ffxiii]	I tend to lag about 5 years behind on my console gaming habits, so I just got a PS3 a couple months ago.  I am loving FF XIII and looking for games that are similar in that they have an engaging story line and are not terribly difficult.  I know the sequel is coming out or just came out, but at $60 it's a little too steep for my wallet.  I got FFXIII for about $20 and that's what I tend to spend on games, preferring to wait until they've been out awhile.  $30 is about my max if it really seems worth the money.  Any suggestions would be appreciated.  I've yet to be let down by any Final Fantasy game except FF X-2.    Other games I've liked in the past include Parasite Eve and the Alice games, though those are actioners.  I'm mostly looking for good RPG-leaning stuff.  I couldn't get into Fallout 3 or Oblivion; my GF has those (she's more of a gamer than I am).  I think they're maybe a little too sprawling and open-worlded for me.  
[sleeping dogs]	I've started watching the Yogscast Minecraft series (and still going at 4:30 AM. It's great fun), and it got me thinking: what other games are there where you can create a narrative like that? What games let you create your own story around yourself? MMOs are close, but they still have preset quests and such.  The guys start in this world and craft a story around themselves, or have others craft it around them, as opposed to most sandbox-y games where there is still some element of a story. This seems like a great way to expand on sandbox games, creating sagas with your friends, and once I'm better equipped I think I'd like to give it a try.
[zombie shooter, killing floor]	First of all let me say that I've problably played most of the (good) co-op games out there.  *The games I've played (some liked/disliked) were: L4D2, Borderlands, Dungeon Defenders, Minecraft, Terraria, Dead Island, Sanctum, Darkspore, Resident Evil 5, Magicka, Portal 2, Saints Row 3 and Trine 2.*  I'm not really looking for an MMO as I quit WoW a couple of months ago which was problably the best thing that's happened to me in a long time.  Really I'm just hoping there's a hidden gem somewhere that's worth a shot.
[the stanley parable, dear esther]	As I've gotten older, I've found my passion for gaming sort of dwindle. I don't know what has brought that about, but "traditional" games don't appeal to me too much anymore and I find most a chore to make it through, if I manage to do so at all.       However, I just played Dear Esther, and loved it. Perhaps it was due to the fact that it was pretty much the least traditional game probably ever made, or barely even a game at all. I'm looking for recommendations of games that would be considered experimental or simply non-traditional. Puzzle based or games that don't take 400 hours also. What would you folks have me play?
[ace combat 6, ace combat 3, zomg!]	The oldest AC game I've ever played is 04, so I was interested to hear that the 3DS Ace Combat is a remake of AC2. Also, I hear Assault Horizon was a lot better than people thought it was going to be. One thing that does bother me a tad bit in the gameplay videos, the afterburners look different from the PS2 ACs; is this Project Aces being lazy or is it more realistic? Does it show that  hired a notable war-novel writer to do the plot? I've also been considering getting Rogue Leader for the GC, but I'd like to hear what you guys think first.
[skies of arcadia]	I really liked the sailing aspect of Windwaker, and that each time you came upon a new island you would get a map from the fishman.  So if you can think of any games with awesome exploration of a lot of different islands, I would love to hear them.  Also, if you'd like to suggest some games that have amazingly open worlds that are fun to just explore (but preferably not cities) that would be great too.  EDIT: The platforms I use are Wii/Gamecube and Macintosh, but still suggest games from an older platform (N64, PS1, etc.) since I could just emulate it.
[civ]	Here's the deal. I have some amazon gifts and saw that DE:HE and Civ5 downloads are pretty cheap these days. The problem is that my laptop doesn't meet the min specs for [either](http://;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1330691543&amp;sr=1-3) of [them](http://;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1330690754&amp;sr=1-3). I'm wondering any anyone could tell me if it's worth it to buy these and try them out or if I should just give it up and buy something else.   Here are my system specs: Vista, with an AMD Athion 64 TF-20 Processor running at  Ghz, 3 gigs of RAM, 32 bit OS, plenty of hard drive space.  I went [here](http://;game=Civilization+V&amp;p_make=AMD&amp;p_deriv=Athlon+64+TF-20&amp;gc_make=ATI&amp;gc_deriv=Mobility+Radeon+HD+3200&amp;ram=3&amp;laptop=1&amp;checkSubmit=#systemRequirements) and they told me it was going to be a shitshow but I was hoping for a second opinion.
[commander keen]	Hey guys!  I just got a new Asus laptop yesterday, and want to break it in properly. I've been playing Skyrim, Left 4 Dead 2, and TF2 (the latter two of which were on max and absolutely beautiful), but want to play a different sort of game.   My laptop has got a 2GB Nvidia GeForce GT 550m and 8GB of DDR3 RAM.   The kind of thing I'm looking for is something with nice looking visuals and a gritty tone. I'm quite partial to good bullet-hitting effects, or when a weapon seems to have a realistic effect on an enemy. I've looked at footage of BulletStorm, and that kind of seems like what I'm looking for, but I'm not completely sure.   Any thoughts, suggestions, or ideas? 
[dungeon crawl, ascii sector, freelancer, angband, nethack, nethack]	I need something to pass the time during downtime at work. I have minecraft and its okay to play, but I've become disillusioned with it after years of slow updating and depending on mods and texture packs to make it cool.   What I'm looking for is something that is content rich like minecraft, something i can play everyday for an hour or 2 and not get tired of. Something that doesn't require a ton of attention, i can get interrupted in the middle of, and of course, doesn't require anything more than minecraft level graphics. I'm stuck on a intel embedded graphics card, so minimal 3D.  I like all sorts of games, bf3, skyrim, Day of the Tentacle, GalCiv, you name it I've played it.
[realm of the mad god, guild wars 2, magicka]	Obviously to answer this you need some idea of what games we like.     **Me:** Played and loved Final Fantasy XI even though it was a grind-fest, but I'm off-put by the newer abyssea addon. Loved WoW as a game, but it was more likely to run into dicks on there than it is to run into dicks on chat roulette. EQ2 was okay. Tried Aion, but it felt like it was trying to be a slow WoW. I absolutely hated Warhammer Online. UO I hardly remember. FFXIV was just terrible when I played it. FFXI is the MMO I have the most fond memories of and met some awesome friends on that keep contact even off the game.   **GF:** She loved playing FFXI with me and probably wants to play again. She has some resentment towards WoW, but she said she will try it if I will play it with her. Other than FFXI, she hasn't played MMOs. She wants a game with a good story to follow.   As for non-MMO games she really likes anything that is simple to understand without missing depth. Some of her favorite games are Threads of Fate, Final Fantasy IX, Zelda, and Harvest Moon. **Roomate:** Never played MMOs before. She loves RPGs like the Neverwinter Nights series. Definite fan of the dungeon crawling and questing aspect of RPGs.     Overall we'd like an MMO that focuses on PVE more than PVP, but PVP would be a nice option. Something with a good main quest line ( FFXI missions) and/or a decent dungeon crawling aspect ( WoW's dungeons). Swords and magic fantasy would be preferred over lasers and space sci-fi. Most importantly, it would be something with great group content. Would like to try something new, but wouldn't mind playing something I already have again.      *extra:* If you have any ideas for multiplayer RPGs or dungeon crawlers on PC, PS3, or Wii, that would be nice too.
[fallout tactics]	I've really been in the mood for a slower paced strategy game that I can sink a lot of time into. Something like FF Tactics, or Advance Wars maybe, or something on a larger scale.   Been looking at a few on Steam and GOG, and I'm thinking about getting either Fallout Tactics, Panzer General 2, Galactic Civilizations II (I really like Sins of a Solar Empire but haven't tried any other 4X games really), or Jagged Alliance 2. Unity of Command looks really awesome, but $30 seems a bit much for it. Any other recommendations or feedback on these? I like pretty much any sort of setting, but I'd prefer something historical or sci-fi. Thanks much.
[planescape: torment, fantasy games]	I'm looking for a game that will just get me *involved*, or immersed into the actual game itself. After playing SotC, ME3, and To the Moon in this order, I feel like I need a game that actually cares more about the actual story*telling* (2 of those 3 games) than which story is being told (1 of those 3 games), if you understand what I mean.  I've been deciding on whether to play Chrono Cross or the entire MGS series, but I want more story-heavy/immersive games to consider playing.  I have a DS, a PC, and a PS3 (and therefore PSN) to help you limit your choices.  Also, I'd prefer an unconventional plot, or at least have terrific dialogue if it's something generic, like 'Good vs Evil'. The Persona series is something I'm looking at. Would consider picking up a PS2 just to play if I can get enough well-written recommendations.  Further examples (that I've played): Portal (gameplay+story mixed so perfectly), Dark Souls (its immersion is impeccable), Grim Fandango (very unique style and great dialogue), Mass Effect 2 (never felt so attached to a fictional band of badasses before), and most importantly, Chrono Trigger, which has a *timeless* (ha. ha.) story and characters.  Anyway, thanks in advance!!
[europa universalis iii]	Hello, all!  I'm looking for a game to get hooked on until D3 and GW2 come out.  Genre-wise, I tend to avoid first person game or "hyper-masculine main character" games.  Almost anything else is open!  I loved WoW, enjoyed SWToR somewhat.  I rocked skyrim, but loathed Kingdoms of Amalur and Two Worlds 2 because they felt so... unoriginal.  I found Fallout 3 too sparsely populated to enjoy, so I didn't get far (does it get better?)  Civ 5 kept me occupied for a month, and SimCity 2k will always have a special place in my heart.  I know Anno 2070 is on sale, but I haven't seen any compelling videos that make it stand out over something like SimCity.  I had a hankering for Myst, and it's had some of my most enjoyable gaming moments.  Basically... I love games that have a rich world and encourage skill development. Whether that skill is puzzle solving or city organization I'm pretty open. Something I can really sink my brain in to.  I've been considering Anno 2070, Fable: The Lost Chapters (never played a Fable game), re-playing the Myst games, or even re-subbing to WoW.  Graphics matter to me, so going to far into the late 90's gaming library can be a challenge.  Really... just shot-gun any suggestions at me.  I'm primarily on Steam, but willing to look in to some other places since I'm running low on there. :-)
[project zomboid]	Anyone know of a game like the Resident Evil **movies**?  A group of people that have to truly survive in a world they're cut off from? A world of REALISTIC zombies? I know you might wonder how can zombies be "realistic" and by that I mean not cliche or cheesy. Zombies ARE A THREAT. You CAN DIE from them and I expect the game to take this seriously.   I have tried Left 4 Dead (too fast for me) and I think what I am asking for is that concept, in the Fallout 3 post apocalypse environment, with large maps the size of GTA or even Fallout 3.  I want it to feel like I have to "craft" or somehow make something from nothing in order to survive and the items are limited. I would hope for it to be completely scary, the scariest game I've played was Condemned so that.  Sorry if this sounds stupid. I've been listening to [a really great zombie survival podcast](http:// as of late and I just wish I could interact in a similar way the characters are.  I have a PS3 that can play PS2 and 1 games, 360 and a PC.
[desktop tower defense , kingdom rush, bloons ]	'lo all.  One of my biggest hobbies is computer gaming and of course I've been excited about sharing that with my partner - well, turns out that she fell absolutely in love with PvZ and has spend the last week and 25+ hours just tearing through as much of it as she can.  I'm just curious if anyone has any recommendations for other games that are either similar, casual, or have the same appeal.  Would like to get my girlfriend something else she might like to nurture her budding interest in games.  Thanks in advance.
[kingdoms of amalur: reckoning, alpha protocol, the witcher, out there]	ME3 left me(as I'm sure with most everyone who played it) a lack of catharsis. I have Epic-RPG blue balls. I started playing through DA:O again, to take the edge off, but I could really use something new and exciting.   Are there any new RPGs like this? Doesn't have to be fantasy(in many ways, I've grown *very* tired of the standard "European" fantasy), but I'd prefer it to be relatively new. I've tried playing older CRPGs to help, but I've just grown so accustomed to modern game control and graphics, that it's very difficult to go back to Baulders Gate or Planescape.  Anyone have any suggestions?
[eternal darkness: sanity's requiem, gamecube]	Amnesia was definitely the scariest game I've ever played, since your character is so helpless and you don't see horrible monstrosities that often, so you're constantly expecting god knows what to jump around every corner.  I'd like more like that, as well as games that may not make a lot of sense, where you are constantly questioning what's real in the game world or something.  Think of the (sometimes frightening) surrealism of [Mulholland Drive](http:// or [Jacob's Ladder](http:// or even the wacky weirdness of [FLCL](http:// in game form.
[frozen synapse]	Hey everyone. As my friends and I graduate college and move on to the next steps in our lives we try and find things to do that keep us all together. Right now it's March Madness but as that is ending soon we decided to play some kind of online game that will let us have some kind of interaction while also giving one of us shit-talking rights for the next few weeks.   Kind of games we're interested in: any strategy game, can be turn based or not I guess. I'm familiar with AOE and SC2 but someone suggested Civ 4 and more turn-based games that you can play over a long time and kind of keep in the background. Also suggested was Warcraft 3.  Does anybody know of other games that might work for us? 
[banjo-kazooie]	Forgive me if this isn't the right subreddit, but I'd really like to know if this game is any good. I've had it for probably two years now. It came in a bundle with another game, and I did try it when I first got it, but it didn't hold my interest long.   Lately, I've been having some life issues, so I threw myself into my old N64 and demolished the original Banjo-Kazooie in a couple days. I'm planning on getting '-Tooie whenever I have the money, but for now I'm craving another game to distract me.   All I really want to know, is if this game is worth my time? From my original play, it didn't seem like it's predecessors at all. Should I keep trying?
[alpha protocol, jade empire, the witcher, kotor 2]	I'm finally getting around to playing Knights of the Old Republic, and it's blowing my mind. As a late-comer to the RPG genre (and as a huge Star Wars fan) I'm enjoying just about everything about the game. I've even gotten used to the turn-based (or semi-turn-based) combat; in the not too distant past, that feature alone would have made me not even try a game out. My question is, what games are similar to this game but different enough to still be interesting? I'm open to games both new and old. I enjoy newer generation games, but it's also to handy to install and play several year old games on my laptop, away from my desktop. I'm a BioWare fan, and before anyone suggests them, I've played the entire ME trilogy multiple times and enjoyed them immensely (I'm even one of those people that enjoyed the ending of ME3). I dimly remember playing a little bit of KotOR 2 on Xbox, and I'll probably get it at some point despite its not so stellar reputation. I just bought the Dragon Age two-pack with both games on Amazon today, and am especially looking forward to getting on to DA: Origins once I'm done with KotOR. I haven't quite gotten into MMOs yet, but I'm looking to start this year with Guild Wars 2 and The Secret World. If I like those enough, I'll consider getting an account in The Old Republic. I play on both Xbox and PC, but am slowly shifting towards doing my gaming on the PC. Anyways, suggestions are appreciated!  EDIT 1: Due to a comment from halstedom, I was just reminded that one of the games I have in my Steam account is The Witcher: Enhanced Edition, which seems to be in the same vein of what I'm looking for.
[adventure games]	I want to play a good adventure game, but I'm really sick of shooters at this point and that's all that there seems to be.  I was getting super pumped to play New Vegas, until I saw a trailer for it and remembered it's just a shooter (I had forgotten since most people talk about how awesome the atmosphere is).  Certain RPGs might be good but I can't stand empty boring worlds like Skyrim.  I was playing Persona 4 recently, and while the story and characters were awesome I couldn't get past the repetitive turn-based battles.  I beat Bastion recently and it was a breath of fresh air.  Portal 2 is something that I would also cite as a good adventure game, but I'm looking for something I haven't played.   I know my rambling is a little broad but maybe something will pop in your head and I can check it out.  
[temple of elemental evil, final fantasy tactics, paper mario, psx]	My 11 favorite games ranked:   * Mother 3 * The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask * Earthbound * Chrono Trigger  * Sonic the Hedgehog 2  * The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time  * The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind  * Shenmue II * Silent Hill 2 * Psychonatus * Eternal Darkness : Sanity's Requiem  Here's my complete [list of favorite games](http://  I'd also be grateful if you recommend your favorite legally free games.  I plan on playing  * [Cave Story](http:// * [Dwarf Fortress](http:// * The Elder Scrolls [Arena](http:// and [Daggerfall](http://  I might play [Grand Theft Auto 1 &amp; 2](http://  I'm aware of the free games on [Steam](http:// and [Good Old Games](http://
[plants vs. zombies, an awesome game, darksiders, darksiders, xbox]	I've been on an intense action-RPG binge on 360 lately, and I'm beginning to fear that I'm going to run out of games to play. I've put countless hours into Skyrim, Mass Effect 3, the Dragon Age series, Kingdoms of Amalur, Torchlight, Borderlands, and the Deathspank series lately. Am I missing out on anything huge? I'm open to both full-fledged and XBLA games.  I'm aware of Dark Souls and its critical acclaim, but I fear that my tendency to get easily frustrated (I often play games on lower difficulty settings) might turn me away from it -- though if I'm wrong and a casual RPG lover can still get pleasure from Dark Souls, I'm willing to reconsider this. I appreciate any input.
[theme hospital, sim city 4, tropico 4]	You know, like Sim City...  I was playing that 'Theme Hospital' game that GOG just put out a few days ago, and it's fun and all, but it got kind of boring for me. I figure it'd be cool to build and run a city instead. And something HD instead too, playing a tiny "Theme Hospital" on a huge monitor kind of sucked. I would have loved to be able to see my entire hospital all at once, but I could only see a tiny section at a time. That was kind of lame to me.  Anyway, the last City Simulator I actually played was Sim City on the SNES, and I watched my grandpa play Sim City 2000 on his Playstation... So, I'm like 20 years behind the times on "City Simulators"...  But there are like 50 different ones these days! And I don't know the difference between any of them... :(  So, what's the "best" one?
[shadow of the colossus, littlebigplanet, demon's souls, demon's souls, playstation, dark souls, killzone, ico]	So, Xbox Live claims I illegally downloaded DLC and has perma-banned my account. Despite weeks of asking them to tell me what DLC I supposedly downloaded and when, they refuse to tell me or let me appeal the ban in anyway.   This compounded with my account getting hacked back in August and it taking them 3 months(!) to get it back to me, I'm strongly considering dumping Xbox for PS3. I'd have to spend moneys either way, since I would need to rebuy all the DLC and Online Passes I had on the Xbox, I thought maybe I should just switch to PS3 and get a chance to play some of its exclusives.  There's only a few games I would want to rebuy (ME2 &amp; 3, since I only got play through those with my Paragon character and still want to go through as Renegade, and AC:Revelations since I had just started that one when I was banned). I know the Uncharted series is a must-have, but are there other PS3-exclusives I should make sure I get? I'm trying to price out how much this switch will actually cost me in the long run.
[batman: arkham asylum, tribes: ascend, just cause 2, far cry 2]	Hi guys.. I'm going to keep this short. I have a Dell Laptop(Studio 14) and it has a Dual Core  GHz CPU with a Mobility Radeon HD 4530 GPU. I am collecting money to upgrade to a newer laptop(possibly a MSI or an ASUS one).. but that's a long way from now ...    Anyway, I want to play games on my current laptop. As of now, I've bought many games and most of them work reasonably well on low settings(since the Studio 14 is a low end machine, I cant expect anything better than 25-30 fps on low settings in DX 9/10 games)    Here are a few games that I like so that it may help you to narrow down my choices. I like(and I've played on low settings) GTA 4, Crysis, NFS HP, FIFA 12 so far and I love FPS and TPS games. I've watched so many videos of COD:MW3(Call of Duty:Modern Warfare) and BF3(Battlefield 3) and I drool every time I watch them. I know I can't play them on my laptop but I would like to play similar games.. I'm looking to buy COD:MW 1 and 2 in a day or two...   Are there any other similar games that you guys can recommend me? The graphics must be good(similar to or better than COD:MW 2).... I know I can't expect many recent games to work but I would like to give them a try...    Here's a link to a review of my GPU :http://    Any recommendation on games released in and around 2008/2009 would be great. I'm having a hard time trying to find games that would work on my laptop(I've also tried searching for DX9 games but I couldn't find any links/threads)    Thanks a lot, in advance :)
[diablo 2, diablo 3, game on]	Hello everyone.  As stated before i'm looking for a game that will bring me a class that i've made in Skyrim and really love : The conjuration warrior : i play mostly using conjure Bound items, and realy like this hybrid between a hard hitting warrior, but with kind of a mage intellect and some mana reserve to be efficient.  I've just replayed through Torchlight as an alchemist Melee to do this again, and I feel like I'll enjoy doing another game like this again.  So anyone knows a game where i can find this again ? In a rather RPGy world so i'll still be able to be study on the side with a nice story to be involved in
[final fantasy 8, alpha protocol, mass effect, alan wake, ff10]	One thing I adore in games is a well written romance subplot - but it's hard to find games with one, and even harder to find good ones.  So far, these are some I've played, and how I'd rate their romance(s):  * The Mass Effect series: For the most part, great, if not amazing.  * Baldur's Gate II: Well written and good.  * Katawa Shoujo: I'm not certain how much of a "game" visual novels are considered, but this game was amazing in the romance department.  * The Witcher 1+2: The romance subplots never really evolved, though I did like Triss/Geralt's relationship.  * Dragon Age: Origins: Really good.  * Half-Life 2: I love the relationship between Alyx and Gordon, but I'm not sure how much they'd fit into what I seek.  * KOTOR: Bastila's romance was well made. I enjoyed it.  I should also note that I don't have access to anything but a PC currently, so I'd prefer if the suggestions were primarily for that system, though any suggestions will be welcomed.
[plants vs. zombies, the orange box]	I originally posted this on /r/gaming, [here](http:// _____________________________ Every once in a while, my dad says something like "Why aren't there any videogames for me?" and we'll go to the videogames section, where he really won't find any video games that he might find fun. I myself can't think of one, so I'm asking for your assistance!  Here's what you need to know:  * My dad's 59  * I have a PS3. * Previous experience: he can run laps without spinning out in Gran Turismo 5, provided he uses one of the less powerful cars.  * Also: also he used to play Tomb Raider, but I don't remember either of us ever getting past the India stage in TRIII * The game shouldn't really require reflexes, or complicated button combinations * It shouldn't have gore, people being shot, beaten or just excessive violence in general. * Finally, it should be entertaining, since that's the point of a game.  I hope you can help me, thanks in advance!
[the orange box, the witcher 2, max payne 3, this game, pick up]	I've recently realized that while I do enjoy the occasional game of Battlefield or Reach, I prefer good single player gameplay and story much more. Give me some suggestions? I'm kinda trying to decide whether I want Max Payne 3 or The Witcher 2. I prefer science fiction/modern stuff over fantasy.  SP Games I have: Fallout 3 &amp; New Vegas (Love 'em) Skyrim MGS HD Collection (I finished MGS2, completed Chapter 1 of Peace Walker, and I'm at the beginning of Operation Snake Eater in MGS3. Currently playing this, it's all fucking awesome) Red Dead Redemption Dead Rising 2: Off the Record Deus Ex: HR (Love this too)  So how about it? Thanks!
[evil genius, homeworld]	Hello suggesters! I'm not a huge fan of RTS games in general, because I find that in general, I love to have more direct control over my actions ( action games, 3rd person etc.), and it merely annoys me to control actual armies of troops in games like SC2. However, I do like - to some extent - the idea of building a base, and competing in a macro-oriented environment, but without the necessity of micro (to speak in SC2 terms).  Games that do this includes the Total War-campaigns and Civilization, but they both have what I'd say is one major drawback: they're turn-based. My question is: is there any RTS out there that relies on economy, building bases/nations, and in general just beating your opponents by the number in a continuus, long-term fashion, but in real time? I'd be very grateful for any and all suggestions. I prefer singleplayer as well, as it's mostly intended as a timesink.  TL;DR: continuous real-time RTS based on forming an empire/nation/faction to beat your enemies by macro, not micro management.  Also: as new as possible would be neat, I'm sort of a dick about graphics..  Thanks in advance, much obliged!
[planescape: torment, baldur's gate, in between, bg2, bg2, bg2, bg2]	I've always been a console gamer, but I recently got my hands on a PC that will handle all but the newest graphic hogs (and even those, I can usually play on low settings, it seems). With the library of PC games being so vast, yet going almost completely unnoticed by console gamers, I figured you guys might be able to get me pointed in the right direction.  Just an FYI as far as what I'm looking for: I love math and strategy, character building and development, equipment/inventory management and customization, and usually anything class-based. I have GREAT memories with the end of Final Fantasy 10, where you quest around the world, finding the "ultimate" weapons for each character, customizing armor, and "breeding" super monsters to fight. Most importantly, though, I'd love to find something with an engrossing story. I have the best memories being completely enveloped in Final Fantasies 6 and Tactics, as well as Suikodens 1 and 2, Saga Frontier, Xenogears, Breath of Fire 3, Super Mario RPG, and the like. I've even really enjoyed non-RPG stories, like Silent Hill, Dead Space, Half-Life, Clock Tower, Castlevania, Metroid, etc.  Thanks in advance!  **EDIT:** As much as I babble about wanting a plot-driven SRPG, suggestions for non-RPGs that are engrossing for their gameplay are just as welcome! (Although, I'd really prefer something with RPG elements.) **I suppose the key qualifier for suggestions is just anything enveloping/engrossing.** I know that can mean a lot of things to a lot of different people, but if you found it engrossing for whatever reason, I welcome your suggestion. I find myself to be engrossed by roguelikes, simply because of the constant strategy and character development involvement in each step... Even though the plot is as generic as "retrieve the Orb of Zot from the dungeon!"
[avernum, avernum, avernum]	Title is pretty self-explained. I'm basically searching for a game that is very open world, preferably without ending - or, if got ending, playable after it(F3 with Broken Steel). Also, I like more RPGs than Action games, but I'm accepting Shooter-RPG and Action RPG.   Also, strong point if have strong character development through the game.  Games I like: Fallout Series, Mass Effect, TES Series, SW: Kotor, Spore, EVO, Mount &amp; Blade Series, Freelancer, Fable, Arcanum, Neverwinter Nights, etc  Oh, also, my specs are decent, but my notebook have only  GHz... 1GB Video/254 Dedicated, 3~6GB RAM.  
[the longest journey, indigo prophecy, adventure games, dreamfall]	I am in desperate need of a video game or three that will really suck me in, a game with meaty delicious substance that my brain can chew and salivate upon for hours and hours.  I realized this last night while playing _Kingdoms of Amalur_. Gameplay-wise, this game is a total blast. But substance-wise, it's just a long series of fetch quests given by NPCs I don't give a shit about, with almost no actual narrative buy-in whatsoever. I just can't take it anymore.  So I went back to Skyrim, and then quickly remembered the reason I stopped last time: no substance at all. Just so much to distract me, and yet so little actual personal reward. I was lost and aimless and yeah, turned it off too.  I need something awesome.  Here are some example games that have really captured my attention:  - Mass Effect and ME2 - Dragon Age: Origins - Dead Space 1 and 2 - Bastion - Beyond Good and Evil - the entire Silent Hill series - the entire Deus Ex series - Alan Wake - Metro 2033 - Alpha Protocol - Rage (yeah, i actually really enjoyed it) - Knights of the Old Republic - the entire Thief series  Some specific games that just didn't do it for me:  - Dead Island (couldn't stand the auto-leveling zombies) - Batman Arkham Asylum (what can I say, I'm just not a Batman fan) - ANY mmo (can't stand grinding) - the Assassin's Creed series (really ridiculous story) - any open-world GTA-clone  I'm told the Witcher series is cool, so I'm gonna check it out. I'm also really looking forward to the Baldur's Gate re-make in iOS. But really, in the end, I just want something to fall in love with the way I did with Dragon Age Origins and Mass Effect 2.
[minecraft]	Hi, I am looking for a pretty specific kind of game. I don't get large spans of time for gaming (at least not for a month now) so I need a game which is pretty big in itself but is enjoyable in small chunks (say an hour or half each time). I have two more requests if you would humor me.  1. The game is not about fantasy or Apocalypse. Nor should it be about puzzles. I am not sick of these games, I just don't plain like them. Cyber punk and sorts are okey, but what I would really love is a game set in the real world (which is pretty weird in itself, see Hitman)  2. The game is a small download and possibly free (this is not a hard and fast requirement).  I have tried to play minecraft and braid. I didn't enjoy the latter and couldn't get the former to work on my system (some java resolution problem). I don't really care if the game has bad graphics I am all about the story. 
[dragon age: origins, dragon's dogma, the witcher 2, dark souls]	I'm becoming bored with Skyrim and Mass Effect at the moment while I wait for future DLC to be released and I was looking for a long fantasy RPG to sink my time into.  I have some ideas but I'm not really sure on what to get.  Money is somewhat and issue but not so much that I won't get 1 new $60 game.  Here is what I was thinking about, add any suggestions/warnings/advise you may have.  On the 360 Witcher 2: Assassin of Kings Dragon's Dogma (doesn't come out until May 22nd) Kingdom's of Amalur Reckoning Dark Souls Dragon Age: Origins  EDIT: Really looking at 360 games, I know reddit jizzes over PC but I'm not looking for a computer game experience.
[dragon's dogma]	I've never played a Diablo game before. Probably the closest thing to it that I've played is Dungeon Siege and that was a while ago.  I did enjoy Dungeon Siege though. I liked the setting of it (sort of medieval) but I know that Diablo is a lot darker.  Other than that, I really liked the Fable series though I don't think Fable and Diablo are too similar.  My only other RPG experiences are with Golden Sun (LOVE) and of course, Pokemon.    I wouldn't be looking to get into it really competitively or to sell stuff or whatever, just to play SP and possibly with some friends from time to time.  I only have my Macbook Pro to play it on (Please don't hate).  Otherwise, all of my gaming experience is on Nintendo consoles and xbox 360.    My girlfriend is considering getting it for me for my birthday and so I'm just trying to figure out whether it's a good idea or not.  I'm not really sure what other info to offer, but if I can clarify anything for you helpful people, please let me know.  If not Diablo, is there a better idea?
[dungeon defenders]	So, I'm a huge gamer. 10+ hours a day if I have the time available between work and social commitments. And I've been dating my current girlfriend for about a year now and she's never really been into games, but lately she's been wanting to get into them (for me).   My main games of choice at the moment are dota2/starcraft2. I'd love if she played; but anyone who has played those games know that that's a terrible idea.  We've played a bit of coop shooters (Halo/Gears/etc), she liked  she doesn't really have the ability to play at a level that isn't frustrating for her.   We play Mario Kart 64 a fair bit, which is  getting a bit stale (She always wins, dammit). We also play Rayman Origins too, which we like, but it too is getting a bit stale (I'd highly recommend rayman to anyone looking for solid platformer, tons of fun!).  I gave her plants vs zombies to play and she loved it. Huge hit. She loves killing  doesn't right? She didn't like any of the other popcap games (peggle, zuma, etc). I asked her what she liked, she said she liked the strategy involved, so I gave her a tower defense to play. I gave her [Kingdom Rush](http:// She's really enjoying  was up until 3am playing.   Anyways, I was hoping you guys could shed some light on a few games that are similar to a tower defense, but also have a coop element. I can't think of any. Cutesy games get bonus points.
[gotham city impostors]	I'd love to play a new multiplayer shooter, but I've gotten relatively tired of the ones I have. I've gotten tired of TF2, and there's always Tribes: Ascend, but I was looking for something a little more slow paced. I guess you could say Call of Duty with out the whole generic-ness. I also love a good game of Halo: 3, but it's not on Pc. If anyone has any recommendations, I'd love to try them. [Here is a list of my Steam games, so you can avoid recommending things I own.](http://
[bloons]	I'm not sure if what I'm looking for in particular actually exists, but if anyone has anything close to it, let me know.   So I really love in Total War, particularly Medieval 2, the battle maps where I'm defending my cities. I love that I can place my troops on the walls, position them to charge when the enemies break down the gates, place my spearmen to flank cavalry, etc. [Here](http:// is a video with some gameplay.   I'm looking for something similar to that but I would also love to be able to customize my city, build different types of towers, use defensive tactics like burning tar or rigging explosives. I wouldn't mind real-time unit spawning and resource management as well but that's not a necessity if the game doesn't have a grand campaign. If it had a grand campaign, that'd be fantastic but it's not necessary at all.  Ideally, I'm kind of thinking maybe something like the Anno series (particularly 1404) or even SimCity but with a faster pace and with more focus on defense than economy/resources OR a grand campaign game with way more city customization that games like Total War or Civilization have.   Maybe a game like AoE with more focus on the city-building aspect could also work but I'd rather not have so many of the trapping of a typical RTS that AoE had since I'd much rather be solely focused on offense or defense but not both simultaneously in real-time.   edit: I guess I don't mean tower defense in a typical sense, maybe I just mean more "defense" game than "tower defense"
[project zomboid, cortex command, ai war]	[The game](http:// really intrigues me, and I'm super pumped to play it. I've kinda got a specific itch I want to scratch, but I'm not quite sure how to phrase it for search engines. Here's what I want: - Indie. Something about the indie vibe that I can't put my finger on, I find awesome. Indie games are cool. - Sense of Exploration. Valley Without Wind is procedurally generated and infinite, which has me pumped. Anything procedurally generated or simply enormous would be sweet. - Complexity. AVWV has a crapton of research to do, spells to make, this civilization thing, which I love. Some sort of deep and complex crafting or building system would be sweet. - (Optional) Combat that is decently complex. If there is complexity and strategy to the combat as well, that would be awesome.  And before you say anything, yes, I own Minecraft. Anything that fits a lot of these would be awesome. I feel like playing something complex and expansive, something I can spend a lot of time exploring and building and mastering mechanics.  Games similar to what I'm looking for: -A Valley Without Wind (the game I've referenced 6 billion times) -Minecraft (but preferably with better combat and more complex systems) -Terraria (better combat, again) -Dungeons of Dredmor (in terms of procedural generation and a complexity of game systems)  Any suggestions would be appreciated!
[diddy kong racing, star fox]	Well Reddit, I've really been considering buying the 3DS for a while, and I've come up with 3 reasons.  1.  I've never played Ocarina of Time, and I'm told all the time that it's the best game ever and all.  I'm not trying to start an argument over that, but I think it may be a decent reason to get a 3DS.   2.  Star Fox 64 was my favorite game whenever I'd see my cousins who had N64's as a kid, even if I couldn't comprehend how to play it.  It would be a great blast from the past to play it again.  3.  Kingdom flipping Hearts, man.  I just love the series.  Next game on the 3DS, sounds like a deal to me.    These three games are great, and certainly a decent reason to get the 3DS.  If anyone can give me a boost based on these games, or any other great ones, that'd be great.  If someone has a good reason for me to not get it, or at least delay the purchase, I'd love to take that into consideration too.  Thanks a lot in advance, Reddit!
[total war, total war, total war]	In my experience, if strategy games feature water (ocean, sea, river - does not matter) it is treated as simply an obstacle and not valuable land. Thus, if there are naval units, they are made as a crutch.  Naval combat is basically treated exactly like land combat, except every unit is an archer, they fight on absolutely flat terrain and generally also move faster. Bo-ring. Boring and unrealistic.  So, I want a strategy game (rts, turn based, does not matter) that would feature actually interesting naval combat: bombardment, ramming, boarding (recapturing ships in battle would be cool), hopefully also reefs, ships actually being capable of traversing rivers, etc, etc.  Ancient Wars series comes to mind, but it's incredibly boring and slow and I don't want to play a game for one gimmick.
[dota 2]	Huge MMO fan here. I've played every major AAA MMO that has released in the past 5-6 years, beyond that I'm not into much else.  As a young gamer I played a crap load of singler player games but for some reason I can't bring myself to play them any more ... in a way they kind of feel like a waste of time to me, I like the idea of leveling and getting stronger in a competitive environment, hence my unhealthy obsession with League of Legends. (Which, I'm not even that good at, I can't get out of elo-hell for the life of me.) I have SCII, but I'm not skilled enough to play it at the level I'd want to.  I need something else! Any ideas? I don't want to go back to WoW or Rift. I've been thinking about taking the dive into Diablo 3, but it kind of seems a tad boring, it looks like an endless PvE grind, which I kind of want to stay away from.  I am REALLY bad at FPS. So no Tribes:Ascend or anything like that.  Maybe I'm just slowly growing out of gaming or I MMO'd myself into a corner? =[
[new super mario bros, lego indiana jones, street fighter 3, worms armageddon, splinter cell 3, world of goo, metal drift, wii sports, portal 2, swat 4, gta 4]	Hi there, I'm looking for games to play with my boyfriend - we're having trouble deciding.  The main problem is that we're both kinda picky, or we just don't know what else is out there - if it's just us or if there really isn't anything to play.  Here's a list of games we played together, either finished playing, got bored, or otherwise:  * Minecraft * Star Wars: The Old Republic * Borderlands - will definitely play Borderlands 2, but September is a long way away. * Aion * Sanctum * Magicka * Team Fortress 2 * Left 4 Dead &amp; L4D2 * Dead Island * LEGO Harry Potter  He doesn't want to play the totally cartoony/kiddy-like games like Terraria, All Zombies must Die, Dungeon Defenders.. nor will he play 'silly party games' with me like Cooking Mama, Mario Party, etc.. although he will play Metal Slug and Rabbids gone Wild.  I kinda want to play Guild Wars 2 or The Secret World but he has no interest in that.  The only one I can think of is possibly the co-op for Portal 2, but other than that I have no idea!  If you have any suggestions that would be brilliant. Thank you so much!
[xenonauts, xenonauts]	I'm in the mood for turn-based strategy games (or real time strategy, it doesn't really matter) with aliens/monsters/supernatural characters. I've seen that the X-Com/UFO series gets a lot of love on reddit, so I was thinking that I should try and give it a chance.  Which game in the series is the most fun/interesting gameplay-wise?  Should I play the first game or does it have too many problems/steep learning curve?  Any good "clones" out there I should play?  If I should play the first one, what are the best resource to learn how to play it? Can anyone teach me/point me to the right direction?  Thanks!
[cthulhu saves the world]	Surely someone has done something like this. I'm thinking of an RPG or adventure type game, or even MMO with modern AI and conversation trees, huge worlds to explore, countless monsters and NPCs... but with 16-bit SNES style graphics.   It seems like if you used that kind of classic format, it would be much quicker and easier to create the graphics and instead focus on the quest/story/gameplay aspects. And of course, 2-D pixel graphics doesn't have to mean "bad", just more... primitive. So does this exist yet and if so, is it any good?  EDIT: Thanks for the suggestions, guys. I'll check out all of these... some of them look really great. However, it doesn't look like anyone's quite made the "dream game" I've had in mind for years. I basically want Skyrim, but 2-D 16-bit-ish era graphics and I want the gameplay to feel like Secret of Mana, or Zelda:ALTTP. Not a casual game, but not a direct duplication of what was made 20 years ago, either. Maybe someday...
[rise of nations]	Three of my friends and I are hoping to get together soon and have a small lan where we just hang out and play some games.   At the moment we are looking at possibly picking up a few from GoG (because we don't want to spend a lot of money) to try out:  * [Mobile Forces](http://  * [Nox](http://  * [Gangland](http://  * [Original War](http://  * [Speed Busters](http://  Anyone have any opinions on any of these and know if they are worth getting?
[europa universalis 3, crusader kings 2, victoria 2, eu3]	I've been playing a lot of Civilization lately and got tired of it.  4X games are fun, but almost all of them are about space. I don't like space all that much.  So, are there any games with emphasis on building civilizations, preferrably based on real life civs?   The more diverse the races the better. The more sides the better. Campaigns don't have to be historically accurate, I would even be happy with civ style random maps.  RTS or TBS, doesn't particularly matter.  Rise of Nations is fun. Total War has way too much emphasis on its unique historical battle simulator which I don't like. Trying Crusader Kings 2 but from the interface it already feels like I'll have to spend hours figuring out how to play it.
[for glory]	I've got an old laptop running Ubuntu and WINE (so I can play ~~anything~~ many things which can be played on a Windows system). I would like to find some good old games to play on it, but I don't hear much about good old games, and those that I do hear about I'm not sure if I can run. The possibilities are limited by system requirements, so here's it's specs to the best of my knowledge:  It's got 1 GB of RAM, a  GHz processor, and plenty of hard drive space; I am not sure about the graphics card, however. I've got a sticker on it which says ATI Mobility Radeon, and it is a Sony Vaio; the actual model is ambiguous, on the inside it says PCG-Z1WAMP, but on the bottom there's a sticker which says PCG-5A1L. My best guess from my limited research is that the graphics card is 16 MB; for simple comparison, it runs Diablo II at mediocre performance and doesn't run Warcraft III at all.   What are some good games you think I could run, Reddit?  EDIT: Wow, there's quite a few good suggestions so far, I'll at least test all of these. To sum up what I've seen so far, there's:  * Fallout 1 * Fallout 2 * Baldur's Gate 1 * Baldur's Gate 2 * Planescape Torment * Arcanum * Quest for Glory * Serious Sam * Red Faction * Black &amp; White * GBA emulator (megaman zero series, megaman network series, golden sun, mario and luigi superstar saga, metroid fusion, pokemon emerald/leaf green, metroid zero mission) * SNES emulator (super mario rpg, chrono trigger, super metroid, super mario world, a link to the past, xmen mutant apocalypse, breath of fire, kirby superstar, teenage mutant ninja turtles 4, secret of mana, earthbound) * Recoil * Re-Volt * Half Life * Thief * Virtual Pool 3 * Populous * Commander Keen * Creatures * Rise of Nations
[sid meier's pirates, mass effect]	So I'm admittedly a casual gamer and don't have an extensive knowledge of video games, but I love playing them to relieve stress and relax. I've found that some of my favorite video games are immersive RPGs, but I just can't seem to connect to video games set in medieval dreamworlds/alien worlds/post-apocalyptic scenes. I've never really been into those hyper-masculine aesthetics and story lines and just can't seem to connect on any personal level to those games.   So are there any RPGs that are at the very least gender neutral? Games you could imagine both sexes enjoying due to the aesthetics/plot line/characters/humor? 
[saints row 3]	Ahoy hoy - Waiting for GW2 is taking a toll, so thought I'd ask for some game suggestions - need it to fill these criteria, for me and my partner to play.  **A)Definately needs to be on PC  **B)Character customisation (Really want this extensive in some way...)  **C)Multiplayer  **D) Preferred - More action based than a WoW type MMO  **E) Not subscription based  Thing's we've been looking at are things like the Firefall Beta, but getting a key for that (let alone 2) seems an impossibility. LAN or Internet based is fine.  Any idea's? We've done the obvious like Guild Wars 1, Baldurs Gate etc 
[roguelike, know how, z.h.p., vs.]	I always wait a couple of years before getting onto consoles or handhelds, and I bought a PSP a few years ago but haven't gotten much use out of it. **What games would you recommend I get now?** I am big on roguelikes, but not so much on sports, racing, or fighting games. RPGs are good as long as there isn't too much grinding.  Here's my list of owned games:  * Every Extend Extra  * Metal Gear Acid 2  * Disgaea 2  * Bomberman  * LocoRoco  * Crisis Core (mediocre)  * Final Fantasy Tactics  * Star Ocean (1 and 2)  * Monster Hunter Freedom Unite (absolutely hate it)  * Holy Invasion of Privacy, Badman!  * Metal Gear Solid: Portable Ops  * Final Fantasy 1  * Little Big Planet  * Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker  * Half-Minute Hero  * Patapon
[roller coaster tycoon]	I actually like tycoons, but some of them have all the originality and fun of Farmville.  Games I've played:  Theme Hospital by Bullfrog. Insanely fun, although hard. Don't know how to run it on Win7-64 however. Hospital Tycoon is outright boring by comparison.  Sim City series.  Sid Meyer's Railroads! - plays a bit like Civilization. Pretty great but somewhat weird and lacks content. Railroad Tycoon 3 at least had monorails and other futuristic shenanigans.  The Movies - maybe I don't understand that game but it seems like you absolutely have to make decent machinima in the in game editor to play.
[to leave]	Hey guys!   I've been using a [Logitech M510](http:// for gaming, and it's seemed completely sufficient. I actually really like it. The battery life is pretty sweet and it feels nice in my hand. My only complaint is that it gets dirty a little too quickly with its smooth and shiny exterior.   My question to you is this; what are the benefits of mouses (mice?) made *specifically* for gaming over the mouse I use/mouses like it? I have been eyeing the [Razer Deathadder](http:// for a while now, but I just don't know if the switch is worth it. Do "gaming mouses" perform better? How are they superior to normal mouses?
[lone survivor, think twice]	I really love games like this. You have limited resources, and you have to balance out what you spend resources on, such as progression, aquiring more resources, staying alive, etc.  I'm not really talking about any specific genre of games here, as long as this element is present, and the game has a reasonably decent interface (i'm not patient enough to learn another dwarf fortress-interface)  Some examples to better explain what i mean:       * Nethack: You start with very little, and have to try to find good weapons, tools, magic rings and amulets, while gathering food to stay alive and carefully considering what to use your potions, wands and scrolls for.   * Dwarf fortress: You start with only 7 dwarves and a small stockpile. While trying to survive you gather more and more materials to build a nice pimp fortress.   * Command &amp; Conquer (1): In the harder late game levels, you only have a few units, an MCV and very limited credits. Almost every tiberium field is guarded, and you are under constant attack. This means you have to prioritize defense, teching up, and fighting for tiberium.   * Minecraft: In the early game, you have to search for valuable materials, chose what to spend them on, and try to build a decent stronghold all at the same time as farming food to stay fed. This is way better with for instance industrial craft.    Most of 4x games also contain this element, but i'd like something not too complicated. I also really love older games. The direction newer games have taken with interface, animation and other fanciness slows down the gameplay a lot. I'm not saying NO NEW GAMES, just that i'm fine with older ones. 
[ms. splosion man, star wars, portal 2, xbox]	I recently purchased a 360 for my girlfriend. We played through fable 3 together and she fell in love with it. We both like RPG's and think that the best possible game would be Skyrim with Co-op. I was wondering if anyone had any suggestions for some non-shooter-y co-op things. Though maybe some shooters wouldn't be out of the question because we also played saints row 3 and she seemed to be okay with that because of how ridiculous and over the top everything was. That's for reading my ramble, and your suggestions are greatly appreciated.
[trine 2, think!]	 Dear gamers,  I'm looking for great games that I can play co-op with my buddy on a Mac.  We mainly enjoy old-school games, preferably fast-paced and with plenty of "novelty learning experiences". Most importantly, it needs to be hot-seat co-op,  we sit in front of the same computer screen. For instance, we've played the hell out of the following games:  * The original Super Smash Brothers (tough that was on N64) * Liero AI (obscure but fun version of [Liero](https:// for PC) * [MultiHero](http:// I don't know why, but this obscure freeware game was simply the most fun we ever had. The balance between making progess and getting slaughtered by a mean trap was just right.  We've tried a lot of emulated SNES games, like Contra or BattleToads, but they never felt as thrilling as MultiHero to us. Unfortunately, we're on a Mac now, too.  I recently bought Jamestown, which provides a suitable amount of fun, but it's a rather small game.  Any suggestions? 
[lock-on]	A little bit of back ground I played Halo alot in high school and attended tournaments and helped run as well. Halo was a big part of my life. I have been seen the light and have became a PC gamer 3 years ago and only power on my xbox to play the new halo games that come out. I am confident that 343i is going to botch the game I loved and have been been looking for over a year for a Haloish game on PC.     My biggest requirements is that I do not want a class system a perk system or a MTS (military tactical shooter) in the game. I would like to be able to be on a level playing field.     Thanks in advance. 
[realm of the mad god, minecraft]	I'm looking for sidescrollers and/or topdowns (think Diablo II).  is okay, too.  I'm looking for action RPGs that are about leveling, learning skills, and collecting gear. I like numbers everywhere, too. I would also like the game to have classes like mage, warrior, archer, etc.  I usually get into grindy Korean MMORPGs, like MapleStory, Dungeon Fighter, Ragnarok Online, Trickster Online, etc. The problem is, these games' cash shops drain my wallet. So a game that plays like these would be great.  I'm looking for a single player game right now, but if you have any MMO suggestions, I'm open to those too.  I don't normally like turn based games, tactical RPGs, RTS games, or tower defense games. However, if you know one that is truly awesome, or you believe I would like it for some reason, I'd give anything a shot.
[fallout 3, fallout 3]	I've looked at both Fallout 3 and New Vegas and I'm not sure which to go for. They both seem broadly similar, and in time I was hoping to get both if I liked the one I go for (and maybe the others if I really like the series), so I was thinking: is one slightly better or something? Does one have more to it -gameplay, mechanics and story wise- than the other? Does it make a difference which I play having not played any of the others? and more questions along that thread of thinking. Help deciding is greatly appreciated, and thanks in advance for any help :)
[pick up]	I have a 6 year old nephew that I live with and he's always eager to play videogames with me. The only problem is that most of the games I have for my Xbox and ps3 are mature content. I also have a wii, but we've basically played all the multiplayer games for that into the ground (new! Super mario bros, DK country returns, super smash bros, Mario kart)  So, im looking for a good game for the ps3/Xbox (preferrebly) that we can both enjoy, that isn't too complicated for a kid, and not too dumb for an adult. Also, with co-op that isn't frustrating like Mario bros. and DK country could be.   He's really into castle crashes and little big planet. I was thinking of something along the lines of that.   I was thinking about repurchasing portal 2, but idk if he'd understand that. Also, lbp2 and rayman origins were other options. I'd love to hear about co-op games you all like so I can see what options I have. Thanks!
[lotro, aion, ddo, ddo, ddo]	I used to play WoW. It was great, because there were thousands of quests with different things to do, and just about every quest had some sort of incentive other than EXP, usually reputation and items. The sheer number of quests allowed me to have many different experiences with different characters and generally have a blast, even if I were to go back and make a new character. Then I had to quit playing because I could no longer afford the monthly payment. At first, it was easy to cope with, because my interest had sort of waned and I had friends and other things to do, but now, like a druggie going through withdrawal, I've come to miss that vast quest pool and reasonable level of character customization. Does anybody know of any online games that meet this sort of criteria, without having a monthly payment or requiring a powerful computer? Bonus points if it's completely free and has a somewhat mature player demographic, but those aren't strictly necessary.
[xbox 360]	I've played some XBox 360, PS2 and PC games quite a bit but I rarely do it at all these days. I did get Skyrim and played on my brother's console, but never finished it due to other commitments.  I live up at university and I'd like to have some fun gaming while I'm up here. I'm considering getting a PS3 but there's rumours of a PS4, and I'm not sure if I should wait for it. Should I just get a PS3 now or wait for the new one?   What games are some "must haves" for the PS3 (I'm fine with pretty much any type of game).   Any help would be greatly appreciated. 
[railroad tycoon 3]	Just found this subreddit, and I thought you guys might be able to help.  I've been wanting to play a sort of game that in all likelihood doesn't exist.  I'm looking for something relatively slow-paced, where you manage resources to build some sort of successful system.  Games I've played that best represent something similar to this include Anno 2070, Caesar III, Emperor: Rise of the Middle Kingdom, maybe even Sim Park.  In particular I'd like for the game to develop a system in a natural environment (as opposed to the more city-based examples I just gave).  I've looked at From Dust, but I've heard pretty mixed reviews of it.  In essence, I'm looking for something slow-paced and strategic, but preferably without a violent focus.  Any suggestions for this implausible and likely nonexistent request are appreciated.  Platform is PC only.  Thanks!   
[earthsiege 2, mechwarrior, starsiege]	Hi. First and foremost, I'd like to thank you for helping me out. Now, lets get down to the gritty. He was playing it in the late ninety's on his PC. I used to sit in his lap when he got home from work to watch. I remember distinctly that it was from a first person perspective, and you could actually see the weapon that your character was holding. If I memory recalls correctly, you were piloting a large robotic mech, more like a Gundam than a Mech-Warrior or MechAssault type mech. Mainly, there were two types of laser rifles used in this game. One that shot a "pulse" type laser that was red, and another that looked like a chaingun and shot "gatling" type lasers that were green. From what I remember, most of the maps took place on very flat areas like deserts or salt flats. One mission I believe is where you had to escort a convoy across this desert, and every now and then an enemy mech would try to ambush you. This is all I can remember. I'd like to thank you again for helping me find this game. Also, if there's a different subreddit I can post this to that would be of more help, please inform me. It would be much appreciated.
[age of empires 3, home base]	So me and about 3 other friends were looking for a RTS that is fun and exciting to play multiplayer. I'm a pretty hardcore gamer but my friends are just casual gamers.    I'm looking for a RTS that plays across multiple time periods. I used to play Empire Earth 2 when i was younger and I loved that because you could choose a time period and advance through it and it's basically exactly what I'm looking for.    I was just wondering if there are any more recent games that are similar to it (Besides Empire Earth 3 because i heard it was awful), any suggestions or should I just stick with Empire Earth 2 (which came out 7 years ago)?
[monster hunter]	I'm helping run the conference activity for Games for Change, a conference about using gaming to make social difference. The premise of our activity is to create a list of the 100 Games Everyone Should Play. A lot of the people who attend this conference are not well versed in gaming, digital or otherwise. They know all about educational stuff, but when I tell them there are better examples, they have no idea... at all. They haven't played Mass Effect or Catan or sometimes even Mario. And they have no idea why it's valuable to do so...  Anyway, we're [crowdsourcing a list](http:// and I really need your help. Please contribute, knowing that your advice is being passed on to professionals that use gaming for good! Thanks! 
[mass effect]	To give you an idea of the kind of games she likes, she's a big action/fighting/fantasy fan, with games like the "Assassin's Creed" series, the newest "Castlevania", "Darksiders", "Kingdoms of Amalur", "Portal", and the "SoulCalibur" series among some of her favorites. However, of those, she's only ever beaten "Portal". She's stuck at some point or another on every one of her other games, and has gotten so frustrated with video games in general that she seems close to just giving it up. What are some good reccomendations for games that will reward her perservereance, instead of just ramping up the difficulty curve like some of these games?
[alan wake]	I've got myself some spare time and I've been looking for an immersive experience like no other.  Something that will put me in the place of someone else and allow me drown myself in their character and world without too much reading. A world that I can take my time in and I don't feel rushed by the developers forcing action scenes in my face yet it will keep my interests the entire time.  For an example of what has done this to me in the past would be Bioshock 1 &amp; 2 and the Yakuza series.  Preferably on the PC as my living room is currently being hogged by housemates.  Any suggestions?
[minecraft]	I'm not sure how to put this, but I've been playing these games for the past couple years of my life and am finally wearing them out:  * Team Fortress 2  * Counter-Strike  * League of Legends  * World of Warcraft  And I just graduated college and I think I'm going to take a break before I get a job, so I'm going to be playing a lot of video games in my down-time. I want a game that is based around a lot of teamwork, and preferably has a community that pursues teamwork as well. It doesn't have to be an FPS, but I've already tried LoL, HoN, and DotA 2 which I think are the big games people are going to come in here to recommend. Price and system doesn't matter to me, as long as the gameplay is fun and enjoyable and able to hold my attention for the next few months. Thanks in advance for any recommendations! 
[lego star wars]	I'm wondering if anyone knows if there is a game that blends the following two genres:  **1.  Platforming (like, jumping around and stuff), and**  **2. Puzzle-solving (like, move this block here to open that, etc)**  ***HOWEVER!***  -and here's where it gets tricky - it's also important that the game has some kind of gimmick.  Like, maybe you have several guys you switch between, or rotate the whole map on a certain axis, or rewind time or something.  Does anyone know of a game that would fit this description?  Edit:  Also, follow up question, how come nobody has thought of this yet?  Edit:  My cousin, Dendo, says he has game maker and he's going to make this game a reality!!!  The long search is finally over!  Thanks guys for the help!!  **Edit:  Okay, so thanks everyone for the earnest answers.  Just in case someone reads this later - I was, in fact, trolling.  As shippu said, there are hundreds of these - probably more like thousands when you consider it's been a thing since like 1985.  So, thanks for trying to help, and probably someone reading the thread did get something out of your suggestions.**
[zombie shooter, nation red]	So I know there are a metric fuck-ton of isometric and top-down style zombie shooters these days, but I don't know which ones are any damn good since they are all relatively cheap (a great thing) and look similar.  I'd love some rpg like depth, or maybe even something that plays like a dungeon crawler but is focused on zombie murdering action and supplies some big dumb fun.  The friend I wish to co-op play this with has a Mac, so that may make things more difficult for anyone willing to recommend me something.  Thanks in advance!
[just cause 2]	I'm looking for games in which you can ride motorcycles, but which aren't moto sports or trick or racing games. For example, the Robotech Cyclone game on the old Xbox was a lot of fun, and the Grand Theft Auto games have them, IIRC.  I know there's a _mod_ for Fallout 3 which lets you use a stationary motorcycle for storage and quick travel, but sadly you can never actually ride it. I would love a game which let me ride a motorcycle around the wasteland. How cool would that be?  What are some other games with good bike-riding parts?
[dragon quest viii: journey of the cursed king]	Games like Elder Scrolls, Dark Souls and Dragon Age or 'm sure they maintain the rules of their bibles and I know for a fact that their universes have interesting things like dragons and different types of spells and whatnot. However, when I explore the worlds of these games, I enjoy the work the developers put into decorating their worlds, but carrying on through them, even though there are cool creatures and plenty of action, most of the areas are definitely a bit old-timey and the characters, in my opinion, are quite boring, even a bit depressing if anything. Dragon Age puts quite a bit of humor in some characters, and nobility in others, but I dislike the gameplay and would prefer it to be more open-world-y. I'd like a game that's like these games in terms of having a strong bible and dazzling fantasy but something that's a bit more light-hearted, colorful, maybe sort of funny even.   My ideal game is something that's like Skyrim in terms of its open world, but more like Super Mario Galaxy in terms of the use of colors and the childishness. However, I want it to have a lot of lore and whatnot and whimsical, crazy characters, of all different colors and species. I want its universe to be kind of like Hitchhiker's Guide to the  containing weird stuff like the Total Perspective Vortex, Eccentrica Gallumbits- The Triple-Breasted Whore of Eroticon Six, and Marvin the Paranoid Android.
[magicka]	Hey r/gamingsuggestions,  My friends and I are looking for a PC game to play together. We are all veterans of FPS games - CS/CS:S, DoD, TF2, BFBC2, BF3, etc. So we are full on the FPS portion. We also have Diablo 3 and we've grown tired of the constant gear grind that feels like a 2nd job. So, I figured someone here might have a good idea.  We also have PS3's but the great games we have in common (Dark Souls / Demon's Souls) have already been played to death and Platinum'd. So those are out.  Any suggestions are appreciated. Thanks. :)   
[rip off]	I'm new at this, so I just need some advice to make sure I get the most out of my computer. Planning to spend 2 or 3 grand. I've done a little research, and this is the list of the components I'm planning to use so far:  OS: Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit  CPU: AMD FX8150 8-Core  (I definitely want AMD over Intel)  Motherboard: Asus Sabertooth 990FX  RAM: at least 16GB DDR3  SSD: 20GB or 40GB just to put the OS on  HDD: at least 7200rpm 1TB  Video Card: either the AMD Radeon HD7970, or NVIDIA GeForce GTX 680.  I could swing the GTX 690, but only if that would really be worth it. I'm only going to be using one 1080p monitor, so multi-screen is not an issue for me. Also, dual video cards is an option, but again only if it is really worth it for just one monitor.  My goal is to pretty much be able to play any game, with a smooth framerate and not have to worry about much for maybe 1-2 years at least. Any advice or suggestions are helpful. Thanks.
[portal 2, tf2]	Hi,  My boyfriend suggested I try a first person shooter but I don't know what to choose. He has Call of Duty installed on the computer but I don't want to play that (I don't feel comfortable killing "normal people", I'd much prefer a game where I clearly know the enemy is evil, if you see what I mean?).  My only "relevant" gaming experience would be Oblivion and Skyrim. I don't want something too fast paced and I really don't like dying too often. I don't want a game that's only good on multiplayer mod because I really don't want to have to play with other people, though a good co-op mod that I could play with my boyfriend would be a nice bonus. My computer can run pretty much everything (it runs Skyrim perfectly). Any suggestions?
[mario kart, trine 2]	I never make posts anymore because people are mean, but I need this.   My boyfriend and I, who are very much happy and in love, recently went through a very tough time as a couple. After 7 months, you just hit that patch. Having since been renewed and restored our relationship, we decided that online gaming might help us have some fun when we aren't together (we live two hours apart).   I want to surprise him, so here's what I'm looking for: - It needs to be on that Steam thing I just downloaded (playable with PC and MAC) - I would like it to be co-op so that we can play together (we both loved Portal 1 and 2 on Xbox)  - And I don't like anything scary, or with zombies, or killing plots. Don't get me wrong, I love Call of Duty as much as my vibrator, but I can't even watch previews of horror movies. So none of that.  If this doesn't get downvoted into oblivion, and someone can actually help me surprise him with this, I will.... friend you and upvote your comments. That's what the whole karma thing is for, right?  Faithfully yours, Desperate Gameless Girlfriend
[resident evil 0, viewtiful joe, block party, silent hill, gamecube, gamecube, gamecube, gamecube]	Hey guys, I've been trying to find some games this generation that actually suit my playstyle. However, I've tried both the ps3 and the 360 (being young with a cushy job means a tonne of disposable income, woo), and none of the games struck a chord. Due to recent circumstances, I've become more or less a pacifist, and games that I used to love (Halo, MW1, BF2) just clash with my world view. As a disclaimer, that doesn't eliminate games which are completely cartoony examples of violence, like Contra III for SNES.  Onward to my point, I've lately been playing through Metroid for the NES on an emulator, as well as borrowing a friend's N64 to play OoT again. This got me thinking about the Wii. Since it's honestly super cheap, and the games are fairly priced, would it be worth it to someone like me? What sort of games would you recommend, apart from the obvious Super Mario Galaxies/TP/SS/whichever-metroid-there-is.  Basically, what good wii/gamecube games have I missed out on? Also, if there are any true classics on the Virtual Console, like my ever precious Contra or the original Metroids, is it worth it to get that classic gamepad? 
[neverwinter nights, dungeon siege ii, baldur's gate, icewind dale, titan quest]	A friend and I are looking for a multi-player game in the same genre as Skyrim, WoW, Diablo, Baldur's Gate, etc.  A game with immense character customization where there isn't a "cookie cutter" build in order to succeed.  We are trying out Baldur's Gate at the moment, but it's very choppy and rather difficult to set up a two player game.  The character options are great though, with the multi-classes and determining where to put your skill points.  Diablo 3 at this point seems like it's the same thing over and over and there isn't much say on what your character turns out like once you pick your class.    We both have gaming capable computers as well as Xbox360s.  With this in mind, is there a game out there that you all think we would enjoy? 
[chrono cross, ff8]	Hey fellow gamers,  So my  did me a bad one a couple of weeks back and my life has been steadily declining and the purpose is waning.  I was listening to my music on shuffle and I randomly hit the FF7 soundtrack and Cloud's Theme literally brought tears to my eyes.  I realized that it was games like that with expansive worlds and themes of honor, team work and the hero's quest that helped to shape me into the man I am and helped to "educate" me in what it means to be a good person.  I'm looking for games like that.  RPG's preferably, something I can immerse myself in with strong story work and memorable characters, I don't care if it's an old game or new  just want to bring back that 
[dawn of discovery, same game, anno 2070, anno 1404]	I really like 4X games.   Picking proper places for cities, finding ways to keep citizens happy - all that stuff.  However, all 4x games seem to boil down to war. Citizens are just there to be recruits and pay taxes to support my increasing military might.  Are there games that focus more on the peaceful stuff? I quite enjoy Settlers and Knights &amp; Merchants, in particular because they have a wide array of resources and buildings dependent on each other, with the army mostly being there to defend all that. 
[mass effect 3, mass effect 2]	So since the release of Mass Effect 3 (and hearing of the ending) I've been putting off playing through the rest of the second and third installments. After last night of watching numerous videos and thinking about the countless great times I've had as my own personal Commander Shepherd I would like to replay through the whole series.   Looking on Steam they have 1 &amp; 2, and no DLC. Since I am a stickler for having it all I thought the only place that would have everything would be Origin. Since the only thing I hear and see about Origin comes from other disgruntled gamers, my initial reaction was to avoid them.   Any suggestions on what I should do? I don't mind getting it on Origin if all of the horrible things I hear are isolated cases. I really don't mind getting it anywhere if I can just get every bit of content. 
[shining force, gladius, gladius, xbox]	I'm looking for RPGs which give a lot of opportunities for building your character(s). One of my favorite parts of many games is simply building your character in different ways, and coming up with a lot of different ideas.  Tactics based games have typically been the best, since I'm given the chance to build many different types of characters all at once, as well as the build of the team overall. I've played the usual Final Fantasy Tactics, disgaea, and a handful of the advancewars (haven't gotten around to fire emblem games though)  Other games in general I've played which were really good for character building...  Fallout 2 (and 3/NV) Mount and Blade Dungeons of Dredmore Space Pirates and Zombies (ship building instead) Elder Scrolls series Jade Empire  If it is a AAA PC title released in the last 2-4 years, I probably know of it, so no need to suggest the obvious skyrim/diablo/fallout3/etc games.  As for platforms, I have a PC, wii, DS, PSP. Thanks in advance
[deus ex]	Hey r/games, for my entire life I've enjoyed PC gaming, but I've always had a PC that was crappy or a Mac (before dual-boot came out.) Until recently I was running on an old hp laptop from 2004 that could run WoW, barely.  But now I've got a pretty decent rig that can run Crysis 2 at max settings (already tried that). Other than that I bought the Witcher on GoG thanks to their sale, and... honestly, now I just don't know what to do. I've been kept back from games for so long, and finally being able to play any I'm kind of blindsided. Does anyone have any suggestions? I've been kept away from PC games for the past decade, so anything from around 2003 or so onward is free game.  - I do have a Wii, PS3 and 360 so if the game was really good, and released on one of those systems I've probably already played it (Skyrim, Mass Effect, Portal, etc). - I have pretty much every indie PC game of note since Aquaria because my laptop could play them. - I already have Crysis 2, The Witcher and Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines, and I plan on pre-ordering Guild Wars 2 and The Secret World.
[bf2]	Already own Arma 2: CO, everybody plays DayZ now and I don't like the massive amount of time spent travelling.  I also play Tribes, which is helping me bide my time but isn't really what I'm looking for. I play CS:S as well, but isn't really what I'm looking for.  I used to play Raven Shield (Rainbow Six 3) and it remains to this day my favorite game of all time. I would **adore** a game like that.  I don't enjoy Quake Live. Wasn't a fan of the Rainbow Six games that followed Raven Shield either, the Vegas series was awful.  Good community is critical here. Stuff like UT2k4, UT3 are dead.
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r., s.t.a.l.k.e.r., timeline]	Hey all,  For pretty much as long as I've been playing video games, I've always liked 3-way battles in games. There's just something about watching 2 factions that you hate try and kill each other that really makes me happy. I try to engineer AI on AI combat in pretty much every game I play (ex: in New Vegas I'd try and get Legion soldiers to follow me to NCR posts or in Half Life 1 I'd turn on invisibility during the scripted soldier vs. alien battles). When I almost bought Legendary on Steam yesterday because it advertized 3-way battles I knew I should probably go with this. Anybody know of any (preferably shooter) games that have what I'm looking for?
[guess it]	I had a previous thread, but I made a new one because I felt like I left out quite a bit of things and wasn't clear about the things I didn't forget, and it's easier to make a new post than editing an already established one to fit a new description. I'm looking for a game that:  * is based around PVP  * is easy to get into  * does not have any vehicles  * is not in the overhead perspective  * does not penalize movement (unlike CS)  * has zero RPG elements  * is not an RTS or ARTS  * is not pay to win  Any help you could give me would be appreciated.  EDIT: here are a list of games that fit this criteria that I have played and did not enjoy:  * Team Fortress 2 (was one of my favorite games ever until they nerfed all of the Heavy's good unlocks and stopped producing new quality content)  * Quake Live  
[bayonetta]	I just played and loved Ninja Gaiden Black. I picked it up on a whim and I don't know any other similar games. I know Ninja Gaiden 2 is out there - but what else?  I liked the fast-paced, challenging combat and well-executed (if not particularly original) story. The main thing I'm looking for is an action-adventure game with fluid combat: blocking, dodging, well-timed attacks, lots of varied enemies, etc.   I'm pretty new to the world of video gaming so I'm interested in both the obvious and less obvious suggestions. Thanks!
[galactic civilizations 2, sins of a solar empire, rise of nations, strategy games, total war, aoe]	I've been enjoying the Civilization franchise, Age of Empire franchise and C&amp;C franchise a lot, and have been really trying to find another game similar to these.   I know C&amp;C/AoE and Civilization Games are vastly different, however to me they have a similar sort of feel to them.   I only recently got back into gaming so was looking for similar games, or maybe something a bit more out there to play and was hoping /r/gamingsuggestions could help.  Apologies for lack of detail or anything, i'm not too good at describing exactly what type of game I'm looking for, I just feel like i'll know if I get a certain recommendation and check it out.
[bookworm adventures, word games, fishdom, picross, pick up, sudoku]	My mom doesn't really play computer games, but she's been playing the same two since the early 2000s (Poppit and Cubis 2) and we've decided it's time for her to move on.  Her job can be very stressful, so she likes to pop those games in because they're simple and don't require very much thought. I'm thinking something kind of sandbox-y or timesink-y would be good, but Minecraft would be a bit too much effort and a learning curve. Also, she works on a laptop so she doesn't use a mouse.  She likes puzzle games but as long as they aren't too hard. "Nothing with timers, but running away from things is fine", she's said. She does crosswords and jumbles and such with paper and pen, so anything in that vein is good.  I know it's not very much to go on with just two games as a basis for suggestions, but I'd be screening the suggestions and be able to explain anything to her.  And don't worry, she's not entirely un-savvy, she knows how to use a computer and programs related to work, she's just never really played computer games. I think it'd just be fun for her to have something new.
[batman: arkham city, just cause 2]	Preferably something with an excellent and immersive story comparable to Red Dead Redemption. I'd prefer it for a PC (Windows or, pfft, Linux), but also have an Xbox 360, should it come to that.  As free as open world games are, they suffer from the fact that you are tethered to the ground. I'm not too worried about realism, as long as everything is cohesive, but I'd like a game where you have the ability to fly without it feeling like noclip has been turned on, plane or no plane.  I have played Just Cause 2, but powered flying comes at a price in that and the story's a bit wank.  Please tell me that there's hope! Thanks in advance.
[ive]	My gf will be out of state from September to January.  I consider this my last time getting to do some hardcore gaming before I settle into a permanent relationship.   What games have you had the most FUN playing?    The games I have: SC2 (was silver last time I played)  LoL (have level 26 profile.  Taric and Malphite are my favs)  Diablo PvP (I wish, someone make it come out)  WoW (never got past 1600 elo in 3v3 2v2 or 5v5, Holy Pally my fav)  Tf2 (favorite class medic)  I don't mind buying new games and my computer can run anything new.  Any suggestions?  Thanks in advance. 
[dragon age origins, dragon age origins, black and white]	Prior to a discussion with a moderator, I thought I'd open discussion here with this subreddit's users to get an answer as to whether this subreddit has actually been any use or if you think policy for other subreddits should change.   Currently, moderators of various top-tier gaming subreddits remove these sorts of posts and tell people to use this subreddit instead. My argument is that due to the low number of users here the quality of the suggestions is much lower. Anyway, instead of repeating what I have already typed here, I'll link to the thread in which I had the discussion with the moderator:  http://  What do you guys suggest, if not this seemingly useless subreddit? I'd love to hear some ideas so I could forward them to the mods.
[demons souls]	Hi! I'm new to this subreddit so I'm terribly sorry if I did something wrong; if I did I'll try and fix it as quickly as possible. That being said...  I have a ~$30 budget and a PS3. Right now, I'm looking at Demon's Souls, which has the pros of being cheap (around $15 on eBay), high quality, and very high replay value. Correct me if I'm wrong on those. The only con I see is that it is now ostensibly outdated by Dark Souls. My knee jerk reaction is to get Dark Souls, but that seems like it'll be more expensive.   Could anyone who's played both games or has more insight than I direct me on which way to go, and the reasoning behind that?  Also, are there any other cheap but good games I should be aware of? If it helps, I tend to lean way from FPS games and more to fantasy things, but I'm open to any suggestion.   Thank you!
[team fortress 2, this game, game on, tf2]	I've been gaming since the 80's and I've always played single player campaigns. I've tried multi-player a few times with things like Half-Life2 Deathmatch, Unreal Tournament, CoD, etc., all on PC. I have two problems with my multi-player experience: 1. I just get my ass handed to me over and over again. 2. I have no patience for the racism / sexism / homophobia in the communities I've encountered. I'm not uptight, it just spoils my fun.    Any suggestions for FPS / RTS games that have a reputation for great gameplay and a decent community?   **tl/dr; what's a good FPS/RTS multiplayer not chock full of experts and asshats?**
[doodle god, out there, magicka]	I absolutely love to play games with well-made elements of combining different items, abilities, etc. to create new things, usually with creative, unexpected results.  Some of these include:  * [Magicka](http://  * [Kirby 64: The Crystal Shards](http://  * [Doodle God](http://  * [Thaumcraft mod for Minecraft](http://  * [Dead Rising 2](http:// (to an extent)  Can anyone recommend games like these?
[minecraft]	Yes I let my Son play computer games; it's been pissing down with rain for weeks and it stops him from (completely) destroying the place!  They started off semi-educational, stuff like Crayon Physics plus everything on the [CBeebies website](http:// Then he worked out how to load my Steam games, Portal 1, Dirt3, War for Cybertron, Railworks Train Sim.  In Dirt3, he really just wants to explore, but obviously it keeps popping him back on the track. Any ideas? Obviously not GTA, but perhaps there's more child-friendly car driving that springs to mind?  We have also got a Wii, mostly used for Wii Sports and Mario Kart. So PC or Wii suggestions would both be useful :)
[battle for wesnoth]	Some of my favourite games and apart from the not yet released Skulls of the Shoguns and some rubbish and cheap looking, poorly reviewed advance wars clone I've seen on steam (the name passes me by but it was it being rubbish not that it was an Advance wars clone that put me off) I can't think of much.  I want a decent turn based strategy game like Advance Wars or a tactical RPG like Fire Emblem/Disgea/FF Tactics and so on.  Wakfu is in the right ball park but not quite there.  Is there anything else for PC out there?
[kotor]	I really enjoy games that have an engaging story and I also really like games set in the medieval time period or in a fantasy setting. I love the assassins creed games as they fit this criteria perfectly. Not to big of a fan of RPGs but rather like playing action/adventure games.  Just some games that I have played recently that I really enjoyed to give you guys a taste of what I enjoy:  * Max Payne 3 * Assassins Creed Series * Mass Effect Series ( RPG but simplied RPG which I dont mind ) * Arkham Asylum and Arkham City * SWTOR ( could not afford monthly fees ) * Half Life Games * Portal 1 / Portal 2  I am really running out of games to play that fit my picky requirements. I was thinking of playing Spec Ops The Line as I heard the story was awesome but I really want to play something fantasy or medieval times ( I want to stab someone with a sword :D ).   Any help from you guys would be greatly appreciated  Edit: I also really liked the Pharaoh game when I was younger and would love to play a game like that 
[dungeon siege ii, starcraft, diablo 2]	What about LAN games that do not require everyone also have an outside internet connection to start or play? Many of the games suggested in other threads still require outside servers to connect to for LAN play. What are some games that don't in any way require outside connection or authentication? Games where you can unplug the router from the internet, and host your own local server?  The first two that come to mind are Neverwinter Nights (if you want a RPG) and the Jedi Knight series. Old Half-Life and CS, etc.
[beyond good and evil]	I'm having trouble finding a game to play. I don't have a lot of money so when I do buy a game I'm really looking for the best bang for my buck. I'm open to any and all suggestions.   Let me name off a few games that I've played, beaten, and thoroughly enjoyed. I'm looking to games similiar to these.  Bioshock - First person shooter, horror, survival, creepy(almost scary at times), unique setting, and just plain beautiful  Resident Evil - First person shooter, horror, survival, puzzle element,  creepy, zombies  Zelda - Action adventure, puzzle element, beautiful, game play  Alice: Madness Returns - psychological horror, puzzles, unique setting, action adventure  Note: I have played and beaten SEVERAL other games but I just name off these because they are perfect examples of what I'm looking for right now. Other games I already have or tried include Fable, Medal of Honor, Halo, Half Life, Portal, Diablo, WoW, Skyrim, GTA, Red Dead Redemption, and many more.  Please help me find a game! I'm looking to spend up to 30$ and can be on an Xbox 360 or desktop PC.
[gears of war, ut2004, ut2004, ut2004]	There was one kind of game I wanted from the Summer Sale: An unrealistic  non-class based shooter. I guess I'm feeling nostalgic for the very small amount of Jedi Knight Dark Forces II multiplayer I did, or maybe some old school Halo.  Anyway, I'm pretty sure the Unreal Tournament franchise fits the bill. My question is whether I should get UT2004 or UT3? The graphics are not as important as the gameplay to me.  I guess it may be relevant to note that Tribes: Ascend is a little too fast paced for me (as well as being class based).
[point of view, fallout 3]	Hello. There seems to be a kind of sale on Steam at the moment. Included in this giant wallet-raid are Fallout 3: GOTY and Fallout: New Vegas respectively. I have realized that Fallout is something that i really, really should play at some point so why not save a handsome buck and buy it right now, seeing as they both are 75% off.  My question to you is simply this: which one should i get? I haven't played either of them and i don't know what the big differences (if any) there are. Simple logic would suggest that the GOTY of 3 with all its DLC would give me more bang for said handsome buck, but is the DLC any good?   I'd really appreciate you guys' insight in this matter so that i'll be satisfied with my experience. 
[fallout 3]	So, thanks to the Steam Summer Sale, I'm now sitting on the following:  Batman: Arkham City  Deus Ex: HR  Fallout 3  Fallout: NV  Saints Row the Third  The Witcher 2   So... where do I start?   Might help: I've had Skyrim for a bit and pick it up from time to time. I can't pick out specifically what doesn't draw me back in but after buying it I definitely know I won't be picking anything up for over $20 (and likely under $10 when I can get it, as you see from the list) anymore. I love the Mass Effect series.
[firefox, firefox]	Hey I was wondering what are some pretty games I can play on my new laptop. Its got an i5 and HD 3000. I know its not that great, but I'm looking for some really beautiful games I can play on it, gameplay is important too of course.   I recently was playing Romance of the 3 Kingdoms XI and wow, those graphics are stunning and they can run on a Pentium 3 with 32mb of memory. I wonder why more games aren't like that...  I already have AOE 2 although I don't consider that too pretty. Utaware isn't bad either. Heard homeworld was great too... didn't get that yet.
[fallout 3, diablo]	So Steam has Borderlands: Game of the Year Edition for $15 on sale, but they also have Fallout: New Vegas Ultimate Edition for $10. I want to buy one or the other.   I love any game with a good story and decent gameplay. I also love co-op when I can do it. That is really my only specifications on what I like in these types of games.  I want to know what /r/gamingsuggestions thinks of these 2. Which would you guys/gals choose?   EDIT: Thanks for Warriorccc0 and evesea for their detailed suggestions.  I decided to go with Fallout New Vegas over borderlands!  EDIT 2: Borderlands was $15 not $10
[just cause 2]	Well, im looking for a free roaming game but im having a hard time here. For references, im looking for something Borderlands/Crysis 1 - ish... I mean, in crysis you had one place to go, but you can get to that place in thousands of ways. And in borderlands, you could just run anywhere, explore and loot crap all around.  Im tempted to get STALKER Call of Pripyat, or Fallout New Vegas... Not sure of those thanks to the huge bug lists that stalks those games... specially Fallout (thanks to Gamebryo...)  Any sugestions?
[the secret of monkey island, day of the tentacle, adventure games, maniac mansion, grim fandango]	Hello, everyone.  Just yesterday I purchased "The Walking Dead" while it was a flash deal on steam, and I found myself enjoying it quite a bit.  In fact, it rekindled fond memories I have of and Adventure game I played quite a bit as a child on my old Game Boy Color, though the name and most of the content escapes me now.  As for my actual question: Could someone recommend me another Adventure game to play? Preferably available on Steam, but I wouldn't mind GOG either, really.  A note: I did also buy "The Secret of Monkey Island" the other day, but I'm not certain where it fits into the rest of it's series, and could put it off if there are other, more advisable titles I should play first.
[minecraft]	So tomorrow I'll be flying from Hong Kong back to the US.  I have an android phone (mine) and a windows laptop (company's).  I have a Steam account, but I won't have internet access on the plane and I don't have the Steam account installed on this machine.  I have both humble android bundles on my phone so I do have options, but looking for more as I can only play about a half hour of any android game at a time it seems.  So what I'm looking for is a game to eat up a good portion of the flight.  I would love an RPG for my phone, but know there's not a whole lot of those out there.  I could potentially install something from steam on my computer, but keyboard and mouse aren't exactly easy to use on a flight.  Any recommendations?  The other thing is that I'd need to be able to get whatever it suggested while in Hong Kong.  They're a little bit more relaxed in what they allow you to download, but I'm not 100% certain I'd be able to get my phone to the Google play store.  
[dragon quest, square enix]	I [asked a while ago about Final Fantasy-esque games](http:// and got the suggestion of The Last Remnant. I picked it up a few days ago off of GMG with store credit but the game's battle mechanics drive me absolutely nuts to the extent that I can't enjoy the game.  Whilst not a Final Fantasy-esque game Recettear is a JRPG but I already have that and am looking for further JRPG suggestions. I'd much rather that they're PC native than emulated.
[metro 2033]	Not long ago, I happened upon a gaming computer on Ebay that was within my low price budget. The seller custom makes each one, and I messaged him regarding the computer's gaming capabilities. I listed the games I would be playing on it, things like Skyrim, Battlefield 3, Minecraft, Team Fortress 2, etc. He stated that the computer will play all those games on high, and even play Diablo III on almost maximum settings. I won the bid on the computer, and recieved it in the mail. After setting it up, I tried playing a game my previous computer could not run at all; Metro 2033. I was shocked to find the game lagging severely, and running very slowly. It was impossible to play; I was having about 5 fps. I tried changing the settings to the lowest possible configurations and played again. No change; less than 10 fps and lagging controls all around. I tried it with Team Fortress 2; my previous computer ran it decently, but lagged often. It ran smoothly, but the images seemed blurry and faded, with some some lag bursts. I tried playing game after game on the lowest possible settings, each time the computer struggling to run them. I was severely disappointed.  After 60 days is up, I can not return it. It has only been around 7 to 10 days. Reddit, help me; Should I return it?  EDIT: Sorry, forgot specs. D'oh! Memory: 4 GB  Processor Type: Intel Core Duo Hard Drive Capacity: 500 GB  Processor Speed:  GHz Operating System: Windows 7  Graphics Processing Type: Dedicated Graphics Operating System Edition: Professional I spent about $430 on it. I was never really one for knowing a whole bunch about computers, and that one's all on me. I know Diablo III is a demanding game, but if this computer could even run Diablo III on low and I was told it would run on high, I would keep it. But it can't run Diablo III at ALL, let alone most of my other games.  EDIT: Thanks all, getting it returned and refunded. Thanks for reading and leaving advice!
[enslaved odyssey to the west, shadow of the colossus, shadow of the colossus, alice madness returns, alice in wonderland, colossus collection, 3d dot game heroes, modnation racers, rayman origins, playstation, darksiders, darksiders, mario kart, this game, minecraft, dig it, ico, ico, loz]	I'm looking for some advise on what game to try.  I've always been a Nintendo person.  My favorite system was N64.  I loved all the Mario Games, Legend of Zelda, Super Smash Bros, Golden Eye, etc.  Recently my husband bought a playstation 3 and all the games he got just do no interest me at all.  He got a few war games, some D&amp;D style RPG (which I like the concept of, I just get bored playing it after an hour), and a western cowboy game.  I was just wondering if anyone had any recommendation for games that may feel a little more like the games I played on Nintendo, especially something like Legend of Zelda.  So far the only game I've come across that looks kinda interesting is Dark Cloud.  
[windows 7 home premium, ddr3]	Hello gamers! I am currently looking for the best gaming PC for under $500. I am a complete nooby when it comes to PC's and was hoping someone with more knowledge on the subject could help me out. Here are a some prebuilt towers I found on craigslist. Would you recommend any of them? Thanks!  This first one is my friends  http://  http://  http://  http://  http://  
[mass effect, bioshock 1, half-life]	I've been playing a lot games lately where the narrative is basically the most important part of the whole. I'd like to continue doing that, but there's a couple of guidelines.   * Must be for PC.  * Must not be older than 2003.  * Must only be single-player.  * Must not be a JRPG.  * It doesn't have be "great".   I've looked at the lists of the suggested games in the wiki and I've already played most of the ones that meet these parameters. If you're wondering why not older than 2003, it is because that's when 7th gen consoles came out. The game can also be decent, it doesn't need to be considered groundbreaking or lauded for it's excellence. I'm fine with playing an average game, so long as the story is central.
[final fantasy: crystal chronicles, champions of norrath, x-men legends, gamecube]	I've been playing Secret of Mana on the Wii virtual console with my girlfriend recently and we are nearing the end of the game... and that's when I noticed that I don't really know of almost any other similar co-op RPGs, especially from modern times.   I'd like to find a nice 2-player co-op RPG (co-op is a must... don't want vs), most likely an ARPG. I have a Wii, a PS2 and a PC, but have been strongly considering buying a PS3 as well. For PC, it would have to be played on the same screen (such as split-screen), because I only have 1 PC that can handle most modern games.    I am familiar with Dark Alliance games and Champions of Norrath games for PS2, and those would be the right direction, I suppose, but something with a stronger story would be a definite plus. Minecraft is a no, sadly, as she hates it. I already own all of the 2D 2-player platformers for the Wii.      Thanks!
[black and white, eiffel tower, gta]	I love games that have a huge open world that you can freely explore, and choose to take part in missions or challenges if you want to but are not forced too.      Here are some of my favorites, please add your own suggestions:      FUEL   GTA 3 through 4   Just Cause 2   the Saint's Row games   Minecraft   The Elder Scrolls series, and Fallout 3 / NV   Burnout Paradise City      Thought of a few more:   Mafia 1 and 2   Infamous series   Crackdown series (? never played them though)      *edit: recommendations so far:*   Red Dead Redemption   Assassin's Creed series   Borderlands   STALKER   Terraria   Mount and blade warband   Prototype   Batman Arkham games
[enslaved: odyssey to the west, castlevania: lords of shadow, deus ex: human revolution, shadows of the damned, beautiful katamari, fallout: new vegas, deadly premonition, alpha protocol, eternal sonata, mirror's edge, just cause 2, dark souls, metro 2033, this game, this game, this game, this game, fallout 3]	I really like the Assassin's Creed series (though Revelations kinda made me sad), and Bioshock is my favorite game of all time. I enjoyed Fallout 3 but it took me a while to get in to and felt I didn't do enough exploring before the game ended (I don't mind back-tracking, but it just feels hollow after the main plot ends). My mom bought me Rise of Nightmares since she knows I like a bit of a creepy twist in my games, but it was way too "Saw-creepy" with all the gore and torture and stuff. I played the shit out of all the Sims games (with expansion packs) and Minecraft has peaked my interest, but my Internet refuses to connect to my Xbox so games that require live are out the window.  Anyway, given that information, anybody want to recommend a game or series for me to try out next?
[guild wars 2, this game]	As the tittle says, Ive been looking lately for a good MMOG but every single one of them that I tried are basically an infinite loop of *"Hey, as your first quest, please go to this cave and kill 5 bats [...] Oh, great, you killed 5 bats! Now you need a sword. Go to this mine and collect 10 pieces or ore. [...] Excellent, here get this sword. Now you can kill wolves. My wife died because of wolves. Please kill 20 wolves. [...] Oh my god, you are awesome. Take this money. And kill 50 orcs. [...] You are a god among men. How about going to this forest and killing 100 trolls?..."*.  I cant stand repetitive stuff... All I want is a game where I can talk to people and explore some places while killing stuff with more than just clicking the left mouse button repeatedly.  So... anything?
[city builder, tropico 3, cold war, simcity]	Hello Reddit!  It is the summer holiday (yes I am a teenager but I am mature for my age) and I want to celebrate by getting two new games. The thing is I have my eye on three games...  I want to stay away from the games that I usually have and try and branch out. I have looked at countless reviews for all three of my choices and I have came to the decision that I would like these games but I only want two.   FYI, I am an Xbox 360 gamer. So the three Xbox 360 games I would like are Tropico 3, Dark Souls and The Metal Gear Solid HD collection. Thank you in advance!  Edit/Conclusion: I have read all of the comments and the obvious winner in terms of consistancy is Dark Souls and Tropico 3. I think I will definately get them. Funnily enough I was actually glad when I saw the outcome so it was probably the right decesion. So thank you so much for helping and I guess I will post more descussions about these two games on a later date.   Thank you!
[team fortress 2]	I bought witcher 2 which is sadly below minimal requirements (yet still playable to a point) same with quantum conudrum. I just want a good PC rpg that I can run, I would preorder Dishonored but its 60$ and I cannot take a risk like that, I have nvidia geforce 310m, help me. I own Skyrim on PS3 yes its laggy but even though I passed the can you run it on PC I dont want to spend 60$ or 30$(on sale) for Skyrim unless its worth it (if I do I would trade in the ps3 one for a steam card). Help please! I currently play on my PC, Quantum Conudrum, Witcher 2, Metro 2033, and thats it for huge story based games. On my ps3 I play Rage, Crysis 2, Dark Souls, and Mass Effect 3. I just traded in fallout new vegas which in my mind might have been a mistake. But if the ultimate edition is on sale I may get it since It may be worth it since I did not buy any of the dlc. Thoughts?
[antichamber, antichamber]	I'm looking for a game that either deals with more than just the normal three dimensions, or in some way makes the game world [appear non-euclidean](http:// It doesn't have to be just like that link, but any kind of screwing around with spacial (or even temporal) continuity.  I am eagerly awaiting both Miegakure and Perspective.  For the record, I'm not really looking for games that merely have variable gravity (like Psychonauts' "Milkman Conspiracy"). I'm looking for more than that. 
[crusader kings 2]	I am a long time strategy game player: Civ, AoE, CoH, HoI, SC1 and 2, C&amp;C, Red Alert, Rise of Nations, Zeus,Total War, Anno, Warcraft 3, Dawn of War, and i'm probably missing a few. I love board games like Catan, Axis and Allies, and chess, which require real strategy. But reddit, I am dying for a new game to play. I want something with good deep strategy where luck is a factor, but it isn't the only factor. I want something where the game engine is deep and complex, but elegant and balanced. I just want an amazing strategy game, preferably with some military aspect, but this is certainly not a requirement. I don't want a game like AoE where I can mass units and then throw them at my enemy 30 minutes later and win every time. And I don't want a game like SC2 where everytime I play I get scared because I know i'm about to get crushed. Can you help a brother out?  TL;DR I need a deep strategy game for the pc or a board game.
[torchlight 2, diablo 2]	Getting used to the working life @_@ I have maybe 1-2 hours a day where I can fill with something.  I used to play League of Legends **a lot** but I'm starting to find it a bit stale. I've found myself to have a much smaller attention span than I once had, so this creates a bit of an issue as well.  I actually have a decent amount of games in my steam library, but I find it hard to start them because I tend to get bored quickly... or I end up feeling like the game is tedious and play it for the sake of completion.  As far as criteria goes, here is a loose list (Does not need to abide by all):   1. Would be fun to play for 1-2 hours a day, or even as little as half an hour?   2. Not a racing game   3. Not 100% skill based? (There are some times I just struggle too much with these and end up giving up, despite the game being great.)   4. Not something with a time based subscription.   +. Preferably multiplayer, I seem to be able to stick to these a bit easier.   +. Can drop whenever. If I need to leave the computer, I can just save and go.  As far as games that I've tried... I tried Minecraft and had fun for a little while, but after the server I was playing on crashed and I lost everything I didn't feel like starting up again.   I am currently playing  runner and enjoying it.   I have tried very few RPGs lately, but I have found that once it gets to the point of lots of travel and not much doing stuff, I get bored quickly.  I currently only have a laptop with decent specs (certainly no gaming laptop) and a Wii, but I wouldn't mind emulating.  If possible, I'd prefer to stay on Windows since I don't even have my Wii hooked up at the moment.
[3d models]	The title pretty much sums it up. I spent $80 on the steam summer sale and got a huge selection of games that I quickly got bored of. I'm constantly thinking of things I'd like to see in games, or game ideas that no one has even touched on yet. I know that these publishers won't go into the waters of unknown and will never see originality come from the triple A games. Indie games in my opinion are always the same, one unique difference and that singular difference revolves around the whole game.   I just had an idea for a racing game, that has been done before, but would like to present it in a whole new way. I know for a fact if I could get it completed it the way I wanted, it would absolutely revolutionize the genre. It would get huge and I know millions of gamers out there would appreciate this style of game.   If I could assemble a team of people, that could assist in development with out a doubt the core game could be completed in 6 months of not less.   The immediate problems I face with this, is a lack of funding, no design or programming skills on my part, and legal issues being I don't want any one to steal my ideas yet want to broadcast it to the world to gain their interest. I want to start a kick starter page, but the charisma required I do not have either. 
[sly cooper collection, ratchet and clank, jak and daxter, action games]	So since life's been busy a lot lately with work and everything... I realised I don't play the games I've bought on steam, why? Cause I have mostly bought games that take long to finish RPGs/Wrpgs (skyrim, Oblivion, Morrowind, Dead Island) etc. All blizzard games etc.   I have only one PS3 game though since I recently bought it and that's Battlefield 3.   360 games I've actually beaten. Alan Wake, Fallout 3 (when I finally had time and enjoyed it), Bioshock 1, 2. Batman Arkham Asylum and city. Nier (I enjoyed the various type of gameplay elements in it).   As you can probably see, I enjoy a lot of different genres. I got some ideas for ps3 games such as God Of War 3 and Ratchet and Clank trilogy HD pack. However, I want some suggestions from you guys too.   EDIT: I enjoy Orcs must die too, and the second one + Defense Grid
[final fantasy 9]	I used to play games my brother played back when I was younger. I think the only games I ended up getting really far in were FF10 and 8. I beat 10, and then 8, I got to Ultimecia but never beat her. Last summer, I went back, started 8 from the beginning, and beat it, then played 7 for the first time and beat it.  I was utterly engrossed. I'd play for hours every day, and it wasn't a chore. Video games have been a chore for me lately. I thought it was just cause I was getting older, but now I really think it's just related to the games I'm playing.  Just to clear up some common suggestions so nobody wastes their time with them...  I played Morrowind a ton years ago, and really loved it, but that's not the sort of game I'm looking for now. I never got any sort of strong emotional response when playing the game, it was just a really fun game to run around and explore and get gear. Oblivion and Skyrim fall into the same category, although I got bored of those after 100 or so hours.  I have The Witcher and TW2. I'm about 15 hours into TW and it's really fun, but again, not the kind of thing I'm talking about here. Maybe later in the game(s) I'll feel that more? I don't know...  **EDIT:** Uncharted 1&amp;2 (have yet to beat 3) made me relatively emotional at some points and I really enjoyed them, although they have nothing on the FFs I've played.  Bastion did this pretty well, but the game was too short and shallow for me to really get into the plot, but the ending (combined with the awesome soundtrack) made me cry.  Arkham Asylum/City were extremely fun to play, and I felt pretty engrossed in them, although again, I didn't get the "I am literally in tears when **(FFVIII SPOILER)** ~~Rinoa is about to die in space~~ **(/FFVIII SPOILER)** even though I have already played it once and *know* what happens." That kind of response is something I just haven't felt from very many games, and I understand that's a sign of an exceptional video game which are quite rare, but there have to be some other games like that out there.  Any suggestions?  Edit: Oh, and I have a PSX, PS2, PS3, and PC, as well as emulators, if necessary.
[adventure games, dear esther, dear esther, machinarium, botanicula, samorost 2, gemini rue, deus ex, hitman, myst]	I like games like Portal and Ico that transport you to different times and places. I really liked Bioshock except for having to kill all the splicers. I found it ironic that you are supposed to feel good about rescuing the little sisters while you casually murder everyone else you come across.  So I'm looking for games with good art direction and story, but that don't include killing humans as a primary game mechanic. It creeps me out. I've got no problems with shooting robots, aliens, monsters, etc. but I'm really looking for games where you don't necessarily need to kill every damn thing.  **Edit**: Thanks for the great suggestions. I'll try some of these out.
[to heart]	I've been gaming on my laptop(s) for the past few years, which means I usually don't get to go much beyond medium quality settings in most new games. Now that I have a job with steady pay, I'm saving up for a proper gaming desktop. So what should I get? I'd like something that I can play current games on high settings, and be future-proofed for at least two years.  I have a budget of roughly Rs. 60,000 (roughly $1100), but I have a good HD display that I intend to use as a monitor. Will this be enough, or do I have to keep saving some more?  Thanks!
[batman: arkham city, gta iv]	So I've got about 100$ in Play 'n Trade credit, and I'm moving in a few months. Can anyone recommend some good games to get for console, preferably Xbox 360?  *No Xbox Live, so multiplayer focused games are only for PS3. *I really liked Skyrim, so Open-World RPGs are probably a good choice. *Good story takes precedence over graphics, but the gameplay still has to be awesome. *I want something Normal-Hard, so no Dark Souls for me thankyouverymuch *Again, open world is VERY wished for.  I may edit with more specifics if they come to mind, thank god for reddit is fun
[little big planet]	Hi there :) If this is the wrong subreddit I'm sorry, but this one seems fitting.  My boyfriend is pretty much the best video game player I've ever seen. He likes to play things like Oblivion, Fallout, Borderlands, all that good stuff. And then there's me... I can barely get past a first level or temple or quest. No matter how long I play or how much I try I never get better.  I've tried my hand at a few games (with my boyfriend helping me along) like World of Warcraft, Star Wars: The old Republic, Terraria, Minecraft, Portal 2, and TF2.   But I'm not really great at them. I really do enjoy SWTOL and WoW, I even got a copy of Skyrim for XBox for Christmas and decided to break it out. I think what I really like is games that aren't super strict as to what you have to do.   What I'd like to achieve is a game where I can just play it, and get it without a significant learning curve (Imagine me playing League of Legends. Haha, never again). I understand getting used to a game but I just get very stuck and angry and ragequit. I also really enjoy adorable things (the turretts in Portal 2 are just so cute) and if the game has any little cute things like that, it's a bonus.   Thanks guys!  TL;DR: I'm looking for a not-very-strict game that I can play with my boyfriend and actually be good at it. :) (basically, nice beginner games)
[call of juarez: the cartel, aliens: colonial marines, earth defense force, payday: the heist, rumble roses xx, survival mode, crackdown 2, left 4 dead, out there, deadpool, xbox, xbox, xbox, xbox, xbox, xbox, xbox, asc]	2 friends and I are looking to play a few games that include co-op campaign.  Any suggestions would be appreciated. I have looked at Co-optimus, but it doesn't always go into detail about the co-op and how much of the campaign is actually co-op.  We have played through LOTR: War in the North and Borderlands.  PCs and Xbox 360 systems.  Thanks.   **EDIT**: Thanks for the replies, totally forgot about some games, it's been a while since we played them:  * Left 4 Dead (2) * Dead Island  And to clarify, online co-op.
[fallout: new vegas, assassin's creed, new york city, new york city, prototype 2, l.a. noire, las vegas, las vegas, total war, timeline, gta iv, los]	I'm playing through Fallout 3 for the first time and find the post-apocalyptic  environment very engaging. I know that it's not a carbon copy of modern day city, but it's cool to recognize the famous monuments and have some intuitive sense of where things will be. Unfortunately I've only ever been there as a tourist in real life (and not recently), and so I feel like a tourist in the game (getting lost and having to constantly check my map, GPS or *shudder* ask for directions).  So my question: what are some other games that take place in real-world environs (preferably open-world)? 
[left 4 dead]	Any good recommendations? My brothers are disabled in that they cannot do much physical activity without severe pain or fatigue. They naturally are attracted to computers and spend a lot of time using them and gaming, and one of the ways I can play with them (can't do sports) is using the computer.  I am a big gamer, but I've been searching for some decent co-op campaign type games (we are big minecraft players already, as well as left for dead) that I could play with them. Any recommendations/good experiences?   Indie games are fine, anything you think would be interesting. Also looking specifically for some FPS co-op.
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r., lone survivor, rule of rose, fatal frame, silent hill, cry of fear, cryostasis, cryostasis, just cause, crysis, .flow]	So me and my friend who is a girl decided to play some Amnesia. While the game is great and all, it doesn't have that huge scary effect that makes you think about everything you do and think about the consequences of your actions. Another game that we played was Slender. Slender was scary and all but we were fucking drunk as hell and it is only scary the first 20 minutes.   Any game that will scare me and my friend so hard that it will make us regret playing it ever again even if we play it during the day.   Looking for something with decent graphics for PC.
[dungeons of dredmor, minecraft, minecraft, roguelike, pick up]	As the title states, i'm looking for something with decent progression that doesn't involve too much attention to play while I study.  I'm at the video phase of my certification studying and there is about 20 hours of video to watch, much of it I don't need to be staring at while it plays.  I've been playing the hell out of Binding of Isaac but I feel I've gone about as far as I can, progression-wise.  I'm looking for something with no are almost no dialog, and preferably something that plays well in a window so I don't have to alt-tab.    I really like games where I feel like I am building my character more every time I play.  Got anything for me?  Edit: I've received some great suggestions so far!  For anyone else that has a similar request, here are the suggestions in list form:  * [Minecraft](http:// (I actually started playing this and now I can't focus on my studies...) * [Out of the Park Baseball](http:// * [Frozen Synapse](http:// * Torchlight [1](http:// [2](http:// * Diablo [2](http:// [3](http:// * [Fate](http:// * [Path of Exile](http://  * [Binding of Isaac](http:// (Currently playing) * [Nation Red](http://
[tomb raider: legend, prince of persia, prince of persia, another world, depth hunter, grab it]	Not so much the gameplay but **exploring ancient and deserted ruins?**  I really enjoyed the Disaster Report games on the PS2 also.. I just love games where I'm the only person (or one of few) in a large world and I'm in a remote location with rich ancient architecture.   Is there anything like this on the PC? I don't really mean stalker or fallout.  * [SotC](http:// * [Ico](http:// * [Disaster Report](http://;feature=related)
[planescape: torment, dragon age: origins, the witcher 2, mass effect]	*edit: I'm on 360 and PC*  Seeing as the title will probably be confusing, I'll go into further detail here. One of my abso-freaking-lute favorite games ever is the Shivering Isles expansion for Oblivion. In fact I'm fairly certain I spent more time in that than I did in the main story. Why is that, you may ask?  The thing I loved most about Shivering Isles is that it gave you choices. You could go down the path of the Demented, you could go down the path of the Manic, you could mix and match the two, and your choices were more for aesthetic (the Sacellum for example) and preferred boosts here and there (which units you command, which armor/items you get, how the Gatekeeper buffs, etc.) rather than changing the outcome of the game. You could play it over and over and rarely make the same choices twice if you so desired. The choices weren't "good" or "bad", they were "A" or "B" and the choices didn't change the overall story but rather certain elements of it.  Are there any other games that do that kind of thing? I would love it if there were, but everything seems to be about moral choices. Don't get me wrong, there are games I love with moral choice systems, like Fable II and III (yes, really), but I'd like to have my choices be more about personal preference and fun than whether or not I'm a dick to NPCs.
[valkyria chronicles, fallout: new vegas, final fantasy xiii, demon's souls, dark souls, fallout 3, disgaea 3]	Looking to get something from the PSN Store, or maybe Steam/GOG.  I like games with a progression system; I like having a carrot on a stick to chase after. Co-op and/or competitive games are fun too.   Platformers are right out. I'm also not a huge fan of loot-fests; they start out super fun, but the get really dull after about a couple of hours... I like the overall idea, but the tedium is kinds what kills it for Me.  I don't like point and click adventures. EDIT: I also can't stand fighting games.  I have an old 20g model PS3, so nothing too big in file size please.  Sorry if this is picky; I just want to make sure I'm giving a good set of criteria here. Thank you very much in advance, =D
[strategy games, medieval 2, medieval 2, total war]	Well, since this is my first time on reddit as a whole, maybe I should greet everybody. So hello there ;].   Lately, I've been interested in the Total War series - from what I've heard, they're solid pieces of strategy games. Thing is, I have no idea which one is the most fun - each uses a different time period, but does that have any impact on the game itself, besides giving it a different theme? Or perhaps they utilise it to gain a different gameplay mechanic? So, to all of you Total War fans, I have this question - which of those games would you recommend to a newbie?  Or perhaps someone would be nice and describe each of the series shortly? ;]  Thanks for all the answers!
[shin megami tensei]	Like most people, I loved FF7 and FF10, and I'm excited about some form of FF10 coming to the PS3. I realized recently that I miss that style of combat system. All these new games have gotten away from anything turn-based. I'm all for progress, but sometimes I'd like a throwback to the classics.  I was looking for a new game (2010-2012) that uses a similar combat system to what got me hooked on RPGs to begin with. I like how most intricacies are spelled out for me to quickly determine what strategy to use.  I almost despise these new games where I can't really figure out how damage is calc'd until I'm almost done with the game. Now that I have responsibilities and shit, I don't have the kind of time needed to invest in discovering why my badass weapons aren't bringing about the murderfest I thought they would. Some hidden effects are okay, but there's definitely a line that's been getting crossed a lot recently.  Also, I'll note that I'm aware Japan puts out a few of these games every year. However, most of these games aren't exactly my style. If there is one that doesn't involve a 15 year old kid and his buxom anime friends singing their way to justice, I might be interested in it.  While I'm at it, I'll go ahead and say that I also miss the definitive rewards for sidequests. A chest/accomplishment that I need to revisit/redo because the percentages weren't in my favor is bullshit. Once again, I ain't got time for that nonsense, give me my shit and let me get back to the game.  All suggestions are appreciated. Thanks.
[strategy games, jeanne d'arc, jeanne d'arc]	I work as a security monitor on the overnight shift which means it's dead slow but I have to respond to alarms the instant they come in. So I've been looking for turn based games since I don't have to worry about setting the game aside without time to pause or anything. I remember trying this wonderful game out on a friends PSP back in the day and loving it, but I don't really feel like buying a PSP just for one game. I already have FF3 on my android tablet and I'm looking to get a DS or 3DS to have Pokemon, so I'm looking for something like Jeanne D'Arc as well but for the DS. Help me reddit. You're my only hope. 
[shadow of the colossus, ico]	Basically I love Braid, Limbo, Portal, haven't tried Bastion yet (going to when I can get a good deal on it). Sure these are puzzle games, but I liked that all of these aren't so wacky and cartoony. Even though Braid is a straight up cartoon, the quality of gameplay, artwork, soundtrack and plotline all made for a very engaging game and story.   People told me to try Winterbottom and also And Yet It Moves, and while these games are fun, they weren't really dark or compelling or engrossing. Any ideas?    .  .  .   EDIT: So far the consensus is overwhelmingly Bastion, as well as Journey on PSN, Shadow of the Colossus/ICO collection, and of course, replaying all Zelda games ever (HEAR HEAR!). Thanks for the suggestions, feel free to keep them coming!
[sins of a solar empire, sins of a solar empire, endless space, endless space, endless space, galciv, galciv]	I haven't played 4X games in quite a while (like when Civilization 2 was new) but I always enjoyed [Ascendancy](http:// I am looking for a similar game that has been released recently with great graphics and game play.  Some specifics that I enjoy are  *Ability to customize ships  *Expansive tech trees  *Multiple routes to victory (Conquest, Diplomacy, Scientific etc)  *Real time space battles (as opposed to turn based in Ascendancy)  I use Steam primarily for new games and they have some options like [Endless Space](http:// and Legends of Pegasus and [Sins of a Solar Empire](http://  Let me know what you suggest!  EDIT: What expansions for your recommended game do you also recommend or avoid
[neverwinter nights]	Hi I'm currently looking for an mmo/rpg pc game for my low end laptop. It has HD Graphics but the lower end of it so I can't play high end games like Guild Wars 2. So what games should I try out?  Please don't mention LOL, SC2, Diablo 3, GW2, Everquest, Counter Strike, and etc.  I do prefer for it to be free and if it is F2P without any restraints. If it's really that good of a game then I'll be willing to pay for it but not with monthly payments like how WOW does it.   Other things I'm looking for.   - High player base  - Has high replay value  - Something I can play for a year at the most  - Doesn't require a super good graphics card
[my life, nwn]	Hallo folks!  I'm looking for a good dungeon crawler game. Let me start off by defining what I mean, as I've seen lots of threads elsewhere with some misconceptions.  The kind of Dungeon Crawler I'm looking for is first-person. They can be randomized ( Dungeon Hack), or static ( Eye of the Beholder, Legend of Grimrock, etc). They can be turn-based (Legend of Grimrock) or real-time (Might and Magic 6-9).  Games such as Diablo, Baldur's Gate, Icewind Dale, Planescape: Torment etc are fun games, but they're technically different genres from the dungeon crawl games I'm looking for.  I can run Mac games, some older PC games (Via Parallels), and have a PS3/Xbox 360/Wii/iPhone and iPad. A good game for any of those systems would be lovely. :)  I have Might and Magic 1-8, Legend of Grimrock, Wizardry: Labyrinth of Lost Souls, and have played Wizardry 8. I also have Oblivion/Morrowind/Skyrim (which kinda count).  Anyone have suggestions I've not covered here?
[super metroid, castlevania, kirby, dkc]	I had an SNES when I was a kid, but I was too young to really appreciate it - I got it in 1995 and I was only five years old, and barely had any games for it - really, I only played the Donkey Kong Country games, a bit of Link to the Past, and Super Mario World before moving on to the N64 which was and still is my bread and butter.  While I've played a few SNES games over the years, there are still a lot I haven't played and recently I've started getting into them... for some reason when I play 2D games I tend to gravitate towards the NES, not sure why, but for the most part I play a lot of early 3D titles.  I'm about to start in on Yoshi's Island, which I've played a tiny bit of before but never truly experienced, which is an utter shame... but now I'm correcting that. What are some games I ABSOLUTELY have to play that are still great in 2012?  A few notes:  I've played/beat Super Mario World, DKC 1-3, Link to the Past, Super Metroid and some others I'm failing to mention, but just because a game is well-known don't shy away from it because there's a good chance I haven't played it or at least not played very far into it.  I'm not really interested in RPGs. If you must suggest them, then go ahead, but I probably won't be interested. I got pretty far into Final Fantasy "III" but it just wasn't my cup of tea and I was forcing it the whole way through. I've played Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy "II", etc. but I never cared for them. I did enjoy Super Mario RPG, though I preferred its spiritual successors in the Paper Mario series.  I should also mention I usually like platformers. And thar's lotsa platformers on that thar SNES, so if you know some good ones send 'em my way.  Also, I'M ONLY ONE MAN so primarily multiplayer titles won't really do much for me, as much as I love Mortal Kombat.  So please, suggest away! :) Even if it's obscure, weird crap that only you love... and please say why. I'm looking to get a list of titles I should play, and although I've played many SNES games here and there over the years I want to get a list of interesting games and give each of them a SERIOUS go.
[star ocean, sci-fi]	I've been on a space opera kick lately, but there are not really many games for the genre.  At all.  KOTOR 1 and 2 I JUST finished for the first time, so replaying them is out.  Mass Effect 1 was good but I've beaten it too many times already, and ME2's writing enrages me.  I haven't played ME3 as I am certain I'd despise it (not a fan of new BioWare).  I have asked around and I haven't found anything.  To be clear, I'm looking for something set in space but not actually science fictiony (and especially no cyberpunk), and character driven.  I guess what I'm really looking for is another iteration of Hero's Journey with lasers. I'd like to get my last bit of mindlessness before I head back to finish my degree in September.
[mirror's edge]	As the title says, I'm looking for games that focus mainly on jumping, as opposed to attacking enemies or anything else. The only type of game I can think of that utilizes jumping like that would be a game where you have to jump through obstacle couses of some type. If anyone knows another game that isn't necessarily obstacle coruse based but where the large majority of the game is on jumping, like a game where you kill enemies but are mostly jumping around through stuff, then I would be interested to hear about that too.  Some examples I have are the jump maps in [Urban Terror](http:// and the race maps in [Warsow](http://, both of which are Quake 3 mods. I think the game Mirror's Edge would be a good example too, though I've never played it.
[galciv]	I'm a huge fan of the empire building games like Civilization, and it's been forever since I've gotten a chance to play one. I recently checked out [Endless Space](http://, but I can't run it on either of my computers. So I started digging, and I found several good games... that I can't run on my bare-bones PCs that "I'll only use for school work and never for games." So much for that idea.  Master of Orion II and Galactic Civilization II both look really interesting and I've heard great things about both of them, but I can't make up my mind. I know they're both older games, but they look like just the sort of thing I've been looking to scratch that 4x itch. So: suggestions?
[ancient rome, total war]	I'm a PC gamer and my favorites at the moment are dwarf fortress, kerbal space program, spacechem if the mood takes me, Minecraft (with the tekkit mod), some skyrim, some cities xl, a lot of civilization.   I used to be into eve but have some what lost interest mainly because the groups I'd play with fell to pieces, I tried WoW for a while but never really "got it".   Basically, I like empire building and complexity, preferably in some kind of sudo-social kind of way.   So I come to reddit, what should I play?
[portal 2, tf2]	Guys, can you recommend games that me and my girlfriend could enjoy together when she comes over? I'm not speaking about multiplayer, and not necessarily co-op, but just something that we'd enjoy playing together, and something that isn't boring to watch or could require a spectator's interaction. Recently we played Limbo and we had a blast with it, but it's over and we need another options.   Braid sadly isn't an option, I already passed it and she didn't really like it.   EDIT: She doesn't have a PC so games that require heavy mouse and keyboard skills, or keeping track of many things happening at once, should be avoided. 
[dark messiah of might and magic, drakensang: the river of time, fable: the lost chapters, ascension to the throne, neverwinter nights 2, planescape: torment, dragon age origins, dragon age origins, betrayal in antara, the last remnant, final fantasy 8, divine divinity, beyond divinity, space rangers 2, game of thrones, dragon's dogma, alpha protocol, dragon knight, septerra core, the dark eye, dragon age 2, dead island, jade empire, arx fatalis, dark souls, anachronox, wizardry 8, nethergate, geneforge, this game, avernum, deus ex, deus ex, kotor, kult]	I just built a gaming PC (not top of the line, but I'll add in the specs later) and I have been playing World of Warcraft for a year and a half now. I also just got Guild Wars 2 and have been tinkering with Team fortress 2 and Tribes: Ascend. Minecraft is also on my list of ownership.  My dilemma is that I tend to jump between games, I always want to do something else when I start playing one thing. I either need to get a ton of games or just find that one special game that will give me the same thrill as WoW did the first six months I played it.  So, If you would submit the name of games you enjoy and what makes them great (no spoilers please), that'd be great.  TL;DR I need some PC game suggestions.  EDIT:Formatting.
[lord of the rings war in the north, dark messiah of might and magic, drakensang: the river of time, fable: the lost chapters, ascension to the throne, planescape: torment, betrayal at krondor, legend of grimrock, dragon age origins, dragon age origins, betrayal in antara, shadowrun returns, crusader kings ii, the last remnant, hard to be a god, final fantasy 8, divine divinity, beyond divinity, space rangers 2, game of thrones, dragon's dogma, alpha protocol, system shock 2, costume quest, dragon knight, septerra core, the dark eye, dragon age 2, jade empire, arx fatalis, dark souls, anachronox, wizardry 8, nethergate, geneforge, this game, avernum, deus ex, deus ex, kotor, kult]	Ok Reddit gamers, maybe you can help me out.  I'm looking for some game suggestions for what seems like a dead/dying genre.  I've been longing for a game that I can play and get completely lost in.  By that I mean that I want to be set loose in a huge world with lots to discover and adventures galore.  I don't want my hand to be held or things to be extremely easy.  I'm not a big fan of leveled enemies or loot.  I don't mind having my ass handed to me by a giant that I shouldn't have messed with.  Games I've played that may be similiar to what I'm looking for are Might and Magic 6, Daggerfall, Morrowind etc.  I want a game that I can get lost in if I'm not careful.  A game where I can spend hours wandering and continue to be enthralled by a huge realized world.  I played Skyrim/Oblivion and some other modern RPG's but I haven't been real impressed by much lately.  I have all current and many old consoles as well as a decent PC setup so just about any suggestions are welcome.  Where should I start my next adventure?  Any suggestions are greatly appreciated!
[the world ends with you, play the world]	I'm looking for a new DS game to play, as I've been lacking those for a while now. Any suggestions?  Suggestion guidelines:  * No sports games (except Mario sports games. Those are kind of fun.) * No games intended for small children * Japanese games are welcome, but if they're text-heavy and don't have a fan translation then I don't want them. Can't read Japanese. * I will probably say no to most suggestions, as I've played way too many games for my own good, so probably only the most obscure suggestions will be unknown to me.  Thanks in advance!
[warcraft 3]	My son wants to play multiplayer games with me, on the LAN at home. He's nine, but pretty good at gaming. He's played Portal, Civilization, the old Star Wars X-Wing sims, Homeworld and a few others. He learns quickly.  He wants to play against me more now; I'm primarily looking for things like FPS and flight/space sim games. He likes games where we can work together or we can fight each other. We played a few games of Civ on hotseat, and he loved  as a team against the AI, later on our own.   We allied for a while and then he turned on me. Sneak attack with tactical nukes from subs right off my coast, the little....
[global agenda, halo reach, jetpack]	I am a huge huge fan of Global Agenda, but it appears to be dying.    (Hi-Rez, the developer/publisher, failed to address cheating  than banning anyone who mentioned,  complained about it, in their  in combination, led to a mass player exodus.)    It got me hooked on jetpack combat.  However, with an uncertain future, and a dwindling player population, I think I need to be looking elsewhere for my jetpack combat thrills.  Can you recommend any other first- or third- person PvP shooters prominently featuring flight as a core game mechanic?   Please limit recommendations to games already released (unless you've got a beta key for me).  (I'm specifically thinking of Firefall, , it looks like development there is flailing.  Sigh.)  Also, please don't recommend Tribes, as it's the jetpack I like, not the skiing.  I prefer using cover and interesting vertical maps to simply moving really fast, and Tribes has the opposite emphasis.  What other games allow me to strap on a jetpack and rain death from above?
[dark messiah of might and magic, drakensang: the river of time, fable: the lost chapters, ascension to the throne, neverwinter nights 2, planescape: torment, dragon age origins, dragon age origins, betrayal in antara, the last remnant, final fantasy 8, divine divinity, beyond divinity, space rangers 2, game of thrones, dragon's dogma, alpha protocol, dragon knight, septerra core, the dark eye, dragon age 2, dead island, jade empire, arx fatalis, dark souls, anachronox, wizardry 8, nethergate, geneforge, this game, avernum, deus ex, deus ex, kotor, kult]	Lately I haven't been enjoying games nearly as much as I used to.  I used to be able to just play games for hours at a time but now I get bored after playing anything for more than 30 min.  I just want some suggestions on great games that you all enjoy that can get me back into it because I miss playing games that I can really enjoy (I have a ps3).  I mainly have been an RPG and sports games type person but I just don't enjoy those genres as much anymore for some reason.  Any and all suggestions are welcome.
[this game]	I had my sister over last night, and we wanted to play a racing game. I popped in GT5, and it looked great.. But, between being head-to-head only and the realism of the driving, it got frustrating quickly. Either she spent most of the time hitting walls and spinning out or I had to drive a car so slow that it wasn't fun for me. Same with Forza 2.  So, this is what we decided we are looking for:  * Decent graphics and ratings in reviews * Something that we can play as split screen but also have other AI controlled vehicles in the race with us * She mentioned wanting "shortcuts" like in the games we played as kids, things that benefit the racer in last place a-la Mario Kart * Not Mario Kart. We both love it, but we want a newer game. * Not as realistic physics as GT/Forza. I am certainly no pro, but it would be nice if we didn't take 25 minutes to lap the Nurburgring.  We are 28 and 21. We have both a 360 and a PS3 available to us. I'm doing my own research now, but would love input from Reddit. 
[trine 2]	My girlfriend and I are looking for some games to play together. We'd like to have some PC games to play when we aren't together, and some console games to play when we are. Between the two of us, we have all three consoles. Anything that isn't going to take a lot of work to get into will probably do, because it takes her a little while to pick up a game sometimes.  I've already suggested Magicka, Dungeon Defenders, and Orcs Must Die 2 as a few suggestions for PC games, but we haven't settled of anything yet.
[borderlands 2, borderlands 2, borderlands 2]	I'm turning 22 tomorrow and got some money to spend from my parents to buy my own birthday present. I've been putting some thought into purchasing a PS2 and playing all my old favorites again, but I decided I would ask you guys. Right now all I have is an Xbox and a Macbook that I use to play WoW on. How do you guys think my $250 should best be spent?  EDIT: So I've been told several times I need to give some more info to get some decent suggestions. Really what I like right now is a good arcade title. My friends and I play Minecraft 360 a lot, and while I'm not playing that with them, I pass the time with Magic 2013. When it's not arcade titles, I've mainly been replaying a lot of my old favorites lately. Just finished up Brutal Legend for what must have been the seventh time. My paltry game collection at the time consists of Skyrim, Mass Effect 3, BF3, and SSX (more EA titles than I thought in that).   As far as my Mac, like I said it's mostly WoW but I do have a few other Steam games, mostly from the Humble Indie Bundle that came out a while ago. Just finished Lone Survivor and thought it was fantastic. But my favorite by far was Bastion. Got it first when it came out on arcade and still think it's the best XBLA title to date.   A small list of games I consider my favorites, from the beginning of time to now, in no order: LoZ: Majora's Mask, SSX3, Brutal Legend, Bastion, Castlevania:SotN, Kingdom Hearts Series, Final Fantasy XII, ICO/SOTC, Marvel vs. Capcom 2 (though I wasn't that good), Ratchet and Clank: Up Your Arsenal.  Hope that helps a bit!
[planetside 2]	Hey guys, I've been hunting for a good game for a few years now after some of the games I played took a wrong turn. I'm hoping for F2P, but P2P is okay too if there's a trial.  MMOs:   + Nice (mature) community   + Over the top skills/abilities (take a look at Dekaron/2Moons)   + Grinding   + No AH (Personal shops are nice)   I've enjoyed RuneScape (around 2006) and Dekaron the most out of the MMOs I've played.  FPS':   + Fast paced   + No cash shop with OP things   + Bunnyhopping   I played Enemy Territory for a while, and I think that's the closest I have ever been.   Thanks. :)
[super mario 64]	*My priority is PS3 but I'm grateful for suggestions for anything. Sorry for all the text but I thought I should be thorough.*    I'm a 23 year old girl, and I'm sort of new to 'proper' gaming. I'm not even sure if this is something that will stick.   I had a SNES and a PS1 growing up and only had all of the Donkey Kong and Mario games for SNES; Gex, Spyro, Crash Bandicoot, Harry Potter and Tekken for the PS1. We were poor, I felt grateful just to have the consoles at all. Anyway, I immersed myself in them, and I do love playing video games.   I never learnt to use joysticks and I have some trouble with them, they don't come naturally to me but I'm trying. I find a lot of games on newer consoles pretty hard because of this, but I'm hoping practise will fix it.   * I have a SNES again now and don't really know what games to get for it, other than having rebought the ones I grew up with.   *   I have a Wii but only have New Super Mario Bros, Donkey Kong Returns, Animal Crossing, Paper Mario etc.   * I have a N64 but no games as of yet. I've never played this console, so I don't know what is good or not.   * I have a Gamecube, same deal as the N64. It has never left its box. I don't think I've ever even touched one or seen one plugged in. I know nothing.  * I have a PS1 and PS2, only game I have is Tomba.   * Nintendo DS, only braintraining games and Cooking Mama.  * PSP, no games.  * Gameboy Advance, no games. * SEGA Genesis, no games. I liked Aladdin and Ecco for this, but I was maybe 14 at most last time I played them.   * I didn't mind but didn't particularly like Doom for the PC, same with Penumbra. Loved WoW, Limbo, Princess Maker, Angry Birds etc and like Facebook gaming (please don't judge!) other than the social aspect.  * Bought a PS3 today because I love playing on my sister-in-laws. Got Heavy Rain, LA Noire, Assassins Creed and Bayonetta because I know I love them from playing hers. Also got Infamous, De Blob, Dynasty Warriors: Gundam 3, Little Big Planet and Ratchet and Clank because I had to start a collection somewhere and they all looked interesting. Debated getting Lollipop Chainsaw and Tales of Graces F but decided I was taking enough chances with my money for one day.    TL;DR - looking for games on a variety of consoles, I'm not terribly good at anything post-SNES yet but I'd like to try. And I'm awesome on the SNES. Last controller that ever felt natural.  **My favourite games are Limbo, the Donkey Kong series, Mario series, Heavy Rain, Prince of Persia, Assassins Creed, Bayonetta, Little Big Planet, LA Noire, Crash Bandicoot series and Harry Potter series. I love platformers and sidescrollers. I'm not social so I don't even know what is out there, so please don't leave something out because it seems obvious or 'what everyone says/knows'**  Thankyou in advance :) 
[game boy, nes]	I'm going to Africa in January for a year and a half.  I want to get a system because I'm sure there will be times of boredom.  It will have to be a handheld or laptop.  I've kind of gone through some thought processes with these:    3DS - Zelda, KH, Animal Crossing, Pokemon, and a whole bunch more long-lasting games that could never end (like AC)  Vita - Monster Hunter, Final Fantasy, and other great RPGs including PSone classics.  Laptop - Skyrim and countless other games as well as emulators for old systems.  I have a Mac but I would buy a dedicated gaming computer.  My Mac has most Pokemon games emulated as well as some N64 games.     What would you suggest I get and is there any games you would recommend for the system of your choice?    Btw, I love RPGs, not a big fan of shooters (unless Fallout/Boarderlands) don't like sports games.
[dungeons of dredmor, fire emblem]	I posted this in /r/AskReddit and it didn't fare so well, so I'm hoping the gaming community here will be a bit more helpful.  My room-mate teaches seventh-grade English at a middle school with a student population that can sometimes be hard to reach. He has a student who is smart but isn't motivated to sharpen some of the skills he needs, mainly comprehension of and extrapolation from written text, critical thinking skills, and arithmetic skills. My room-mate figured that he'd try, instead of telling the student to put down the video games and hit the books, to play video games to give him an academic boost. His thinking is that a balanced approach with formal classroom learning combined with controlled gaming might help this student improve.  My roomie asked me if I knew of any games that might fit the bill, and after throwing out a few half-assed suggestions (Brainage?), I thought I'd see if I could get help here.  Please be aware that I don't know what platform/console/capabilities for games this student has, as my roomie has promised to find this out for me tomorrow.  Any help you can provide would be much appreciated! 
[dawn of discovery]	A conversation with a friend sparked this long time reddit lurker to finally create an account and make this post.  What kind of games are out there that essentially work as economy simulators.  I know games like Roller Coaster Tycoon are there to try your  hand at running a particular business, but that's not quite hitting it right on the head.  In my head I see a game where you can manipulate a budget, allocate moneys where you see fit, work with the supply chain, etc...  Is there anything really out there like that.  Ideally, it would be robust enough to function as a learning tool in a high school economics class style setting ( in other words entertainment value is secondary to the goal of the game, input affecting output is the true point of the game).  Anything out there like that?
[dungeons of dredmor]	I am a huge fan of strategy RPG games such as Final Fantasy Tactics / Fire Emblem series and was wondering if there were any good PC games similar to those. Also I played through the 2 Y's games that are on Steam (Origin and The Oath in Felghana) and loved both of them, they were challenging but also rewarding when you finally got around to beating the bosses. I even bought Ys Seven for the PSP and loved that game, but I am out of ideas. I already have tried games like Dark Souls / Skyrim and while they were fun, I got bored with them fairly quickly for whatever reason. Does anyone here have any fun indie RPGs I could try out, that are worth the money?   Thanks all!
[spelunky]	There's a certain sort of road-trip feeling that goes along with games like Star Fox 64 or Contra.  In games with this sort of road-trip feeling I'm talking about, there's this real feeling of risk and survival. For example, in the original Starfox 64, you're mission is to get from the start point to the end point in on session, because, as far as I know, there's no way to save the game while playing. As a result, when you die, you're sent back to the beginning of the game. With this in mind, there's this feeling of a risky road trip, where anything could happen. Not only is it risky because it's unforgiving with losing all your lives, but there are other variables that can affect gameplay to be harder or easier. For example, one of the teammates could die, Slippy could get lost, I could lose or totally OWN a boss and as a result, branch off to a different path because of it.  Take a game like Contra, it also is like a huge road trip, lose all your lives and you're dead, starting back at the beginning, a bit more linear than Starfox but you get the point: there's a high risk involved because you aren't easily forgiven for running out of lives.  Also, one type of game that can be like this is Limbo. You have unlimited lives in Limbo, but it does that huge road trip thing well by adding all those different variables like in Starfox, not variables that lead to different paths, of course, but variables that change the environment and gameplay. The thing I liked about Limbo was that the environment varied enough to mix things up, and make it seem like you kept on entering different parts of Limbo through each chapter, but because the art style and gameplay stayed consistent throughout the entire game, instead of feeling like many disjointed fragments of an environment, it felt like different parts of the same environment. You were constantly traversing through a world that kept on changing, bringing about unexpected challenges at each turn for you, mixing things up constantly as you moved through an linear, but interesting path.  Any other games that just feel like one huge road trip from point A to point B?  Games that don't take breaks in the action short or even no cutscenes but just focus on forcing you to continue until you reach your destination?   Thanks for any answers in advance. :)
[street fighter 4]	So my roommate's birthday is coming up in about a month and he is a serious fighting game junkie. He plays Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 for long periods of time, and used to be huge into Street Fighter IV for the 3DS. I've also heard him mention that he enjoys beat-em-up style games, like Double Dragon or Final Fight. Unfortunately, he's pretty picky about his games, as he can't stand the rest of the MvC series and got seriously bored with Street Fighter X Tekken.  If it helps, he's also planning on purchasing Pokemon Black or White 2 and Kid Icarus Uprising. We own a Wii, PS2, PS3, N64, and he has a 3DS. Neither of our PCs are good for gaming.
[castlevania: dawn of sorrow, elite beat agents, diddy kong racing, pokemon conquest, gta: chinatown]	I have played a lot of games for advance / DS and I haven't touched the thing in awhile, but I am going to need it during a potentially long commute for a new job. Are there any good fighting games? Here's what I have played already:  New Super Mario Bros  Phoenix Wright Series  Advance Wars Dual Strike  Chrono Trigger  Exit DS  Scribblenauts  Pokemon Platinum  KORG DS  SNK Card Fighters  Some weird Mega Man that was open-world (hated it, wondering if there are any "Normal" Mega mans?)  Also, is there any way to get SNES ROMS? I have an R4. Thx!!!
[lara croft and the guardian of light]	Greetings one and all,   Setup:        My wife and I love to play games together it helps us feel close to one another and we enjoy spending time  together in that way.  Well we used to play WoW together but we both quit in the summer of 11,  Lately we  have been playing tower wars but the gameplay has been getting stale because I am not that good she has  been killing me with Zoombots and i just can't get the maze up fast enough AND get far enough ahead of her to  kill her without doing a full zoombot rush as well. Which leads me to my question reddit.   Actual Question:       What would be a good game for my wife and I to play together either PVP or co-op is fine.  List of games that we have played together and enjoyed:  WoW  Team Fortress 2  Tower Wars  Puzzle Fighter  Mario Party 8 &amp; 9  Magica  Super Smash Brothers Brawl.  Edit: added to the list of games that we play.
[guild wars 2]	Pretty much what the title says: I'm looking for an online game (probably an MMO) to play with my girlfriend.  I've played quite a few (EQ, WoW, CoH, and EVE more than any other), she hasn't really played any.    More than anything else, I'm looking for something with good mechanics that allow people of different levels/gear to play together.  I remember City of Heroes had a system that levelled you up or down to match someone else, but that game is going dark before too long.    What more modern games have a good level-matching system?  Bonus points if they're easy to approach.  Playing EVE together is out of the question!
[deus ex]	I've been looking for a new RPG for my PC. I've heard great things about Deus Ex (Human Revolution), good things about Mass Effect (I'll be starting from the first game), and tolerance for Alpha Protocol, but I haven't been able to clearly differentiate them enough to make a decision.  What would you say are the primary selling points and differences between them? It's a pretty safe bet that I'll eventually play all three, so I'd like to get your opinions on these games.  Sorry if this question seems like I just haven't done my homework. I've really tried to figure out the differences between the games but apart from the settings and a few mechanics (Deus Ex's inventory/augment system, Mass Effect's romance options, etc.) I can't see anything that would sway me toward one game over another. It blends together for me because they seem fairly similar overall in my mind.
[frozen synapse]	I often like to play a simple or slow-paced game while I am doing something else like watching TV or studying. The best example would be of course Solitaire, but I have found a few other games like this:  Magic The Gathering: Duels of the Planeswalkers     Canvas Rider     Blood Brothers (Android)    Pokemon/Pokemonium    Bejeweled (certain modes)  All these games don't have any time limit or pressing need to continue, and simple controls. That means I can easily flip from what I am doing to the game for a moment or two and then drop the game where it is and go back to what I was doing originally.   I'm not a casual gamer, but I do enjoy casual games. So tactical turn-based games or casual whatever is ok. It just has to run windowed, and be relatively resource light and able to be muted.  Anyone else have good suggestions for games like this? Besides the obvious card games (blackjack, poker, etc)?
[great deal]	I played  Noire and I really enjoyed the first few cases. It was fun to investigate the crime scene, interrogate witnesses, look for clues or inconsistencies in the suspects' stories, etc. After a while, though, it became too easy since, if a clue was irrelevant, the main character would say so and, if it was relevant, a note would be added to your journal. Also, every case relied too heavily on lie detection and you could solve just about every case by reading people's faces correctly.  I would really like to play a similar game but one that is more difficult. One where it's up to the player to put the pieces together and try to make sense of the clues he might find rather than having the relevant clues be added to your journal as soon as you found them.  I've heard of the Sherlock Holmes games but have never tried them. The reviews aren't terrible but aren't overall encouraging either. I wonder, can anyone recommend a challenging mystery game, preferably one that is adult-oriented and has good writing?
[metal gear solid, mgs4, mgs4]	I've always either had a Nintendo console or, in the last two generations, an Xbox, so I've never played any of the Playstation exclusive games out there. I'm thinking of getting the 250GB $269 PS3 later this year, so what games should I get? I'm thinking of picking up the Metal Gear HD series at some point, and I'll probably also start the Uncharted trilogy. I'm also thinking of picking up Heavy Rain, Journey and the Shadow of the Colossus/Ico pack. Is there anything else I should pick up? One of the big reasons I'm looking at the PS3 is to play The Last of Us and Beyond: Two Souls when they come out, (and it will also be nice to have a Blu-ray player without getting a separate set).
[ultimate spiderman, spiderman 2]	Having just played through Arkham City and now playing through Arkham Asylum, I am really impressed at how good a job these games did at bringing Batman to game systems. I'd like to try more in the super hero genre but aren't at all interested in online games like League of Legends.   Ever since the PS1, there have been a slew of Spider-Man games and I never played any of them because I could never keep straight which ones were crap and which ones were reviewed well. I'm only willing to go back as far as the PS2 or Xbox1 at this point, but please recommend me some Spider-Man games that were well-executed and fun to play.  Especially appreciated would be any comments about why a particular game should be on my to-buy list, or if I ought to play them in any particular order.   Also welcome are suggestions for other games in the super-hero genre, from the same time period, which are primarily single-player and stand out for high quality and fun.  Thanks!
[wild ride]	I'm going to be honest with you - I really really did not enjoy the original Borderlands, so I had no interest in getting the sequel. But the trailers and gameplay videos are... convincing me, so to speak. Not to mention all my friends are getting it. I feel as if I had 3 friends to play with, it might be more enjoyable - but ANY game is fun with friends. So... I dunno.  I really like cinematic, epic singleplayer shooters - ala Deus Ex, Half Life, and Mass Effect. I hate loot grinding, and I bloody hated Diablo III. So if borderlands 2 is a FPS diablo, I might not like it.  I dunno. If I got it for free I'd definitely play it.
[dungeons of dredmor]	I've already played all the old Civ series, Theme hospital, Zoo tycoon, Simcity, and pretty much all the strategy Kongregate games :p  I'd like to find a game (no matter if its a retro one) that has good replay value and most importantly (but still optional) I'm looking for a game with a pretty deep diplomacy system, that works as a sandbox about how players interact between them. CIV is a good example of this.  EDIT: I also like RPGs, thinking about downloading Baldur's Gate. Any suggestions on that line?  **I really need these games to be Windowable.**   Thanks, reddit!!
[the sims]	So here's the deal, I've been searching high and low for any game meeting a certain requirement that my wife wants in a game.   If anyone has played the Rune Factory or Harvest Moon games, you're aware of the dating/romantic elements of these games. Her and I (mostly her) have been looking for a game that just strictly free-roam dating and relationshiping. Probably closer to Harvest moon elements she's looking for (since you could actually go on dates in that game), but the concept is the same: Small item giving, increase affection, rinse repeat.  That's pretty much it. I know it's not a lot, and she's been enjoying the RF HM games for what they're worth, but she seems to want a game with only dating elements and free roaming (so no Japan dating sims, too heavy on the text for her).  Just a quick question, probably not going to find anything but if anyone has an opinion it would be appreciated. Thanks!
[strategy games, tactics ogre, kartia, fft, fft]	I mean games on the FFT style, but perhaps something with more depth, good and unique class concepts, lots of spells and stuff, something which  really puts an emphasis on the strategy.  I've tried lots of them, Fire Emblem, Disgaea(though it was the DS one, that is supposedly not as good as the others), etc. But none of these really "caught" me as much as I wanted, so, do you have any ideas of what game I might be looking for?  The platform would be PC, including anything that can be emulated, thanks in advance.
[guild wars 2]	I've always liked MMO's the concept and all seems very fun, But most of the time I've tried playing its usually the same boring shit, the community is never very engaging for the beginner and the solo quests are boring, So what I wanted to know is that whats a good MMOG? I want to play one where uhh whats the right word... playing is fun? and the community is nice? I played WOW almost 2-3 years ago and it was fun, it was a bit hard finding a good person to play with but I still had fun. However when I tried playing it earlier this year there was no challenge at all, the fields were more or less emptyish and it just wasn't fun anymore. I'm a bit broke so if possible a free option is good too, but thats not a priority. edit: when I say fun I mean like in L4D where you if you play stupidly you get killed but playing with a group with a challenging difficulty is fun.
[minecraft]	Until Peter Molynuex cracks open his cube and reveals the proceduraly generated living digital world I can play in, I need to find this game. But I can't find it.  I've stumbled onto Neo scavenger's wonderful world of survival and crafting.  I've been playing with the alpha build of Towns and Gnomoria.  I've loaded in every mod of survivalism and crafting I could find for Skyrim. I scour kickstarter daily for a chance someone with skills is trying to build this thing I can't find. I even thought of going back to sims.  Please tell me this game exist, or is about to so I can throw money at it.  
[knytt stories, minecraft, toki tori, irisu, nes]	So, I've been living with a friend of mine who regularly comes and watches me game and asks me all sorts of questions about them but she's never actually played one besides Portal (which she had a hard time with due to not being familiar with first person control with a keyboard and mouse).   Another problem is her laptop's basically nearing obsolescence, so I've been scratching my head thinking of something that wouldn't be too much of a challenge for her controls wise and would still run on her laptop. It should be fine for something like Minecraft, and I'm going to show her FTL to see if it grabs her attention. Can anyone recommend some other titles? Any help would be greatly appreciated!
[guild wars 2]	I'm somewhere in between competitive and casual so I'm looking for something that will give me some decent PvM while PvP is still rich. I generally don't mind Team PvP but I'd prefer mostly 1v1 matches. Note that I'm not looking for an FPS, I have enough of those. This also includes click grinders or games where it's just click on target, execute skill, potion, another skill, repeat.   The last PvP MMO I truly enjoyed (before the Devs destroyed it) was Lunia. I spent hours in practice field trying to figure out combos, learn ones people already figured out and practicing various maneuvers. In PvP, air combos were generally the most important thing since you could virtually "infinite" somebody if you were good enough to hold onto a combo for that long since there is a massive damage decay if you continue to hit somebody in air for a while. Otherwise, being able to maneuver around the stage to try to "catch" someone was also pretty tricky and fun to keep in mind while avoiding them as well.  Before that would probably be NosTale since it was pretty fun strategizing as I ran around to see when would be a good time to execute certain skills or figuring out how much time I'd have to get a combo in and run out before I'd be caught.  I noticed that people say Dragon Nest is decent for PvP but I feel that it's too simplified and quick. A 1v1 match usually ends between 2 to 5 minutes and the combos are mostly just mashing skills one after another after "catching" somebody which isn't too hard.   I've tried Rusty Hearts PvP except 1) there's barely anybody who PvPs on it and 2) holy monkey, the laggers.  Edit - I also forgot ot mention I really loved Infinity Online. It was pretty balanced and micromanaging was pretty unique to use counters/supers/dash.  What I really love about PvP in IO and Lunia is how a really skilled Lv1 can beat a maxed level pay2win/high level with great gear from PvM player.
[rise of nations, civ]	I'm not even sure if such a game exists, but I'm looking for a city building game similar to Sim City.  However instead of starting out in the modern day, I'd prefer it if you started in the stone age and through gathering resources, doing research etc., like in Civilization, you eventually build up to the modern era. Think Civilization, but where the goal isn't to rule the world, but instead to just build up a civilization or city with Sim City like gameplay.  I hope I've provided a good enough description of what I'm looking for.
[simcity]	I'm in the mood to try a new game and was wondering if you guys might be able to help me find something fun.   I like sandbox games and games that allow multiple types of victories. I'm a big fan of Tropico, where I always set the political side of the game to easy and the economic side to difficult and enjoy building my island into an economic powerhouse. I also like the exploration/colonization/development aspect of the Civilization and Age of Empire series, but get really frustrated with the combat aspect - I do not like it when victory boils down to who can crank out military units the fastest. I much prefer to focus on economic and scientific advancement.  I'm not picky about setting - historical, fantasy, sci fi, realistic are all okay - but it must be PC or browser based.  Thanks in advance for any suggestions!
[ratchet and clank]	So far I'm searching out:  * The Kingdom Hearts series * The Metal Gear Solid series * The God of War series * Shadow of the Colossus/ICO * Katamari Damacy * The Final Fantasy Series (currently have XII)  What are the obvious ones that I've missed, and the less-obvious ones that I've never heard of? Much appreciated!  EDIT: Also since its backwards compatible with the PS1, I guess those would be great too (if I can find any of them)!  EDIT2: So I visited my local video store/s and managed to track down the following (all for about $5 each):  * God of War 2 * Ratchet and Clank 3: Up Your Arsenal * Oni * Final Fantasy X * Kingdom Hearts 2  Thanks for all the suggestions, but some of those games are hella expensive and hard to find. May take a while.
[civilization 5]	My wife and I have moved in with the in-laws for the month while we close on a home.  My father-in-law is about 2 years retired and the guy plays Solitaire ALL DAY.  I seriously want to improve this guy's gaming quality of life.  Please pass on some suggestions on PC games that I can load for him that he might enjoy.     Important to know about him:   * 62 year old Chinese guy who sometimes struggles with his English * loves sports betting, horse racing * likes strategy, building things (pretty handy), cards, a little into history * his PC isn't terrible (decent RAM, graphics, speed)  thanks!!
[jet pack, ive]	it seems most of the posts here are people looking for a certain type of experience. a game like X but with Y elements, and a setting like Z, etc. but hey, we are  think most of us can appreciate all kinds of games without being so specific, as long as the game is fun and worth picking up.   so, I thought, lets make a thread where people can suggest some lesser known games. it could be older games, indie games, anything that maybe didnt get the marketing it deserved. only real requirement is something that everyone under the sun hasnt heard of allready, and you got a deent amount of enjoyment out of it. 
[metro 2033]	I need a game that isn't boring and has some story to hold me in its grip.  Lately I have tried many games and didn't finish most of them. I need something new.  Here is a list of games I have finished: Oblivion, Skyrim, Half life 2 (played trough but didn't enjoy that much), Alan Wake (again same as above), Mass effect (enjoyed the whole trilogy, but the first was the best), Mass effect 2, Mass effect 3, dragon age, portal and portal 2.   Now lets see what games I have already tried and didn't like or just couldn't finish:   Bastion (didn't like repetitive bashing of enemies, just clicking mouse 1 over and over again), Fallout and New Vegas (I just didn't like them, don't know why), Borderlands (didn't seem like it had solid enough story to compel me to keep playing), witcher and witcher 2 (felt like I had tried so many other fantasy rpg games at the time that it felt like a repeat). I am sure there are more and I will say them when you suggest them to me.  I know, I am a picky guy, but I can't help it. If I am not enjoying the game I see no point trying to force myself to enjoy it.  
[team fortress 2, guild wars 2, mass effect, left 4 dead, half-life, fallout 3, out there, deus ex, lotro, kotor, ddo]	When I was 4, I started PC gaming by playing Tribes and Tribes 2.  The only other games I played on the PC were Battlefield 2 and some Sim Theme Park games when I was maybe 10.  The most recent thing I've played on a computer was Runescape, and that was when I was 12.  But since then, I've been on the 360.  I'm 18 and have sunk about $700 into a computer and the games I have right now are Civilization V, Portal 1 &amp; 2, BF3 Premium, Tribes Ascend, Borderlands 1, and Minecraft.    Are there any games out there that you guys consider to be great games that everyone should own?  I just don't know what games are good since the Xbox doesn't have nearly as many, let alone the same games as PC's do.  Any help?
[revenge of the titans]	I'm fiening for a new TD game I haven't overplayed yet. Busted out some of the Final Fantasy crystal chronicles or whatever it's called on the Wii earlier and looking for something like that to play again.  I'm still really burnt out on   Desktop Defender  Dungeon Defenders  Starcraft 2 maps (6 months last played about and I don't think they've remade the good ones from SC original yet)  Orcs must die did not seem appealing and neither did Sanctum    I'm going to go try to beat my records on Bloons TD 3 while waiting for some responses. My favorite SC map was ....  I so forgot the name, but it was bunkers and a huge map, with lights out and you stacked them in lights off mode.   
[the binding of isaac]	I recently got into PC gaming and was just wondering what are some the best that the PC has to offer? Preferably games from about 2007 and onward, but if it's truly fantastic then suggest away  Here's a list of what I already have  Arma 2 + Expansions, Battlefield 2, Red Orchestra franchise, Total War except napoleon and shogun 2, Pretty much every source game, Men of War, Civ 4+5, Swat 4, Thief 3, Mount and Blade franchise, Company of Heroes, Rainbow Six 3:RS, Rise of Nations,  SoC, Tribes Ascend   Edit:  CoP
[dawn of war]	I'm a big fan of customization and personalization in games. No matter the genre, if it has something that can make my experience unique to me i will enjoy it. Character customization and development is a big thing for me in most games, but i am not sure there's an RTS that would fit this..   The ideal game would be something like.. the gameplay and type of world of Civilization mixed with a customizable person.. whether it be a King/Queen.. a commander of an army.. or president of a country.. if i'm able to develop my own character while in control of everything else.. i'd be happy.   i'm hoping it's not too long of a shot, but i've been craving an RTS with a little more personalization. i hope someone can help 
[batman: arkham city, spec ops: the line, the walking dead, sleeping dogs, binary domain, metro 2033, metro 2033, fallout 3]	So, I made a thread earlier where I asked for immersive games. I didn't like almost any of the games that were offered, but thanks for trying to help me. I said I am a picky guy, only the best for me. Well, I decided to try spec ops: the line and just finished it. I did like the story but I almost had to force myself to play the game to the end becouse the gameplay was extremely repetitive and I was tired of just ducking and shooting. I would give it a 7,5/10. Still, not bad from me. I would give half life 2 5/10, that's how picky I am.  Well, now I need a game that has a decent enough gameplay that it doesn't feel repetitive and a good story that will keep me hooked trough the game. So no point and click type of stuff, or old rpg games.  Here are games that have been already suggested to me and ones that I will not try or have tried and didn't like that much. It is gonna be a long list with games that you probably loved, but don't hate me for it.  Brothers in Arms, Call of Duty games, The Walking Dead, dark souls (yeah, like I would finish that...), Metro 2033, Torchlight 2, Knights of the Old Republic I &amp; II, Silent Hill series, Dragon Age 2, Sleeping Dogs, Driver: San Francisco (and all other driving games), Deus Ex: Human Revolution (and deus ex), bastion, fallouts, borderlands (both), witchers, vampire the masquerade, max payne (all 3), bioshocks, assassins creeds, half life 1 and 2, batmans, alan wake and morrowind and older TES games. Also baldurs gate and games like it. Oh, and kingdom of amalur. I will ad more when I remember or if you say something that I have tried already or immediately know I don't like.  Here are some that I have played trough: ME series, DA origins, portals, braid, spec ops: the line, skyrim, and oblivion.  So, I don't truly even believe that I will find a game that I do enjoy ( although I did like the line which was suggested last time). I just wanted to show you how hard it is for me to enjoy most games. And yes, I have always been this picky, it is not a "phase" for me.
[hl2, hl2]	I've gotten burnt out on pseudo-modern FPS games that seem to be dominating the market.  Maybe it's part of being obsessed with the weapons of the era or just hating modern games because all the weapons are fully automatic and have at least thirty round magazines with little to no recoil.  There just seems to be more natural balance in WWII games, or maybe it's just because I grew up playing so many of them that the way the guns work has been hard wired into me.  Anyway, I'm just wondering if there are any WWII shooters that I've missed since like CoD:WaW and MoH:Airborne came out.  I loved CoD:WaW, it was the last CoD that I thoroughly enjoyed and I still play Nazi Zombies from time to time.  Airborne was pretty much just silly, but enjoyable to play.  Currently I've returned to playing Day of Defeat  and I dabble a bit in the Darkest Hour mod for Red Orchestra.  I loved the Forgotten Hope mod for BF1942 and have never been able to get BF2 to run on any of my systems, so I've never been able to play FH2.  Since I started Windows 7 64 bit I have not been able to get BF1942 and FH to run.  I did play Sniper Elite V2 in desperation, but that game is bullshit (WHY DOES THE G43 HAVE A 7 ROUND MAGAZINE?!)  Basically I like shooters that at least attempt to be realistic (damage, recoil, etc...) and have a decent selection of guns - I still believe that any game with the FG42 is instantly brilliant.  So I don't know, are there any maybe less mainstream games that I didn't hear about.  Are there any mods out for major games that are WWII themed?  My desktop will run just about everything, hardwarewise atleast, I seem to have trouble with some older games on Win7 64.  Thanks in advance.
[sins of a solar empire, sword of the stars, sword of the stars]	I've been playing Civ for some time now and I already have all the Total War games (except for Empire and Napoleon, are they any good?), but I wanted to try something else.  I am already planning to get all the grand strategy games from paradox, but besides these, could you guys recommend something else? maybe other 4X games or other grand strategy games?  It doesn't need to be turn based game, but I prefer more slower games because they tend to be more complex/have more things to do and also I am not a big fan of action focused games (starcraft..) and space things, but i could try something different.  Thanks!
[mass effect]	Hey r/gamingsuggestions! Recently I started looking for a new game I could play during my vacation. I really enjoy the RPG-genre with certain shooter elements (like Fallout , Call of duty to an extend). I do not care if it's a modern shooter, but the main weapon should be something that shoots (I would love to have something like Assassin's Creed just with ranged weapons)  Please don't suggest anything that has horror components in it (like Stalker or Metro2033) since I am very sensitive in that fact  Thanks!
[eve online]	I play primarily RPGs, but feel free to suggest any genre that fits. I prefer PC games, but also have a Wii and 360.  Okay, so what I'm looking for are games that allow for trading/investing. Fable 2 and 3 are good examples...instead of grinding for gold, I could buy and rent out houses and earn a passive income that I used to build up my financial  buy better gear.   In Escape Velocity Nova, I could spend the entire game just finding trade routes and building up a fleet of merchant ships to build up wealth. Or I could just go blow up a space station.  Recettear: An Item Shop's Tale was almost entirely buying/selling, but also had dungeon crawling, so that was a really good fit.   So basically, I'm looking for games that have the option for building up wealth through means other than grinding. I'd love to be able to buy/sell/trade/rent to earn the money to fund my adventuring lifestyle. I love RPGs, but it's also nice to be able to take a break from exploring and dabble in empire building. Any ideas?
[planescape: torment, baldur's gate, the witcher, dark souls, two worlds, this game, star wars, star wars, gothic 2, deus ex, kotor, bg2, bg2]	I really need a game that I can just sink hours into, in a sort of roleplay-esque way. A good modding community is always a plus! Games I've played, and enjoyed, in this vein:  * Deus Ex, Deus Ex: Human Revolution, * Morrowind (&lt;3), Oblivion + Expansions (and Nehrim), Skyrim + Expansions, * The Witcher 1 + 2, * All Valve games, * All Dawn of War games, * All GTA's, * Two Worlds (60+ hours in this game is my shame), * BioShock 1 + 2, * System Shock 1 + 2, *  games,  and my favourite:  * Planescape: Torment. More games like this would be a blast!  I'm posting here because I don't want to sink money into a game I'm going to play for a few hours, finish the campaign, sigh, and go back to redditing.   
[back to nature, harvest moon]	*(I'm on PC and 360)*  I adore the *Animal Crossing* franchise; it's a fun little open-ended community simulation where you can do as you please. However, if you didn't play it regularly, the game would more or less "punish" you. Since the in-game world is in real-time, if you let it sit too long, things go to pot and people start hating you for "abandoning" them. And that always made me feel like crap.  Are there any games with similar elements but without the guilt? Or at least less of it? I love the concept of an in-game community and interactions in an open-ended setting, but I don't want to be chastised or penalized for not playing every single day.
[red dead redemption, gta]	I have assassins creed: brotherhood and love it because of the ai population, it's not just you and the enemies but also the local population. I also have borderlands 2 but, don't get me wrong I love it, it is nearly always only you and the enemy. So i'm looking for a game that has a lot of immersion, preferably free roaming with a lot of choices. So apart from assassins creed, GTA, borderlands and the whole Bethesda line of games (Fallout, Elderscrolls), are there any less well known games but still which are incredibly immersive? If you think you know of one but it doesn't follow my criteria, post it anyway, I'll look into it anyway.
[katamari]	This sounds weird even to me, but recently while playing various game I realized that I enjoy hoarding items and inventory management. For example, I recently played Resident Evil 5 co-op with a friend, and the most fun was breaking boxes, picking up items, managing our inventories together, trading ammo, combining herbs and upgrading the weapons.  I also enjoy this in the monster hunter games, where if you wanted to, you could just go collect things and turn them into potions, or whatever else.  So basically, are there any games you guys can suggest that have some of these features? Preferably on PC or easily emulated, but I'm open to any suggestions. I'm also not biased against any specific game type, but I am pretty afraid of RTS style games. Obviously the game should have other elements, since collecting things for no good reason would probably be boring, but I'm open to try anything really. Also, I've tried and do not enjoy Minecraft. I've also played all of the recent fallout / elder scrolls games and D3.   no, I don't hoard things in real life. 
[total war]	Really I'm asking for personal recommendations but I'm sure other people would be interested in hearing about the same thing.  For the last 6 years I've had a Mac + PS3. I haven't really taken advantage of the PS3 at all (played Oblivion, MW2, Assassin's Creed, God of War) and I've played SC2, Portal/2, and CS:GO on my Mac. Other than that, I haven't really been paying attention to games because PC is my favorite platform and I knew I wouldn't be able to play them.  I just build myself a great gaming PC and I want to catch up on what I've been missing. I went through the Steam top sellers in my favorite genres, Action and Adventure, and wish-listed the ones I'd heard were good just from being around gaming (here it is: http:// But I know there's a ton of hidden gems that I've missed over the years. What games have you loved that haven't gotten any coverage?
[dragons online, guild wars 2]	This may actually get difficult. I really want to play a free MMORPG on my computer. I love RPGs; I have literally beaten all of the quests in Skyrim 4 times (only 3 times include Dawnguard), have played Pokemon and grinded my Pokemon to level 100, etc. I also love playing multiplayer games such as Halo and Madden. Unfortunately, I am also constantly searching for something more that will completely dominate my videogame world (aren't we all?). I feel like an MMORPG is the way to go. I downloaded Lord of the Rings Online, but even after eight hours of play, I came to the conclusion that I just cannot care about my character, no matter how much I love LOTR and would love to explore Middle Earth. I deleted the game from my computer, and before I do this again, I would like to hear Reddit's opinion. So. Lay it on me. Am I just too picky? Is ____ what I am looking for? Should I just beat Skyrim again?  Thank you for your honesty, no matter what it is, in advance.
[the legend of zelda: a link to the past, super mario world, crash bandicoot, super mario rpg, final fantasy, trip world, mario kart, this game]	Hi /r/gamingsuggestions,  I got a Nexus 7 tablet recently, as well as the accident protection plan. Because of the plan, I have no qualms about letting my younger cousins play with it. I know they'll want to because they already love playing with my phone. The youngest is five, the oldest is 10. They're all girls. What would you suggest?  I can install any of the emulators that are develloped for Android. Here's a quick list.  Gameboy Color(GBC)  Gameboy Advance(GBA)  Nintendo(NES)  Nintendo 64(N64)  Playstation(PSX)  Sega Genesis(SEGA)  Sega Game Gear(SEGA)  Super Nintendo(SNES)
[give up]	My brother and I are big gamers so she figured since she's stuck in bed for a long time she'd try one out. But she's very picky and I'm a little unsure of what to give her.  * She has to have great graphics. She just acts like I'm crazy when I play older games so I'm not going to make that leap.  * She wouldn't be able to handle something with a lot of resources to manage or a complex sci-fi world (she can't keep Star Wars straight). She's just not used to that sort of thing. She's a big animal lover, so can't involve hurting animals.  * She's a very creative person and really enjoys mysteries, especially true crime or supernatural/religious. She's also a nurse and enjoys medical mysteries as long as they are accurate. She also likes Superhero movies, mostly for the light-hearted action and the idea of super powers.  * I don't think it should be a game that depends on constant QTEs because she might not be able to stay focused because of other things going on. She also specifically said she doesn't want The Sims - I'm guessing because of the graphics being not hyper realistic but she didn't specify.  * It can be PS3 (old model so can do PS2/1), Wii (but can't involve a lot of movement, because the bed can't shake or it will hurt her), or PC. I think she'd do better with a controller so I'd prefer PC controller enabled. I have an Xbox360 from home so I can bring over the controller but I'd rather not bring the console because I'm taking a bus and it might get damaged/stolen.  * [Edit] One additional thing - she is very into art, particularly impressionism and realism. Modern/surrealism is not her style at all. And she grew up in England. Something with beautiful nature scenes like the English country side might draw her in.     I was thinking  Noire, but I'm not sure if it's something that is very intuitive (I think I heard people complain about needing a guide at parts?). Is this a good one and are there any other suggestions?
[battlefield 3, xbox 360, xbox 360, only if]	Okay, some background story. My boyfriend and I have been together for two years. He loves video games with a passion.  Last year I moved away to go to another college. Completely broke, he decided to sell his beloved xbox to get money to come see me for Valentine's Day. So its been a year since he has really played anything at all. But I think League of Legends helped with that.   Anyway, for Christmas this year I want to surprise him with an xbox. But I'm totally lost when it comes to these things, so I need your help. What kind of xbox should I get him?
[dear esther, heavy rain]	Hey reddit!  Some time ago I got to play Dear Esther and shortly after that also Stanley Parable. I was absolutely enchanted by the way their creators experimented with storytelling to create something completely different; little works of art presented in the much underappreciated medium that is video games.  Does anyone know any other games with experimental storytelling? To be honest I'm not that much into gameplay and more into the *experience* of the game, very much how Dear Esther had virtually no gameplay as such.   Any good game like that which comes to your mind - please let me know. You will have my (almost) eternal gratitude.
[super scribblenauts, drawn to life]	I've seen her take interest in games, but only the basic, unoriginal web games similar to Farmville or games that are too easy, like Nintendogs.  I think she can step it up one level, and I'm willing to help her out in any game she needs guidance in. Any suggestions for a game that will help expand her knowledge/make her more creative? To put it bluntly, she's kind of stupid and I want her to have the same experience that I had when I was her age.  She has a 3DS and can use a Macbook from time to time, when my parents allow it. I'd like the suggestions to fit these systems.  Thanks!
[this game]	One problem I had with Skyrim and Fallout was that after ~30-40 hours, I had killed several major antagonists, accumulated enough gold to buy several cities, and was really wishing I could just hire somebody to do the side quests. So here's what I want: Preferably open-world, preferably 1st/3rd player actiony, but most importantly the ability to equip &amp; build up forces to take over the map. Suggestions?  TL;DR Basically, instead of saving Skyrim from dragons and getting jack-all for it, I want to unify it under my bloody heel. 
[shadow of the colossus, ratchet and clank, assassin's creed, metal gear solid, beyond two souls, jak and daxter, the last of us, demon's souls, call of duty, future games, gears of war, gears of war, dark souls, dead space, heavy rain, god of war, ico]	I don't post on reddit often so forgive me if this post is completely out of place. But I recently came into some money and want to purchase either an Xbox 360, Nintendo 3DS or a PS3. I'm posting here to see if I could be persuaded into buying one of these based off of things I may have overlooked (Future releases, great games out now, great games from the past that I haven't played etc). I have had a 360 in the past, so I have played most of all those games. To give some background as to why i'm torn between the three, I absolutely LOVE halo, that being said Halo 4 comes out in three weeks and I would love to play it. Problem comes when I don't really care about xbox aside from halo 4. Afaik, that is the only game on xbox from now into the foreseeable future that I would care to play. I want to buy the 3DS because there are currently around five games I am very interested in playing (Kingdom Hearts: Coded/DDD, Pokemon Black and White 1/2, Final Fantasy: Theatrythm). But what concerns me is the online community/capabilities for the 3DS and it's games, I enjoy a multiplayer experience, and i'm not entirely sure if 3DS beyond those few games will garner anything worth my money. Finally I would enjoy a Playstation 3 for Dust 514, the Uncharted series, Little Big Planet, and I know the game the Last of us is supposed to release next year, along with Playstation all stars and a remake of Kingdom Hearts, But aside from those I have no clue of any other playstation exclusives that really pique my interest, or are definitely worth the purchase. To give you some specific concerns, Console life (is it actually worth it to buy one of these this late into their development, should I just wait for the next gen?), are games like pokemon big online for the 3DS? (Player battles, trading etc). Are there any Xbox 360 exclusives that I have just completely overlooked? A plethora of more, but if most of you read this it should be ample information.  TL;DR - Xbox 360, Nintendo 3DS, Playstation 3. Which of these three are my best bet for purchasing right now? And why.  PS, I realize it's a brick of text, I apologize for that. 
[know how]	I have always been a huge fan of being able to collect things, and then selling them back to gain more money to upgrade myself in some way. The absolute most fun I have had with this is in the game Spore, in the space age when you can collect spice from your colonies, then sell it to various other star systems. Some spices were more rare, and some colonies would give different prices for selling them. I really enjoyed doing this, and then building my empire in that economic way. So, what other games are there that employ this as a game mechanic? Maybe a game where that is the main mechanic, instead of just an accidental method? Or should I just go play the stock market instead? Any help would be greatly appreciated!
[swat 4]	I quite enjoy the basic gameplay of the Rainbow Six series. Issuing squad commands while engaging in firefights is my dream come true in video game format. Lately, I've been looking for more of the same, and would like your help in tracking down some tactical gems.  My own search turned up the Brothers In Arms series. I've got my finger on left click, hovering over the 'Add To Cart' icon, but I wanted to ask my question here first before proceeding. I would be buying the BIA bundle (includes Road to Hill 30, Earned in Blood, and Hell's Highway for $ but wondered if this same deal was available elsewhere for cheaper, and of course if the games were worth it or not.  I'd also like to hear some other suggestions. Games that emphasis cover, tactics, and teamwork get priority. The game doesn't necessarily have to be an FPS for that matter (I liked what I've seen in gameplay videos from Company of Heroes, for instance).
[dragon quest]	This is going to be a bit more discussion-y than suggestion-y I feel, but still.  A while ago I beat the *Oblivion* expansion *Shivering Isles* for the eleventy billionth time, and I still found it very satisfying; I save it for the end and "retire" there to become the new Madgod. I also beat the *Knights of the Nine* add-on campaign, which was a good story but I didn't see any real need for it in-game.  Then I remembered that when I played and beat *Morrowind*, more often than not I ended up spending more time in Solstheim with the *Bloodmoon* expansion than the main game. And with *Hearthfire* just out for *Skyrim*, I may actually end up playing both of those (but it hurts my eyes).  This got me thinking: what are some other expansions/add-ons/spinoffs of other games/series that are as good as the main game, if not more so? What expansions or spinoffs have you enjoyed more than the title they came from?  Yes, I do play games other than Elder Scrolls, it's just my favorite series.
[strategy games, total war, pick up, civ]	To my surprise, I've enjoyed the new XCOM: EU way more than I expected. I wasn't even sure I'd buy it considering I never got into the originals, but now I've already spent 72 hours with it. With the first XCOM, you're just immediately thrown into an overwhelming number of menus and gameplay systems. While I appreciate the depth, I don't like having to spend hours learning how to play a game before I can even get into it. The new XCOM, while it may not have the same endless depth as the originals, eases you into the mechanics and is very easy to jump right into playing. What are some other strategy games that you can pick up and start playing immediately? I'm especially interested in turn based games from the last decade or so and hopefully ones with multiple facets of strategy and tactics, similar to XCOM's base and panic management meta-game layered over squad based missions. It's not a genre I tend to play much, and I'm wondering if there are other games out there I'd enjoy like I have XCOM (also enjoyed Civ 5).
[spelunky]	First of all, I apologize if I posted this in the wrong section, wrong content, etc. New Reddit member here, so please let me know if I do something wrong. Off to my question:  I'm a guy who likes to multitask. I have ADD, and I cannot enjoy just watching a movie or series. Like many other people I have a dual monitor setup (or well, a laptop and a monitor), where I use the monitor to watch something and my laptop screen for browsing, reading news, etc. But there's only so much time you can kill on Reddit, 9gag, Slashdot, and so on and so forth. In the past I've played a lot of Minecraft, Wurm and a lot of other games, but I've gotten a bit tired of those to be honest.  Can anybody suggest a game that's either playable in a browser or a client that I can play that's enjoyable? I've looked at a LOT of browserbased games, but unfortunately a lot of those are turn or resourcebased, or just aren't any good fun.  Edit: I've had somebody recommend Dwarf Fortress, FTL and point and click games. Looking for more games, preferably ones that you don't need sound/music for to be able to play.
[dragon age origins ultimate edition, atom zombie smasher, battlefield 3, mass effect, guild wars]	I've been lurking for a few years now, and finally decided that it was time to join.  That being said, I'm just looking for some information as I've been out of the gaming loop for close to 8 years now.  So to the reddit community:  What are the differences between Steam and Origin?  Do they have a different selection of games?  Does one service offer better support/better deals on games?  What three games would you say I need to play if I haven't played any in the last 8 years?  Thanks for all of the help. 
[sid meier's pirates!]	Title says most of it.  I've been playing some games lately that offer me some of the above, but not all. SPAZ and FTL:Faster than Light are good on the ship-building part, but I really just want something open world where you just amass loot or become the best at what you do, improving your ship and whatever.  I know there are a few games that might be like this, but does anyone know of one specific game that fits the bill? I would really appreciate it!  Edit1: PC preferably, but I do have Xbox 360 (though I doubt anything in this vein exists). I am aware of EvE online and how it fits this bill, but I would prefer to avoid subscription based games.
[dark souls]	Hey, I'm looking for recommendations for RPGs with a lot of character customization. I don't mean visual customization, really, I'm looking for stats and skills. Perhaps something with a ton of classes and backgrounds to choose from, or with a lot of different skills to pursue. Ideally, I could have two characters of the same class with wildly different builds.  The Elder Scrolls series is the best example I can think of, really. Quite a few different skills to pursue if I choose. I also liked Neverwinter Nights for all the skills and feats, and Dragon Age: Origins was good since you could pick a race, class, origin, and then skills. Mainly, I just want a wide variety of skills to pursue to really define my character. I also like being able to focus on non-combat stuff, like crafting skills. Any ideas?
[team fortress 2, left 4 dead]	I haven't really played much in years.  I was very much into Counterstrike Source and DOD source but had to run them on low and still had bad fps back in the day. So that gives you an idea bout how long its been.  I now have a laptop with an i5 and HD4000 integrated graphics.  I'm happy to see that it can play older games perfectly and new ones on low settings.  Skyrim works but kinda poorly.    So I'm looking for suggestions on what games you think I should check out that I might have missed in the past years.  Like I said my favorite stuff has always been CS, DOD, and RPG's like Morrowind but am up for anything mildly related that you think I could enjoy.  Thanks!!
[alpha protocol]	I've always loved action RPGs. Best games can be found where there are good solid characters, and good game play. I recently finished Dishonored, and the feel that I changed the outcome was pretty cool. I want a game with a serious storyline that can be effected by the player. I have already played: Bioshock 1 &amp; 2, Mass Effect 1-3, Skyrim,  Knights of the Old Republic 1 &amp; 2, Fallout 3 and New Vegas, Witcher 2, Deus Ex, Dragon Age series and Bastion. I have also played Walking Dead and Heavy Rain, but that's not really what I want. I am a heavy PC gamer but will give in to my Xbox. Thanks for any suggestions.  Edit: Added games I've played because I feel bad when people suggest games I forgot to put! (Added Witcher 2, Deus Ex, Fallout games, Dragon Age)
[memory game, cave story, cave story, minecraft, roguelike, meat boy, vvvvvv, vvvvvv]	A busy job, a wife and kids, and all the other thrills of adulthood prevent me from spending much time gaming. So I like games that are challenging but don't require countless hours to complete. Braid, and more recently Bastion, made me realize that indie games are the best at packaging a deep and thought-provoking story with fun gameplay into a game that is a manageable length.  I've researched various parts of reddit to put together a list of games I'm excited to play, but I know I don't have the time to play them all and I really want to start with the best. So check out my list below and let me know what I should spend my limited time playing first. Understand that there is a good chance I don't ever play half of these games.  Sword &amp; Sorcery  Terraria  Binding of Issac  VVVVVV  Capsized  Machinarium  Vessel  Mark of the Ninja  Trine (1 or 2)  Cave Story  Super Meat Boy  To The Moon  Castle Crashers  Home  Dear Esther
[baldur's gate, give up]	Hey guys.  Sorry if this isn't exactly the right subreddit for this question, but I figure it's close enough.  Over the past few months I've really grown to respect and love some old games that I had never really considered before for the sole purpose that they were old.  It started when I decided to finally give Vampire: The Masquerade a try and I fucking LOVED it.  So, I figured to go even older, and looked into Planescape: Torment, which is touted as one of the best (if not the best) RPG of all time.  I'm only about two hours in - definitely not far enough to form any real opinions about the game - and I'm trying to give it a chance, but it really just isn't *grabbing* me.  It has nothing to do with the way the game is set up - I'm an avid reader, so the concept of an RPG that's more focused on text sounded great to me.  And I love the dialogue!  It's refreshing and fun, and I can see why people love this game.  But it just hasn't *grabbed* me yet, and I think a big part of that might be the fact that I've never really played a top down RPG like that before, and I'm a little put off by the fact that the game really just feels dated to me.    So I'm wondering if I should give Baldur's Gate a try. Is it different enough from Planescape that it might just click better with me, providing me a better segway into a genre that's pretty well-aged?  I really do see the potential in these games, so I don't want to dismiss them as being too old before I give them the fair shot they deserve.
[civ]	I'm looking for a game in the style of the Civilization series, Total War series, Crusader Kings series etc., but which is less complex and more accessible. I find the idea of a strategy game in which you run a nation/kingdom/empire appealing, but I've always found getting into any of these games difficult because their systems are pretty impenetrable for the new user; and I don't particularly enjoy having to play through hours of tutorials just to understand just the basics of what I'm supposed to be doing.  So what I'm looking for is something more simplistic (not necessarily less challenging), ideally something which you can learn simply by playing as opposed to having devote hours and hours to tutorials, wikis and strategy guides before you can come close to being half-decent.  Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated! Thank you.  **Edit**: I'm only looking for games on the PC. 
[indiana jones]	My girlfriend found a new love for watching me play video games. She's not a gamer, so she can't play with me. Instead we just lie on the bed, I play PS3 on the projector and she watches.  In order to make sure she doesn't get bored I need to play games that are very story driven, though. Preferably with lots of cut-scenes and plot twists.  So far we played Heavy Rain and MGS 1-4.  The Metal Gear games were perfect for this purpose. I'm pretty sure I won't find anything as enjoyable as Metal Gear, but I hope to find games that fall into this "interactive movie" category.  To answer the question "why PS3?": Because I play from the bed, and the projector is too far away from the PC.
[nba street]	Hello all. Thank you for viewing my question.      I am looking for a game that has a specific mechanic. I do not know how to explain it, so I will use examples.      On Wii, Pro Evolution Soccer 2009 has a game mode where you have to build a soccer team. After each match win, you get the chance to take one of the other team's players.      On the original gameboy, Pokemon Trading Card Game - after each win, the person you "fought" gave you 2 booster packs of cards to better build your deck.      Pretty much what I'm looking for is something where you have to build up from scratch by winning, and taking from the opponent. Card games, battle games, anything. I prefer a game on the PC, but I also have a Wii and PS3 (and PS2).      I hope I was detailed enough for an answer.      Thank you for your time.  
[mark of the ninja]	I suppose this is the right place to be asking this, since I am asking for a suggestion as to which game I should get.  I'm about to go trade in just about all (four) of my games and want to either pick up Dishonored or X-Com. I think both games look amazing, and I have the original X-Com games and loved them, so there's my draw to that one. But I also loved the Deus Ex games, and have heard Dishonored likened to them.  I guess what I'm mostly looking for is getting my money's worth. I believe I would enjoy both games thoroughly, but I want a game with great replay value, and a low potential to become repetitive and boring. I'm not sure how different Dishonored can be each separate playthrough, and I know X-Com is different every time you play it. I guess I mostly want a game I won't have the urge to return next weekend.  I would be grateful for any opinion on this.
[swat 4]	Hello!  This is my first post in this forum. Thanks for reading.  I am looking for an extremely tactical shooter (need to be prone for highest accuracy, 1 shot kills, etc. One game I played in the past that I enjoyed was the 2nd ghost recon for xbox. I also liked the original Rainbow Six where you had to plan ally routes. There was a co-op mode where you move through a map slowly picking off enemies and it was great fun (both Ghost Recon and Rainbow Six). One option I looked at recently was DayZ. Thanks for any recommendations!  I have no system req limitations. I don't care how old/new the game is as long as the online community is still active.  THanks.
[final fantasy tactics, dark souls, dark souls]	I've been looking for something to play for a long time. I love open world games like Fallout and TES series, sweet little games like Machinarium and Bastion and some casual fun like Worms. Thing is, when I played Fallout, TES, Borderlands, HOMM 3, Civilization, I was in college and therefor could invest sleepless nights in gaming. Now I work from 9 to 5 and can't do such thing. I've read that Dark Souls is a great game, but most people recommend it for its complexity and rewarding combat mechanics, not the atmosphere and overall feeling. Most of them complained about the simplicity of Skyrim. I also thought Skyrim was too simple, but it still had a nice atmosphere, soundtrack and that sense of freedom. And TES lore of course. Now, I would sort of like a game where you don't have to be a hardcore gamer to succeed, but rather just enjoy the game. So, I've rambled a bit, but the question remains. I started playing Dark Souls(on PC with a controller) and from the start it looks like something I would have to invest many hours to get good at. Is it worth it? I don't care about how awesomely difficult the swordplay is, I just want a nice environment and a good story. Could you suggest other good, but not too demanding games? Really anything except generic first person shooters with a linear story. At the moment, I've been playing Borderlands 2, but by the time I reached level 25, it got a bit repetitive and boring. I might pick that up though some time. Oh, and please don't recommend Bioshock and Mass Effect, I didn't care for either.  Thanks to anyone who bothered to read this text, I honestly appreciate it!
[cut it, halo 4, xbox]	I bought a 360 many years ago when they were initially released, and Halo was my favorite I spent so many hours online on 2 and 3, after that I kinda slowed down on my gaming. Two summers ago my 360 burnt up and finally died. I finally decided recently that it's time to replace it with a new console. I had almost made up my mind to make the switch to PS3, but now Halo 4 has caught my eyes. Now I'm conflicted and need some input. Suggestions? My whole reasoning behind getting the PS3 is I've never had one, so there is an entire back-catalog of games that I could play through that would all be cheaper now, plus free online is intriguing. But like I said with Halo 4 coming up I can't decide. Suggestions are appreciated. 
[call of duty 2, fight club, glory days, far cry 2, crysis, crysis, crysis, crysis, crysis, hl2, hl2, l4d, mw2]	Today I saw a new trailer for Black Ops II and after watching it I have no urge to buy the game. It all seems the same! Modern warfare, Black Ops, Medal of Honor, they all have  * Action scenes every 30 seconds. * Tactics are always the same despite the difficulty * 75% Linear maps, (go down this street, turn left here, go into this sewer. * Slow motion explosions or moments in the game you have to make the "perfect shot" * The 1 stealth mission were you are supposed to get to the objective quietly.  * The objective that has a timer "defuse the bomb" or Escape from death"   The problem is that they keep making these games and we keep buying them, we need something new.   The highlights I list below are implemented in various games but we need more.   **What I want in a FPS**  * **Aiming down the scope** - Most games do this, I love it! keep it up.   * **Breaks in Combat** - There are breaks in the game were you get to reflect on what happened/reorganize. Example: police ammo, Pull a switch, activate the defenses, tend to the wounded, interact with characters, check weapons ect, ect *(A game that already does this is Half-Life)*  * **Harder Difficulty Means Smarter AI** - Enemies WILL KILL you if you are careless. That guy you saw but then disappeared behind a building is going to flank you. That sniper that was shooting at you switched locations, The 3 enemies behind the car take off in different directions. Harder difficulties mean improved AI tactics.. Don't just give them more health make them SMARTER.  * **Enemies Actually use Tactics** - Enemies will take up sniping positions. They will move forward when they are suppressing you and will fall back when they are getting killed. Enemies will try to flank you, they don't all spawn in the same spot, they are adaptive and have few if any scripted events.   * **Environment change** Less linear levels and more sandbox environments. I want to make my own path through a jungle, I want to choose what street I go down when fighting an enemy. I want to choose what angle of attack I come from. I want to have to look at my map to determine the best way to flank an enemy *(Games that do this - Arma &amp; Crysis)*  * **Storyline** - This enemy/Protagonist, is a fully developed character. You understand why he/she/it believes what they believes. If the Storyline of the game became a novel it should have the potential to be a best seller. *(Examples of great stories in video games - Bioshock, Halo CE, Metal Gear Solid)*   * **Physics and weapons** - The Guns feel POWERFUL. When you are unloading at an enemy behind cover you are destroying his environment. Chipping away at his surroundings, destroying small objects and denting large ones. When you toss a grenade it demolishes the environment, objects fly in realistic directions relative to explosions. When you shoot an enemy with a Shotgun or a high powered weapon, he flies back and goes down. *(Games with great physics - Half Life, Crysis | Games with powerful feeling guns Rainbow Six, Crysis)*  * **Smaller Details That Need to be Maintained**  - Do not shower me with Ammo - Regenerative armor and shields is a great concept but when you combine it with health packs it gives the player more reward for being cautious plus it is very satisfying finding that healthpack after being on the edge of death.   - Vehicles are not bad when you have a good physics engine.  - Secure a defense, I love levels were you have to defend against an attack. (Farm level from L4D, Small town in Half Life, Captured German hill in Call of Duty 2) - More variety in the gun models,. I want to see guns with dirt and scrapes on them. Maybe even take damage if it is shot. If it is an enemy gun maybe it has a sticker or a decal.  - **Enough** with the generic Russian soldier, or terrorist with turban. I want variety, I want different body types, different enemy heights, ect. | Aliens and creatures are awesome.   I have other suggestions but I am curious on feedback.. what do you think?   
[plants vs. zombies, dead space]	It's not the most fantastic thing out there, but it's a huge jump from what he has now (old dell that's broken twice in a month) and I'm not using it. Anyways, my coworker doesn't have much money for a new computer and he said his kid likes to play computer games. So I figured I'd nurture him and sell his dad my old gaming PC for about 50 bucks and throw in a few games. The only problem I'm running in to is most of my old games are GFWL so I can't give him those. He likes military style FPS games, but I think anything with a gun would work. What I was looking for, though, is suggestions for games that are around 20 or less, and I would be able to put on a Steam account for him. I do have Mercenaries 2, The Saboteur, and Prototype. I'm just looking for a few to round out the set so he doesn't have to keep the CD around all the time and all of that. I was thinking about the orange box, but I wanted another suggestion or two for stuff.
[dwarf fortress, dwarf fortress, minecraft]	Hey everyone, boys and girls, So I'm bored of mainstream video games, big franchises and all - too expensive; repetitive gameplay, bugs, you name it...- and I'm looking for surprises and games while not very famous could be fun. I'm looking for games that can be addictive, fun, and immersive. Like Minecraft for instance. I heard of an open source transport tycoon for example. I also liked Grimrock. -------------------------- What other names in F2P/Open Source/Indie/Low budget can you recommend me for a challenge ?
[deus ex: human revolution, action games, super spy, bioshock, thief 2]	I really enjoyed dishonored. and I mean a lot. But what I loved most was the amazing setting, the world dishonored was a breathing, living world that truly reacted to your choices. The art style was amazing too, not sure what people disliked about some  is what I'm looking for. An engaging story with great dialogue (dishonored had so many interesting dialogue, conversations overheard, diaries or books to be read, truly, it's what made this world resonate so much with me) sure, I enjoyed the gameplay and the whole "stealth" side of it, (edit: actually I did enjoy that part a lot too, other stealth based games are welcome) but without the "this guy murdered your empress and kidnapped her daughter, go kill him" to motivate the player I probably wouldn't have enjoyed it as much. So, any good games to recommend?   
[company of heroes, crusader kings 2, rise of nations, dawn of war 2, war games, total war, total war, galciv]	Old School PC gamer here. Need deep/complex strategy but... I have less time than I used to, and am honestly tiring of "War Games" a bit... but they are often the only games that offer the depth I like.  Particularly, I want to find games that are REALISTIC thematically and immersive... RPG-like even. Games where decisions pay off over time and you actually CRAFT an army/nation/team/party.  I am also sick of just doing War Game scenarios and then having to start over... I'm thinking something with more of an open ended "campaign" element to it. That is why I am thinking something RPG-ish might work but they are typically SOOOOO dull strategically and narrow in scope.  I'd really love to find a game where you take control of a non-military organization, like a Gangster game, or something, but never really found any good ones.  ----Games I've played----  By "Deep Strategy" I mean the thing you typically find in grognard turn based war games. Operational or Grand Strategy level. I Love **Paradox Interactive** games and I really love **Total War series**. **Advanced Tactics Gold** is the War Game I would play right now but the AI is not great and it is a little TOO much time commitment with too little theme and longevity.  Similarly I have **Hearts of Iron III** and **Europa Universalis III**. These are definitely amazing, and exactly what I like but but again a bit TOO much for my current time constraints.  Recently I've played [President Forever 2012](http:// Awesome non-war game, but it's a bit unpolished right now, just released. That is what got me thinking to look away from War games. Also, I used to love the team building element of **Madden Football** games, min/maxing the stats to get the optimal squad of guys for the least money. Franchise Mode rocked.  **Mount &amp; Blade** Is an all time favorite, but I'm looking for non twitchy, and deeper end-game/kingdom strategy. Similarly **Company of Heroes** is probably my all time favorite RTS... but again looking for something non twitchy and with more continuity/open-ended-ness.  Hopefully this ramble will help you point me in some interesting directions.
[fallout 3, deus ex]	Hey Reddit,  Just finished with the Mass Effect series (again) and I'd like your input on what to play next. I really enjoyed the story-telling aspect of this game the best, as well the decision making in it.   In the past I played (and enjoyed) stealth games like Splinter Cell (played up to Chaos Theory), Halflife 2, Portal 1&amp;2, Diablo 3 and the Fable series.   I got Dragon Age: Origins and quite frankly, I don't much care for it. It seems to be "too much game" for me; I can't get the handle of effectively controlling 4 characters at the same time, and the skill-leveling system is very complicated. Or you know, I'm just dumb.  I'd like something that looks pretty good (within the past 6 years or so?) but my machine won't run the newest releases like Assassins Creed 3 and Dishonored.  I've looked around a bit, and games like Fallout 3/New Vegas, Witcher 2 and Deus Ex:HR are looking pretty good to me.  So, what else should I play?
[shadowrun]	Back when I played with action figures as a kid, I would have huge adventures. My bed was a plateau and the floor was the churning sea at the bottom of the cliffs. There were caves under the couch cushions, and golden temples on my bookshelf.  *I'm walking through the rainforest, every step growing softer due to lack of food. I've been hacking my way through the vines for more days than I care to imagine. Desperately, I climb a tree with some of my last remaining energy. As I survey the treetops for food, I see a cliff in the distance. On the edge of the cliff, golden and sparkling like El Dorado, is a banana tree. An ancient path, made by some long-forgotten Yucatan civilization, leads the way up. I slide down the bark, and gasp for air as I stumble toward my only hope of survival.*  I have yet to find a game that captures that sense of wonder. I've played countless "adventure" games, the Elder Scrolls games (except for Morrowind, which is on my Steam wish list), the Fallout series, Diablo, Torchlight, GTA, Just Cause, but none of those games truly immersed me into the world.  I'm looking for a game that makes me really feel like I'm somewhere unique. In short, I want a game that is a true adventure. Its sole focus should also be adventure, but combat and food can take a sideline role.  Since I know it will come up, I already play Minecraft. I love it for what it is, but it is not an adventure game for me. Too same-y for that. But I do enjoy it.  And if it's important, I have a PC, PSP, iPod touch, and Wii, but I strongly prefer the PC or PSP. My PC is fairly low-end, the newest games it can run are probably Crusader Kings 2 and Arkham Asylum.  **Edit**: Extra points if it's free or on Steam, but that is by no means necessary.
[dungeons of dredmor, dungeon crawl]	Some of my fondest gaming memories are spending 4+ hours delving deep into the huge dungeons of Everquest with 3-5 friends.  In contrast, Dungeons in WoW and Diablo 3 were pretty trivial, almost over before they began.  Must have: huge dungeons with some real tension/danger.  Character advancement of some type be it level up, skills, loot, whatever.   Nice to have, but not required: cooperative multiplayer (I don't have time for MMO 's, however), good story  Platforms: PC &amp; Mac preferred, but iOS, any Nintendo console except 3DS, or any Playstation (non-portable) console is fine, too. 
[assassin's creed, action games]	I finally figured out what I want in a game.  You guys remember the way you could improve your castle in Neverwinter Nights 2 and Storm of Zehir?  I am looking for a **RPG** with a feature like that. Something where improving your base and facilities matter, either it gives you improvements or gold etc. Maybe you gotta quest to get items for improving, or you have to do quests to get companions, a blacksmith or a medic.   Let's get some games out of the picture: I finished all ME games, currently am playing Skyrim Hearthfire and I did play Baldur's Gate 1 &amp; 2 (class specific bases - castle and stuff &lt;3).   Of course you can drop some ideas for games from other genres if you think I'll like them.  It's just I want to build myself a "fortress" that will last throughout the whole game.  Thanks in advance for all your suggestions. :)
[star trek online, minecraft, portal 2, xbox]	Hi, my SO and I are looking for some good multiplayer games we can enjoy together.  We have:  * Xbox 360  * Playstation 2  * Wii  The only multiplayer games we have are Hellboy: The Science of Evil, Lego Batman, Left 4 Dead 2 and Halo. I'm not very good at shooter games, and we're not really interested in anything along the lines of COD or Battlefield etc.  Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated. I'm into games like The Elder Scrolls, Fable, Portal, Spyro, Crash Bandicoot etc. He enjoys pretty much the same kind of thing as well as more shooty games, Mass Effect, Bioshock etc.  Please help! =3
[vendetta online]	Wanting to get some use out of my x52-pro.  Already have X-super box. evochron mercenary ARMA 2 and OPF:DR. Freespace 2.  Also have WC 1-4 and privater.  Not looking for DCS levels of realism, looking for a blend between full on sim (dcs A-10) and arcade. (Ace combat.)  Would prefer the game have/be based on combat.  Also, DAE remember strike fighter, one amazing game for the day.  Would prefer "modern" jets that include cockpit view and F-14/15/16 or WWII themed game. Would prefer the game have a good lengthy SP, and active MP (if the game has MP) and if its mod-able that would be great.  As for space sims, if anyone has any idea how to make the x-52 pro work the the GOG version of WC 1-4 and Privateer that would be great. I also have a retail disc of WC: armada. Also looking for games like WC:P 1 and 2, already played freelancer.  Any game must support joysticks fully.  Thanks!
[fallout new vegas, fallout 3, vs.]	Here's a few of my favorite games of the current generation:  * Civilization IV (V didn't click with me) * Fallout 3 (much more than Oblivion) * Kingdom of Amalur: Reckoning (a bit too long for me) * Halo 3 (Reach less so) * Half Life 2 * Battlefield 2  I like exploring a lot, and games that aren't really rigid. If a game has good multiplayer, I rarely finish the single-player and don't put much stock in it.  Historical games I've liked are Command &amp; Conquer, Timesplitters, Ratchet &amp; Clank, Sly Cooper, Master of Orion II, and Medal of Honor: Frontline.  I don't play games all that often, so I don't go through games fast.
[great deal, this game, this game]	**TLDR: I want to map out all the games in this Open Sandbox Ships "Genre" and compare them. I am not talking only Space Sims, though I think those are the most numerous.**  Personally, I have been playing Faster Than Light and want something similar but deeper. I also supported the kick starter for [Start Citizen](http:// but it wont be out till 2014. Also, Mount and Blade I think sort of fits this style of game, even though there is no ship, and it is one of my all time favorites. But traditionally I've not played many space sims, so I am hesitant to jump into them, especially since some (X3) I hear have a steep learning curve.  I would like to see if we can make a list of all these games along with key features and how to decide which one is right for people.  **To Define it** - this genre is a mix between RPG set in a large world with Small unit tactical fights when you encounter enemies. Combat and trade and (sometimes) politics are allowed. Economy is important.  You Start off with one person/ship and you expand, possibly into an fleet of ships, or a trade empire. You often hire companions or wing men, and they too might progress in an RPG fashion.  There is strategy and resources but these are **NOT** 4x games. And not JUST space flight sims.   Though EVE online is certainly one of these, I want to focus on single player games.   **EXAMPLE GAMES:**  * X Series * Freelancer * Sid Meiers Pirates! * Mount and Blade  There are a ton more... If you have played one, put it up and describe it. Even old games, if they are still the best option for some reason and still playable.  **Questions to answer:**  * Ease or Complexity to Learn? * Realistic Death (Perm Death vs Just losing Ship, etc)? * How "deep" is the economy - What can/can't you buy? * How open is the game or is it Story Driven? * Realism vs Cartoony * More Simulation or RPG oriented? * Can you hire crew/companions? How detailed is this? * Can you make your own ship, or customize? How detailed is this? * How does it relate to other games in this genre you have played? * Also, would you recommend others play and any other key details... 
[dungeon keeper 2, dwarf fortress, dwarf fortress, friendly fire, evil genius]	So I've recently been playing A Game of Dwarves.  I really enjoy building, organizing, farming, managing, exploring, and even a little combat. This game has all of those but I've already finished it and I'm looking for something with more replay value.    So I'm looking for a game with the same concept. I've looked at dwarf fortress but it looks like ass and I don't really want to spend 5 weeks learning the basics.  I'm a little picky about combat. I like AGOD because I have to explore to find enemies, rather than them finding me. I like being able to take my time and relax.
[heavy rain , playstation]	I've ignored the current console generation until half a year ago when I bougt a Wii.  I fleshed out my Wii library pretty easily because having owned a GC I already knew much of what I would want to buy.  However with the PS3 I am very unfamiliar with the franchises.  I own a PS1 with MGS1, FF Tactics, FF IX, Megaman X4 and Gran Turismo 1, but other than that I don't know much about Sony's franchises.  So far I've purchased Oblivion, Fallout 3, Dark Souls, Street Fighter 4, Resistance 1, Prince of Persia, Crysis 2 and my PS3 came with Uncharted 3.  Planning to pick up the Sly, Ratchet &amp; Clank, Killzone and Uncharted collections so I can experience PS2 games I missed out on.  Also Resistance 2 &amp; 3 since the first has been fun so far.  And Gran Turismo 5.  Oh, and Skyrim.  I'm a fan of action RPG's, Fighters and platformers.  I like first person shooters too but I much prefer a mouse or wiimote because aiming with analogs is tough for me, but if there is a really really good FPS I don't own or plan to buy that's not on PC I'll still consider it.  EDIT:  No internet at home so the only multiplayer I'll be doing is co-op with my girl.
[super meat boy, nightsky, vvvvvv]	I have a good laptop with an i5 processor. Unfortunately, it has integrated Intel HD graphics which severely limits the games that I can play with it. I have an Xbox 360 which I use to play most  I like strategy and simulation games which aren't available for the 360. An example is Crusader Kings II which I have been playing the shit out of lately.   Before people chime in to tell me to build a gaming  do plan to do that someday, but right now I have to save every dime I get for a very long stay in Beijing. So try to only recommend games my GPU-less laptop can handle :)  Edit: I should mention the games I already have.  * Rollercoaster Tycoon 2 &amp; 3 * Crusader Kings 2 * Civ II * Football Manager 2012 * Age of Empires II 
[ftl: faster than light, game on]	I'm a new dad and a lifelong gamer. Dang baby uses up all my time outside of work. So I'm looking for a particular kind of game that allows me to play at a slower pace. Recently I've played:  * HOI3: Pretty good because it can run very slow and I can pause it as I need it. * X-Com: The new one. Again, it's turn based so it's pretty easy to play. * X3:Albion Prelude: This one was such a cool game to jump into for the first time but it's just... I couldn't get into it, and I wanted to so bad. * CS:GO because there's nothing like jumping into a game and shooting some fools. But I can't play it too much because it needs headphones...  Are there any other games in the same vein as above? Slow paced, tactically, strategicy games. They're the kind I like. The 4X style games are a little too same old same old for me...
[capitalism 2, victoria 2]	Title sums it up...  EvE online has an Amazing economy, part of what makes it so good is not only is everything linked together, it is WAY bigger than one single player, and it is amazingly complex BUT you can actually make sense of what is going on, and it is rather fun to engage in transactions. In short, lots of meaningful data but good interface.  Unfortunately the underlying game in EvE was boring to me. I'd have much more fun with just playing the spreadsheets (just kidding... but close).  I expect MMO's have the most "real" economies (due to real players). But what I am looking for does not have to be an online game, even single player is fine if the economy is simulated well enough.   Also, not wedded to space theme or anything, EvE is just the best example I know of for economy.  
[sonic 3 and knuckles, sonic generations , sonic 1]	So when i was younger i handled a little sonic at some friends house here and there but it was never my thing at *prima facie*. So last night i was thinking that i really like over the top speed and gameplay and so i thought maybe i should give the Sonic franchise a reasonable go since i never gave it a proper chance.  Question - which one should i get?  **Edit**: Okay so i got Sonic 3 and Knuckles and i have to say i am absolutely dreadful at the game are there any pointers or tips so i can enjoy this game properly? hahah
[dark souls]	*(Primarily on PC, also on 360)*  *(Super awesome second edit: I also have a DS, the regular kind, but I don't play it as often)*  A lot of the games I've played have been fun, but not many of them have made me feel like I've accomplished or achieved anything. Except the "achievements" on consoles and Steam, but most of those are just spoonfed to you. What are some games that made you feel like you did something of consequence? What games gave you the feeling that your time spent with it was worthwhile?  Some of the few games I've played that have done this for me are:  * Morrowind and Oblivion. (tried Skyrim, it hurt to play, I'm sorry) * Fable II and III (liked them both, but for different reasons I can't quite place at the moment) * Faster Than Light (still haven't beaten it, but *damn* is it fun trying) * Portal I and II (sure, the boss battles weren't great, but it was more about solving the science) * *Edit for funsies: Saints Row 2, as wacky and nutty as it was, I still felt like I accomplished something while playing it. Except that damn epilogue. How hard is it to stop a damn bus without blowing it up?*  I've played several Star Wars games (Knights of the Old Republic II, Jedi Academy, and Jedi Outcast) and those were close, but KOTOR felt like it dragged on too long and there were many elements I just ignored because I never seemed to need them, and the Jedi games were okay. I've tried Dragon Age Origins, but it felt very bland. And Lord of the Rings War in the North felt more like "Brown/Gray RPG".  *Still first edit for first funsies: GTA IV, while pretty good overall, was just weighed down by the "companion" system/missions, for lack of a better word, where you have to hang out with Roman and everyone else in order to get bonuses. I liked the idea, but it became too involved over time.*  I have Legend of Grimrock sitting in my Steam account and I'm probably going to start that next; I've heard good things. I also have Witcher 1 &amp; 2 and Deus Ex: Human Revolution waiting at home. I'm holding off on Mass Effect for when I have a bit more time on my hands, as from what I've heard I'll be sinking a lot of time into it.  *Same edit for same funsies: While the majority of games I've referred to are RPGs, I'm open to other genres as well if you have suggestions for them. I just tend to favor RPGs for whatever reason*
[king's bounty: warriors of the north, heroes of might and magic iii, age of wonders: shadow magic, king's bounty: the legend, strategy games, strategy games, civilization v, mass effect, mass effect]	I'm looking for a game to occupy my time with until I can get myself a new computer. The laptop I have now can play 95% of games on the highest setting. I enjoy games like Dragon Age, The Walking Dead and Mass Effect where I can have dialogue choices. I also enjoy open world adventure or sandbox types like GTA, Dishonored or Assassin's Creed. I also enjoy games that make me think. Like solving a mystery or something to that effect. I just finished the Testament of Sherlock Holmes and enjoyed it immensely.  I hope my details help. Thanks in advance.
[torchlight 2, diablo 3]	I have a spare 1300 ms points but I've no idea what to get. Help me out?  I preferably want to get an 800 point game and a 400 point game but if you can sell me on something that's 1200 I'm in.  Edit: Thanks a billion for the suggestions everyone, I decided to go with Torchlight and an indie game called Dead Pixels. I was not disappointed in either. I HIGHLY suggest picking up Dead Pixels if you have an extra 80 points to spend. It's an incredible game jam packed with simple fun and replayability. Definitely worth it.
[heroes of might and magic 5, guild wars 2]	I really want to get into the Final Fantasy series, but I have battling mental factions of OCD wanting me to start from the very beginning so I don't miss any story, and my preferences tending away from games that retro.  I'm not really sure what kind of game I do like, but modern RPGs are great, even though I have a really short attention span. I liked Guild Wars 2, Heroes of Might and Magic 5 is nice. I'm not sure if those are relevant, but I wanted to give you something to go on.  To be honest my desire for FF games mostly stems from a desire for Kingdom Hearts games and a fear that I won't get all the references to characters and plots I'm supposed to know.   Any advice warmly welcomed.   Edit: OK, if anyone checks back here, thanks for all of your advice! I've taken it all into account and gone with the general consensus: I'm ordering 10! So excited! You guys rock. 
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r.]	I really want to feel that plunging into the unknown feeling again, I don't care about the genre. I've had so many good experiences in games that focus on this.  Uncovering just about anything in Dark Souls was extremely satisfying, even better was exploring the lore and land of Morrowind, and the very event discovering strange and previously unknown species in the depths of Endless Ocean made the Wii worth it.  So please do me a favor and list as many as you can think of, and once again any genre at all will do, thanks for your time.
[diablo]	They story goes- I got Skyrim on release. It was my first TES game. I was pretty disappointed, actually. It mostly had to do with the dungeons, that were basically twisted corridors. So I traveled back through the series, the dungeon getting better and better with each game, until I hit Daggerfall. My Mind Was BLOWN. The randomized dungeons really hit it for me. I loved (and still do love) just getting lost in them. The satisfaction of completing my goal, my inventory STACKED with new loot and a SHIT-TON of money... It's the best. I dug a little deeper on the internet, and found out about the genre called dungeon-crawling. It sounded like just the thing for me. But then I got Anvil of Dawn, and it bore the crap out of me.  So What is a good dungeon crawler to ease me into the genre?
[the witcher]	I'd like to play a very story-driven game, but one that has a very good, mature and interesting story. In the likes of The Longest Journey, Dreamfall or the Chzo Mythos. Not necessarily an adventure, could be a rpg or something like it. Preferably from the last two or three years (since before that I was very up-to-date in games and played or know about most of the games that got some visibility in that period)  I've played Longest Journey and sequel, Bioware games, Planescape and Baldur's Gates, and I don't know what else to look for.  Edit: also, games that have a strong atmosphere. Like dishonored, for example. Not very story driven, but it has a great feeling of actually existing in that world.
[warcraft 3]	Getting together with some friends this Thanksgiving for a weekend of playing games. We're all college kids so we rather stick to the free and cheap side of gaming. We already have a few to pick from but would like to keep it open to some new things we haven't tried. So anyone know of any good free/cheap multiplayer PC games that can be played with 6 people?  Right now our list is:  * Minecraft  * Terraria  * BF 1942  * HL2 mods (Zombie master/Neotokyo/Hidden/Overwatch/Zombie Panic)  * Empire Earth  * Stronghold 2  * Warsow  * Unreal Tournament
[x: rebirth, sci-fi]	So I've been fighting the itch to buy a new PC game for myself. Was thinking about Dishonored but I've read a few reviews about the story being somewhat lacking.  I'm a huge fan of Sandbox RPGs like Skyrim, Morrowind, and Fallout. Also enjoy regular RPGs such as Zelda. Occasional fan of FPS games when they're either realistic or sci-fi type stuff. No CoD for me though.  ME3 comes to mind but I'm really not happy with how they handled all the DLC and also all of my Mass Effect saves are long gone with my XBox 360.  Was also thinking about the new WoW expansion but can't justify $15/mo and also my internet is going to be very shitty for the next 2 to 3 months.  So I turn to all of you. Anything that combines all of my favorites? Not sure if I should list what I already have but that list would be fairly extensive. Something fairly open (preferred) that's a huge time sync, great story, and not something incredibly hard but still puts up a challenge now and again.  Thanks for any suggestions in advance!
[fallout: new vegas, fallout 3]	I'm bad at real time combat and I don't like the stress caused by it. I'm looking for games in which you can interact with the environment and discover stuff in either first person or third person view but there's little or no mechanism that depends on quick reflexes and fast action. (I am OK with how it was done in The Walking Dead where it was scarcely used)   Would be great if the game had a story that makes sense, decent voice acting if it uses voice and non-annoying music.   Genre doesn't matter very much, I guess the games that fit into my definition would be either puzzle games or rpg games with  turn based combat etc..   Games I already know of:  Quantum Conundrum, Portal, The Testament of Sherlock Holmes, Stacking, Various Telltale games  Any recommendation would be greatly appreciated.   PS: The platform is PC
[football manager, warcraft 3, starcraft, starcraft, pick up]	As a console gamer in the past, I always liked having a sports game to play when I was tired of playing whatever game I was otherwise playing, usually in some kind of campaign. The sport didn't matter - Fifa, Madden, NBA 2k. I just enjoyed the ability to play an isolated game that was done in 30-45 minutes. So now that I've switched to PC, any suggestions?  Also, I have never played an RTS game, but they seem similar to sports games. Is that true? I don't really want to spend time spec-ing out guys, equipment, etc. I just want to jump in and play, be done in 30-45 minutes, and be able to play again without any residual effect from my last game. Anything in the RTS category that would fill that need?
[dwarf fortress]	First of all I have to say that my english is not perfect, so if you don't understand something, let me know, thanks.  So, here's the thing. Since I can remember, I really enjoy games where you can watch/manipulate npcs fights. I always enjoyed summon classes, monster collecting games, but I' looking for something with more action or, how can I say, more alive.  For example, In Skyrim I loved to just sit and watch Imperials fight Stormcloaks, then I spawned dragons, werewolves, giants and just sat there watching everything. I got tired really quick, but enjoyed.  And then I played Borderlands 2. If you haven't played yet (I really recommend it) there's an enemy called Goliath. If you shoot a Goliath in the head it goes on a rampage fighting every living thing around. And the best thing is that when it kills his companions he can level up and grow bigger and stronger, adquiring new names like Bad-ass Goliath, Huge Mass of Destruction and Godliath. I enjoyed this **so much** in Borderlands 2 that now I'm craving for a game with something similar. I fucking **love** games where enemies can level up/transform and can act almost as a player.  The perfect thing for me would probably be a first person adventure game where I can be/am on godmode and I can watch/manipulate fights between loads and loads of different npcs.  So, suggestions? And also, does this kind of "genre" have a name?    edit: [*Here's a Goliath fight video example.*](http://  Thanks again
[nwn]	I bought neverwinter nights 2 about a year ago on sale on steam, with the intent to play with friends. We played for about an hour, and everyone kinda went off to other games and we could never pick it back up again as a group.   I have no been able to get into the game single player at all, now.  My question is, is the original game a good single player experience, and be worth picking up? I assume it's still a good multiplayer game if I ever convince friends to join me. How similar is it to the second game? I think it's based on DnD  instead of , IIRC.
[cognition: an erica reed thriller, diamond trust of london]	I played FTL recently and enjoyed it, but I was wondering if there were any Kickstarter games that were any good and I could get. There are several that are promising and have finished their funding (Wasteland 2) and there are some good ones that look like they will never see the light of day (Star Citizen). But is there a list somewhere of the ones that are actually finished? For all the polish the kickstarter site has, I have a hell of a time actually finding a finished product list I can navigate easily, and my google-fu is only turning up "kickstarter projects crash and burn" articles. I should note that my tastes tend to run to scifi, sandbox, or rpg games and less into platformers or puzzle games.  Thanks guys.  PS I love humble indie bundle, but any other cool indie sandbox or space games I would love to hear about. Cheers.
[counter strike, know how]	User ChefExcellence told me it would be better to post here.  Hello !  Me and my friend we are saving money to the Steam Christmas sale (I hope there is one) and we are wondering if there is some game we NEED to get, for the multiplayer experience, that is not very demanding on the GPU. And not very expensive, we want at least to get 2 or 3.  We both have 4gbs ram, a good processor and a low/mid gpu card (Mine an ATI 5450) we play a lot "No more room in hell" but he is not a huge fan of FPS, so all recommendations would be awesome.  **TLDR: Suggest me games for the multiplayer experience that is not very demanding on the GPU. Not expensive would be a plus.**
[dungeon crawl]	Okay so I was getting super organized with my backlog list and coming up with ways to work away at them.  But I found Fallout 1/2 are just too dated for me, Morrowind just isn't working for me no matter how hard I try, Bastion is too repetitive, and Torchlight is too easy.  So I need some help on something new.  Just to specify I am looking for PC games that don't require top of the line hardware.  * I am a fan of RPGs especially ones with unique worlds to explore, good dialogue, and at least somewhat interesting combat. (Already played Oblivion/Skyrim, Fallout 3/NV, Mass Effect series, and Dragon Age: Origins)  * One of my most played games this year was Binding of Isaac so maybe it would be good for me to try other Roguelikes?  * FTL has really seemed interesting to me but I'm afraid to pull the trigger because I feel like it might not last me long.  I've heard a lot about how people wish there was just more to the game.  * I also like simulation and strategy games.  Played a lot of Rollercoaster Tycoon 2, Civilization IV/V, and Sim City 4 this year.  If someone can recommend similar games I'd really appreciate it.  I know I threw a lot at you guys but just pick one of these paragraphs and suggest a game I might like and I'll definitely look into it.  I just wanted to provide as much information I could with my interests.
[kotor]	Looking for a RPG/JRPG/Strategy/FPS/MMO/pretty much whatever game on steam for less than 30 bucks.  To narrow it down, I'm looking for a game that has a survivability aspect, maybe dungeon crawling, RPG like influences(upgrading weapons/leveling) and a good story with high replay value.  My spending limit is 35$ SO HELP ME PLS  EDIT: Here's a list of games I have already completed to help narrow it down again: Mass Effect 1 &amp; 2, Fallout 3 &amp; New Vegas, Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim and that's all I can think of off the top of my head that I know is on steam :L
[neverwinter nights]	Hi everyone,  Our Dungeons and Dragons group (pen and paper tabletop group) can no longer meet because of distance reasons.  We're open to any and all suggestions with the following being some of the attributes we're looking for.  * We can cooporatively play together * There is a progression / advancement of charater, unit, or whatever * Highly replayable whether it be finishing a "campaign" (or equivallent) and starting a new one or a game that doesn't really end * Isn't just button mashing (ie. Diablo 3) * Doesn't require a brand new computer to run (PC game)  Numerous MMORPG games might fit the bill here but we need one that doesn't stress spending a TON of time in game. We're probably going to meet once a week.  So MMOs are welcome as a suggestion but please state why your suggestion fits the bill well. But also feel free to recommend outside of this space as well.  Also if anyone knows of a **robust** online system that moreso emulates the tabletop RPG experience that is welcome too.  However, none of us really have much time to DM so this is probably not viable.  Thanks!  J
[mass effect, mega man]	I have played  Metro 2033  Deus Ex:HR  Borderlands 1/2  Battlefield 3  Dead Space 1/2  BioShock 1/2 (Still playing)  Killing Floor  Primal Carnage  Team Fortress 2  And much more. hope you guys will help me out :)  **edit**: gonna make a bigger list  Portal 1/2  Fallout 3 and NV  Red Dead Redemption   Amnesia: The Dark Descent  Jak and Daxter 1/2/3  Ratchet and Clank all PS2 games and Tools of Destruction  A little LoL  Skyrim  Chivalry: Medieveal Warfare  CoD 4/WaW/MW2/BloPS/MW3 not gonna buy anymore CoD games.  Sly 1/2/3  Thats what I can think of right now.
[just cause 2, the witcher, saints row]	I'm sure you guys get a lot of these requests, but I don't really know where else to ask. The last game that really got me hooked was League of Legends, but I quit because the upcoming new community full of immature kids totally turned me off. I played Maplestory, L4D, Age of Mythologies, Counter strike, LOTRO and Skyrim just to name a few after I quit in hopes to satisfy my gaming needs, but no luck. After about 8 months I tried going back go LoL but even that lost me. I like playing games with friends, so something multiplayer would be best I think. Thanks for the help.
[deus ex, kotor]	Hi.  As the title says, I'm looking for a PC game with a great and unique story. I like how the story in the Metal Gear Solid series is very deep, complex.  The problem is that MGS presents the story in a convoluted way. It's nice reading about the story, but playing the game to experience is not that good.  I'm looking for a game that doesn't have a generic story. A game I'll play and be fascinated but the events that are happening.  It doesn't have to be a stealth/espionage game. In fact, it's not among my favorite genre. It can be almost any genre, as long as the story is TRULY GREAT. My preferences are RPGs and Strategy games, but I'll play almost anything.  I hope you can understand what I'm looking for. Please, don't say Skyrim. Skyrim is the perfect example of bland, generic story in a bland world.
[mario kart double dash, minecraft, kart race]	My old friends and I are now separated by great distances ever since graduating from college, and we wanted to keep in touch through a weekly online gaming night. The only problem is, we don't know what to play!  Here are some parameters to go off of:  - We are a group of 6, so games that support 6 or more are preferable. Anything less than 4 is not doable.  - We would prefer to play cooperatively, but playing against other players is okay.  - It should be a PC game.  - Only some of us have high end PC's, so keep that in mind.  - We are not, as a group, really big into racing games, first person shooters, or sports games, with exceptions being more "arcade-y" takes on any of the genres, like Mario Kart, Mario Tennis, Team Fortress 2, etc.  - We would prefer to keep it to games that can be bought relatively inexpensively, since there is very little overlap in what games each of us own.  
[terraforming, torchlight 2, minecraft]	I'm looking for a few games to play either by myself or cooperatively with my sister (she doesn't really like competing against me).  So some pointers as to what we're looking for:    RPGs - usually these are the best for co-op. We used to play WoW a lot together but grew tired. Currently play Guild Wars 2 but we've ran out of fun content. Any fun co-op/solo RPGs that aren't hyper grindy, but with diverse content and skills and whatnot would be fantastic.   City building games - No heavy focus on military, and not too challenging. We've had lots of fun playing Pharaoh, and the Chinese/Greek versions of it. Games like Settlers (there's so many we don't know what to grab) or anything like that. It doesn't have to be city based but any management style is fine.  Browser based games - We got stuck into Hobo Wars, Evony and Neopets (way back in primary school) and I've spent many a day in Kingdom of Loathing which was great. Any standout consistent world games. These are great because they don't take a lot of time and don't necessarily have to be on together (she lives on the other side of the country).   Consoles - these would be hard because she lives on the other side of the country so we'd need two consoles so I'd primarily aim for PC games.  Skill level - I don't mind difficult or competitive games, but my sister dislikes having super high pressure (I keep her away from DotA and LoL or any RTS or serious FPS games).  Budget - These really don't matter, we're both financially stable. Of course, higher prices would require me to convince her to fork out the cash.  If there are any other questions, just ask, but thanks in advance. 
[driver san francisco]	The only racing game I truly loved was Burnout 3. Currently there are far too many racing games out for PC right now and I'm having a hard time finding out which one captures the same feeling that Burnout 3 did. I tried Need For Speed: Hot Pursuit, but the takedowns in that game just weren't satisfying. I'm not sure why.  Does anyone know any racing games for the PC which are part of the same vein as Burnout 3? I don't want anything too complex. I rarely customize cars or focus on driving perfectly, I just like something I can pick up and play which is focused on overly-aggressive racing. A sense of progression would be nice too.
[dark souls]	I just finished Assassin's Creed III and felt like it was a waste of 40 hours. I'm looking for something fun.   My absolute favorite games tend to be 2D games. I play Smash competitively, but it's not as fun when alone. I want something fun and challenging. I finished Super Meat Boy 106%, so that's out. I've played the Mega Man X and MMZero franchise. I've played every Zelda game. I've given up on Skyrim (feels slow and repetitive after a while).   I like games that require some skill to beat. I've played Bastion with "full difficulty." Loved it. I feel like nothing challenges me anymore. I've REALLY tired of shooters. I can't seem to play them for very long. I've given up halfway with shooters like and never finished like: Halo 2, Half-Life 1, Half-Life 2, Deus Ex: HR, &amp; Uncharted.   Torchlight I and II too quickly becomes a clickfest and boring. I don't feel like I'm really in control. If I up the difficulty it just turns out into, spam attacks, run away, heal, repeat. That removes Diablo series from the equation.  Mega Man X4 (as Zero) seems like to best describe what I would ideal want to play: extremely responsive controls and quick reaction time needed.  Kirby games are fun, and have the platforming aspects I like, but are WAY too easy (same goes for all Mario platformers).  Some games I've completed near 100%:  * All Assassin's Creed console games * VVVVV * Super Meat Boy * All Zelda games (minus CD-i, of course) * All major Mario games * Braid * Binding of Isaac * Darksiders II * Devil May Cry I &amp; III * Ninja Gaiden I &amp; II * All Mega Man X * Super Metroid * Metroid Fusion * Metroid Prime I, II, &amp; III * Little Big Planet I &amp; II * Comix Zone * Infamous I &amp; II * Shadow Complex * LittleBigPlanet I &amp; II * Mass Effect I, II, &amp; III * Portal I &amp; II * Original Prince of Persia I &amp; II * New Prince of Perisa (All) * Shadow of the Colossus * Ico * Kingdom of Amalur: Reckoning * Castlevania SOTN * All DS Castlevania Games * PixelJunk Series * Jedi Outcast   It seems like I'm VERY partial to Action-RPG games as well as loving 2D style (platformers, shooters and action games). I like Assassin's Creed and PoP's platforming. AssCreed has that time based countering in the combat system. I like that.    
[burnout paradise]	I installed the new Need for Speed Most Wanted yesterday, and it's ~~pretty good~~ alright, but it lacks the vehicle customization of some of the previous entries in the series (particularly the original Most Wanted, which I thoroughly enjoyed, and Carbon) which was a major aspect of those games that I liked. That, and the new one has zero plot. For a long time, I didn't have a computer able to handle recent games, so I've been playing old ones, but now that I can run anything I want at a decent rate, I'm looking to update my library.   So what are some good racing games I should look into now? I'm more interested in arcade racers than simulator-type games (gran turismo). It's fun to smash things up and do jumps. I also would like the ability to customize my car in many ways, since that was fun before.  I tried reinstalling the original Most Wanted today too, but it wouldn't run. Maybe compatibility issues, maybe registry/file access issues from having two games with the same name. I dunno.  tl;dr I miss the original NFSMW but it doesn't wanna run. What do?
[team fortress 2, counter-strike, borderlands 2, crysis 3]	Hi, guys. I'm looking for a new FPS and though about the new COD. I actually saved some money to get MoH:Warfighter but after seeing the bad reviews and bugs I won't get it. I already own Battlefield 3, so its not an option. I want a fast paced shooter with a good multiplayer and I think COD is the only option left. My problem is that I only heard bad stuff about COD. A lot of cheater, a bad community etc. COD 4 was the last COD I played so I can't judge about the current state. Another problem is that its only a port for PC so how is the peformance? Would you recommend me the new COD for PC or are there any other options available (Maybe Crysis 3?)?
[europa 1400: the guild]	I was wondering if anyone knew of an indie game or a lesser known game with some polish that had the types of elements of Harvest Moon, such as harvesting, starting small name and growing to a big successful entity, building a house to further yourself, etc. I tend to enjoy RPG elements such as getting better at your tasks or giving you a type of ability to help further your effectivness as well.  Story elements dont hurt but a sandbox wouldn't be horrible either as long as the game mechanics work well.  Micromanaging doesn't hurt either since I've loved Pokemon games and most JRPGs as well.  I have played nearly every Harvest Moon except for some of the more recent ones and none of those are even close to being as good as the N64 version and I have tried out Rune Factory and Animal Crossing. So I was hoping there would be something else out there that that can encompass that feeling of accomplishment.   Ive looked at Dwarf Fortress but the graphics just don't do it for me and I've considered Towns or Gnomoria but I'm just not sure if they are a fit either. Plus I'm waiting to see if they get put on steam too before further consideration.
[dungeon village]	I tried the demo of [Towns](http:// but was overwhelmed by the sheer amount of stuff you had to build and turned off by the UI. And I enjoyed [Recettear](http://, but the economy model (or lack thereof) sort of killed its replayability for me.  Should I tough it out with Towns and try to put in a longer play session to give it a fair shake? Are there any other games that fit this niche? Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.  **Edit:**   I really appreciate the responses and excellent suggestions everyone offered. You guys are great!   Here are suggestions gathered from below (plus what I linked above):   - [Towns](http://   - [Recettear](http://   - [Majesty](http://   - [Majesty 2](http://   - [Fallen Enchantress](http://   - [Swords &amp; Potions](http:// (flash game)   - [Dungeon Village](https://;referrer=utm_source%3Dkairopark%26utm_medium%3Dhouse_ad%26utm_campaign%3Dtext) (Android OS)   - [Merchant](http:// (unreleased - see [developer's page](http://   
[all games, paper rpg]	I played World of Warcraft for about 3 to 4 months, and I played Lord of the Rings Online for a couple years. After finally setting LotRO down for good, I realized what I loved about the game: I loved the huge, open world, I loved the community(unlike the community in WoW, which was awful), and I loved the setting and story. But after a lot of hours playing different classes, I realized that gameplay all started to boil down to which abilities to use on what, and in what order. It was the same formula no matter what class I used: Just find the right combo of moves to use at the right time, and stick to that one combo if you want to stay alive. I found gameplay to take the same formula in WoW, and in a lot of other MMO games that I toyed with.  --- I'd love any suggestions that include what make MMOs great (the world, the community, the replayability) without the same old tired press-this-button-now gameplay. 
[mass effect 2, lost odyssey, out there]	So here's the deal. I've been playing games since 1993. Played pretty much every console, all major games and most more obscure ones. I used to love RPGs, but I don't seem to have the attention span for them anymore. I own an Xbox360 and a low-end laptop right now, and there just doesn't seem to be anything original and interesting to play any more. For months now, I've been excited for new releases (Borderlands 2, Doom 3 BFG, Lollipop Chainsaw), only to realize i'm just not having fun.   Can you guys possibly suggest a game that's original, maybe quirky, addictive, and doesn't require a huge time investment to enjoy? I'm down for any genre at all.   Thanks! :)  Edit: Thank you guys for all the detailed suggestions and everything, it was very helpful! Looks like I'm going to try To The Moon, Planescape Torment (for real this time), and I'm going to give Bastion and Super Mario Galaxy another shot.   Edit 2: My laptop has decided to more or less give up on me. Nothing will work properly when it comes to games right now. I won't be able to get a new computer till I file my tax return. So I dusted off my Wii. After playing New Super Mario Bros. Wii, and SSBB for a while, I can say I'm starting to feel the old joy of gaming come back. Looks like I'm gonna stick to Nintendo for a while, guys. :)
[in medieval times, crusader kings 2]	I like [Solar 2](http://, [Alien Swarm](http://, [Audiosurf](http://, Portal, Age of Mythology, Empire Earth, Age of Empires, Halo Wars, Halo, Gears of War, Spore, Goldeneye 64, Time Splitters 2, Sim City, [Plague Inc](https://, etc.  I'm sorry if this is too vague. Alternately you could suggest your personal favourites to me.  Also, would you recommend the Heart of Iron series?
[heroes of might and magic 3, they bleed pixels, super meat boy, baldur's gate, giana sisters, dustforce]	Recently, I completed Dark Souls. It is truly the most amazing game I've ever played. I enjoyed it mostly because it really took a lot of skill to play. The fact that there was virtually no hand-holding at all made it much more fun. So, I'd love to play more games that require skill to play, as easy (and most average difficulty) games don't impress me anymore.  Just two constraints :  1. The game should be available for PC.  2. The game shouldn't be multiplayer oriented.  EDIT : Thanks for the suggestions so far, guys! I'll definitely try as many as I can! 
[star fox 64 3d, mario kart 7]	Howdy! I just ordered a 3DS XL, along with: -Kingdom Hearts -Kid Icarus: Uprising -Resident Evil: Revelations -Tales of the Abyss -Super Mario 3D Land -Dead or Alive: Dimensions  While that'll definitely keep me entertained for god only knows how many wonderful hours, I was wondering if there's anything else I could/should possibly add to the pile?   I'm kinda new to the crazy world of Nintendo (outside owning a Gamecube for RE0, and a DS pretty much just for Pokemon). I've heard good things about Star Fox and Ocarina of Time, but are they the sort of game anyone can still get into; or are they mostly for people who fondly remember the N64 originals?
[tropico]	I was a fan of the *Godfather* video games despite their flaws. I liked the "personal touch" you would get from expanding the Corleone control in *Godfather I* taking down huge compounds by yourself, and I liked the crew mechanics and customization in *Godfather II*, but their flaws did weigh them down somewhat (same-y-ness in *I*, huge deviation from source material in *II*, among other things).  Aside from the Saints Row games (which I love), I can't think of any other games where you're either a criminal/outlaw/antihero and expanding your influence/empire. What other games are out there along the lines of these series? Sorry I couldn't be more specific, this just seemed like the easiest description and comparison to use.
[europa universalis 3, hearts of iron iii, crusader kings ii, victoria 2]	This is a fairly specific request, but I'm open to things that are similar instead of exactly the same.  We used to play [Cossacks](http://, until new versions of Windows and routers and computers finally made the multiplayer no longer work. Cossacks allowed us to play an RTS on a team, but divide up the decisions and micromanagement among as many people as we wanted. This allowed one of us to focus on economy and one on military, until there was a large battle. During large battles, one of us would grab artillery and cavalry, the other infantry. It was overall an excellent co-op experience. When you had 3-4 people controlling one side, we could actually put together complex tactical operations.  [Civ 5](http:// is a great multiplayer strategy game, but it doesn't allow two people to control the same nation on two PCs, building a nation together. [Settlers 7](http:// appeals to us, but the multiplayer also doesn't allow this nice feature -- each player has to build their own base even if they are on a team. Other games that I wish we could play in this way include [Children of the Nile](http:// and  [Sins of a Solar Empire](http://  Can anyone think of anything in one of these genres (Strategy, RTS, citybuilding, anything nearby) that might offer a similar experience?
[prince of persia, darksiders]	Hey Reddit, My girlfriend recently finished the God of War series and is now looking for a new game. The problem is, she's very specific about what she wants to play and I'm not sure if I can accomodate.  She wants a linear experience, preferably not in first-person, that doesn't feature guns or other firearms. She wants an action-y experience (nothing turn-based) and she has trouble handling a camera (which isn't really a problem in most modern games).  As I said she enjoyed the God of War series and she also really liked Portal 1 &amp; 2.  Do you guys know anything?  Edit: I own a PS3 and a PC, and I can run PS2 games on my PC.  Edit 2: Thanks for all the suggestions so far.
[diablo]	Looking for a nice game that I can sink a LOT of hours into, something where I can spend a lot of time leveling up and getting stronger with better loot etc. Classes is a MUST, as I'm looking to play an archer.  Not really looking for an MMO, as online communities in those kinds of games are terrible.  Preferrably something open world, but a dungeon crawler would be fine.  The closest thing I've found is Torchlight 2, I love it but looking for something new.  I am NOT interested in the following:  -Fallout  -Elder Scrolls  -Dishonored  -Dragon Age   Thanks in advance
[xbox 360]	Before we start talking about the exclusives let me inform you that I already played most of the ps3 exclusives I wanted to play.  Unlike many others I don't care about the Uncharted series (good and very solid games, but not exactly my type), I played killzone 2 (Which I did like quite a bit), but never played the third one.  The ones that I would play if I ended up buying a new ps3 would be Killzone 3 and littlebigplanet 2(I really liked the first one).   However if I bought an xbox360, I would end up buying every halo game (perhaps skip ODST), GOW 2/3 and probably a few others.  Also I would buy red dead redemption and FF XIII for either system.   The ps3 would end up cheaper since I already have a 250 GB HDD, but i feel that I would end up playing the 360 a lot more.  So, tell me, whats the best choice here?
[god of war, god of war]	I'm kind of hard to please and tend to lose interest in games if they don't do one of the following:  -Really good storyline that makes you want to find out what happens next (Heavy Rain, pretty much any Final Fantasy)  -Macabre and over-the-top, but relatively easy action (Alice games, Shadows of the Damned)  For some reason, I liked FF XIII a lot while recognizing its numerous flaws, and I can't get into XIII-2 at all for some reason.  It seems like most people feel the opposite about these two games.  I'm about 20 hours into the game and have absolutely no idea what I'm even supposed to be doing any more.  (Like many other people, FFVI is my all-time fave in the series, and I'm going to DL FFVII from the store)  Also, if a game is too hard I'll generally just put it down or rage-quit.  I like RPGs that aren't too insanely open and complex - I couldn't get into the Elder Scrolls or Fallout games.  They make me feel like a senile old man in a Walmart.  I guess the reason I liked FF XIII is that it did enough hand-holding that I didn't get totally lost.  I tend not to like anime-style graphics, as well.   I've added Dead Island (over the top, macabre, mindless violence), Shadow of the Colossus (just seems to be universally favored so I'll give it a whirl), and Dungeon Siege III (I haven't played it and understand that it might fall into the category of being more open-ended and complicated than I normally go for, but I'll try it anyhow).  Are there any others worth considering?  I can't think of a damn thing to ask for for Christmas and need a few more ideas.  
[final fantasy, saints row, diablo 2, gta]	Space Pirates and Zombies is a good example of what I am looking for. The player's fleet begins with a few tiny class ships which are fragile and have weak weaponry. As the game progresses, larger ship classes are salvaged, better weaponry is purchased, and the player can fight a larger opposition. By the end of the game, the player is in control of 4 battle-ready ships ranging from huge to small classes fighting large fleets of ships.  Pokemon is another example. Players begin with his or her level 5 starter Pokemon. The team gets stronger as you capture, train, and evolve your Pokemon. When the player is ready to face the elite four, the team involves 6 fully evolved Pokemon of your choice all around level 50 or higher.  What are some PC games that fulfill the same feeling of starting small and ending with an 'unstoppable' team or character?  I prefer having a good variety in customization or choice.
[minecraft]	Hi all!  I'm looking for a game to LP.  I was thinking of either 2 genres.  1.  HORROR.  I've played amnesia and penumbra.  Would like something along those lines, would be fun.  2. A Harvest moon style game.  Or, a monster simulator.  Something like that.  I've played Terraria and MC and like the open-world building and farming type aspects of it.  Animal crossing and Harvest Moon are among my favorites.   Also looking for something like Pokemon, Monster Rancher, Dragon Warrior Monster, etc.  Anything like that on PC would be super awesome!  Also, lower-end games would be preferred.  Since I'll be running FRAPS and the game at the same time on 4 GB of RAM on my laptop, something less intensive is preferred!   Thanks for the help!!
[just cause 2]	Heya there....  there was a time for me when I switched from my old ass Pc as a gaming machine to the xbox360. Back in the days I used to like playing shooters but as I never got used to playing shooters with the pad instead of the superior WASD &amp; mouse I skipped a lot of tripple A titles, namely those that involve aiming via pad. There were some that I could play (the GTAs, Red Dead Redemption and Fallout 3 come to mind due to autoaiming and VATS).  With the X-mas budget this year I will finally be able to update to an OK gaming Pc (weapon of choice here is a Sapphire HD7770 GC). Now it is time for me to catch up with some classics I was not able to play until then. What I have in mind is cross platform titles or Pc exclusives I was not able to play due to hardware / Xbox pad. What instantly went onto my X-mas wishlist was the Orange Box (HL2, Portal etc.) and a Bioshock / Oblivion collection.  What else might I be missing?
[dark cloud 2, persona 3]	I have always enjoyed the Harvest Moon games but they always left me longing for more. I played Recettear in the past and loved the solid dungeon crawling right beside the item shop dealing. However, I found the end a little too grindy, especially that huge tower with long floors. Lately, I have been playing Rune Factory Oceans and enjoy it quite a bit. But the dodgy combat really takes away from the experience as well as the auto-farming.  Has there been similar life simulator games out there on the market? Preferably with an "unique" factor to it such as Recettear and Rune Factory's dungeon crawling.
[the binding of isaac, plants vs. zombies, team fortress 2, minecraft, simcity 4, portal 2]	My girlfriend's old laptop died and I bought her a new Alienware one to replace it. She wanted it because it was 'pretty'.  Now that she has it though, she has mentioned that she should probably try playing some games on it. So far, all that's on there is The Sims 3 which she does enjoy and plays a bit here and there.  The only other game that I know she likes is the God of War series. I know these two games don't exactly go together well but it's all I have to draw from for ideas. She has played Civilization 5 a couple times on my computer. I'm not sure how much she liked it though. She is a bit of a history buff too.. Tudor era to be precise.  I think she'd like something somewhat girly but still somewhat serious and involved. She's smart and likes using her intelligence so she'd get bored easily if the content was shallow. Probably not something with a steep learning curve.  I figure, if I can find something she really enjoys playing... It'll give me more time for my gaming!  Any ideas or suggestions are greatly appreciated.
[the witcher]	I loved playing FFVII AND FFX for that reason, it wasn't so much the art style or actual gameplay as it was the previously stated traits.   I'm enjoying Bioshock at the moment and I also started Mass Effect a little while back (though I don't really like swapping the characters and I find it hard to keep track of what I'm supposed to be doing).  I had a similar problem with Skyrim in that I have thousands of sidequests that I might be able to complete and then one main quest somewhere buried in my massive list on things to do.  D3 had a really passive story line, it just happened around me, I didn't feel involved at all.  I guess something else I'd like is a strong attachment to the character. I don't want the character to be ignored because you're supposed to imagine that the character is you, I want the character to be someone completely different from me and I'm just observing their story.  I guess that's what I really liked about those FF games.
[mark of the ninja, the walking dead]	[My Wishlist](http:// is full of good deals for this sale, but my budget and time is strained.  I'm interested  in both games quite a bit.  I love stealth games, but I also loved the decision/choice branching in Alpha Protocol - which is why Walking Dead is on my radar.    Two very different games, and I'm stuck in between the two.  Perhaps I'll wait for the first flash sale.  Update:  Due to the time limit, I got Walking Dead.  Hopefully there's enough left for a possible flash sale for Mark of the Ninja. Thanks for the help!
[scp]	For those that don't know, the [Weeping Angles](http:// are creatures from Doctor Who. What makes them special is that they freeze to stone whenever somebody is looking at them, they are only able move when they are outside everybodies field of view. This means they are always just seen as static stone statures, yet able to move and be dangerous, especially when the lights go out.  Are there any modern games with enemies similar to that? One classic examples that comes to mind would be the ghosts in Super Mario Bros 3 who would freeze when you look at them, but I am searching for something more modern especially something that makes use of a first person view point. Suggestion about other games with similar non-obvious/stealthy enemy behavior are welcome as well. 
[barbie horse adventures, planescape: torment, dwarf fortress, baldur's gate, mirror's edge, homeworld, max payne, deus ex, iji]	I've played a lot of video games in my time. I've basically run out of ideas as to what to get. I'm on a PC so I have tons of choices. Any suggestions? Here's an overview of what I've played.    1. Half-life series. 1&amp;2.   2. Mass Effect 1&amp;2.   3. Basically every Zelda game ever.   4. Spec Ops: The Line 5. Minecraft   6. Silent Hill 2   7. Resident Evil 4.   8. The Sims - All of them.   9. Simcity 4.   10. Magicka.   11. All of the Elder Scrolls games.   12. Fallout 2, 3, &amp; New Vegas   13. Borderlands.   14. Fable 1, 2, 3.   15. Hitman games   16. Assassin's Creed series.   17. Portal series.   18. Mario games    This is just a brief overview of what I've played, not a full list.  I've played plenty more, too. I was just wondering if you could steer me in the direction of a really good game with a strong story. I don't care about graphics. Just try not to suggest point-and-click games. :P Thanks everyone, happy holidays.
[borderlands 2]	Hi. I've been craving the rush of collecting items but I can't seem to find a game that satisfies that urge completely.   I'd be interested in a game with either a "booster pack" system of sorts, or one with the everpresent "rare drop". That rush of adrenaline when you get an item that is on a low drop rate is so satisfying. I don't have a preferred genre of game, it can be a dungeon crawler, a card game, mmo or single player, anything really (except maybe sports game, unless you got the perfect game, I can't stop you). Platform also shouldn't be a problem.   I'm already aware of Diablo, Monster Hunter, TF2, but if you got any brilliant games that would get me going, please tell me all about it.      Cheers!
[shadow of the colossus, resonance of fate, metal gear solid, final fantasy 13, mass effect]	This is my first console since the N64 :x (I'm mostly a PC gamer) Bought the PS3 bundle which included the Infamous and Uncharted series.  I'm mostly looking for single player RPG games, fantasy if possible. On the PC I loved Dragon Age (having my choice for dialogue and how the adventure unfolds was amazing), and the Elder Scroll series (the graphics, story line, endless line of quests, were all appealing to me). I was told I would enjoy Mass Effect and plan on starting that soon.  Are the games I got in the bundle worth playing? What games for the PS3 would you suggest?
[galactic civilizations ii, sins of a solar empire, europa universalis, crusader kings 2, special forces, hearts of iron, fleet command, endless space, this game, this game, this game, this game, star wars, star wars, cut it]	Long ago my brother and I played Star Wars: Rebellion together; recently we've gotten back into it. Are there any other similar games?   For those that don't know, SW: Rebellion is a sort of 4X game. You are either the Empire or Rebellion, and the game starts right after the battle of Yavin. You control a few planets and use a few starting characters to sway more planets to your side, build troops, build ships, and go on to control the galaxy.  I know there are many 4x games out there, but Rebellion strikes me as fairly unique in the way that it balances multiple "levels": you have characters ( Vader) and they matter, but you also have troops and ships and planets and facilities, etc.  I'm looking for recommendations for more recent games with a similar "flavor." They don't have to be Star Wars games. They also don't have to be super recent or have great graphics; just something with a bit better interface and graphics would be nice.
[dungeons of dredmor, dungeon crawl, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike]	So I need a game to play during class when class is boring as hell. My laptop isn't that good so I can't play high end games. A lot of games also tends to drain my battery abnormally fast.  Basically I need a game for either something like NES/SNES or GBA or maybe something from RPG maker. Anything too much more advanced kills my battery. So something like a Gamecube or PS2 emulator is out of the question. Haven't tried a PS1 emulator yet but I think it kills my battery all the same.  I prefer RPGs as I can just spend hours grinding.  Some games I've beaten to avoid redundant ideas: Golden Sun 1+2, Chrono Trigger, All the Earthbound games, All the Final Fantasy games on handheld, All the Pokemon games, Labyrinth of Touhou (which took me hundreds of hours), all the handheld and SNES Fire Emblem games, Cave Story  Anyone got any good suggestions?
[wasteland 2, mass effect, daggerfall, daggerfall, war games, total war, dead end, know how, avernum]	Hi folks - I've found the games I enjoy the most are those where I can sustain a single character / narrative for hundreds of hours, where I don't feel forced to continue playing but where the game continues to develop and keep me engaged. Examples of these games I have enjoyed:  * Bethesda RPGs,  their Fallouts, the Elder Scrolls series * Europa Universalis * Mass Effect 1, 2, 3 (in sequence) - not exactly what I'm looking for because you can't jump back and forth between them * Civilization - can be tougher to stretch this one out, but recent iterations have the "Marathon" option * Pokemon GB games * Various MUDs * Stalker series * Minecraft * (edit) Simcity 4  From what I've read elsewhere here, there are many mainstream MMOs that would satisfy this, but I am afraid I'm a little too picky when it comes to RP / quality of immersion so I prefer singleplayer games or text-based MUDs.  Also:  * I naturally have a bias towards open-ended games, but a very well made story-based game is great too. * I'm not very picky about genre * I'm not concerned with graphics / newness as long as it is well-made (I played text-based MUDs, after all...)  Thanks in advance!
[planescape torment , endless ocean]	Combat in games is always nice, but lately I've actually been craving something different. I noticed a change in my desires while playing two games: Minecraft and SWTOR.  I like to play Minecraft on Peaceful, where there are no enemies. Because it basically becomes a blocky Harvest Moon without the RPG elements. Just simple farming, gathering, and building.  SWTOR intrigued me because, of all things, the Crew Skills. I love companions in video games, especially MMOs, and the fact that they were actually useful amazed me. Before the game went F2P, I remember playing on a friend's account and just sitting around sending my companions off to do Crew Skill missions for hours and hours.  What I'm hoping to find is a PC game (MMO or otherwise) or older game that I can run on an emulator. What I'd like is a game where you can enjoy the game without having to put up with combat, or where combat isn't the focus. My two biggest desires: story and non-combat elements. (Yes, I've said non-combat a lot.)  I know about The Walking Dead game, so please don't suggest that.  If you have questions that might help you better suggest a game or games, I'll try and answer as best I can.
[katawa shoujo]	First of all, don't just downvote me for looking for this kind of game. My wife likes to watch me play games like this.   OK, I'm looking for a good hentai/porn game. The focus is on the word good. I've not liked most of the hentai games I've played. It has to fulfill the following conditions:  1) It should not be so awkward that only a virgin 12 year old will like it.  2) Females should look similar to real human beings. No woman has a boob bigger than double the size of her head.  3) It should not be too much porn with no story. But it shouldn't be too much story with no porn. Both extremes are boring, specially to my wife, because she is only watching me play.  I first used the search the function, but it looks like no one has ever asked for this kind of game in here before. I hope you can help me. Is there a good porn game for adults?  Edit: Platforms: PC, PSP, Android. Preferably PC.
[star wars: the old republic]	Hello,  Some background:  I played a warlock in WoW for some time. After a while the warlock became boring and I started leveling a Priest. I levelled him most of the time as a healer in dungeons (with the dungeon finder). I spammed those dungeons. I really enjoyed the part  of being a helping hand for the group although I was not doing (not so much) damage.  This was more than 2,5 years ago now. I would really enjoy doing that again.. but in a different game.  so what i'm searching for is a Game that gives me Following:  * preferably an MMO * the opportunity to level up just with Healing/Tanking ( in Dungeons with a Group).     Downtimes are ok, you can't go into a Dungeon at lvl 1.    * a dungeon finder(that doesn't take half an hour to find a group) * variety of dungeons  What i played:  * WoW (like nearly everybody did)  * Rift (only to like lvl 19 but with a damage dealer and i only did like 1 dungeon with him)  * TERA (Healing is.. interesting, but the races bug me a bit - beaver healer)  EDIT: The same goes with a Tank (healing would be better)   TL;DR : Searching for an MMO to level up in dungeons by just being a healer/tank.
[blacklight: retribution, gotham city impostors, team fortress 2, killing floor, left 4 dead 2, all games, portal 2, dota 2, dota 2, tf2]	I am looking for an online game that me and my boyfriend can play together. There are a few restrictions though. First, we are long-distance so it can't be mario cart. Second, he has a not so good mac to play on. Most preferably something we can play coop. Don't want grindtastic MMOs (though other MMOs are ok). We are both gamers so nothing like farmville or super-bejeweled-with-friends-or-something.  So far we are looking at Terraria and Vindictus (I know, totally different). Other suggestions would be cool.
[splinter cell, blood money, blood money, in between, this game, this game, hitman, hitman]	I'll probably end up getting all of them eventually but I need to prioritise. I love the stealth based action of Hitman games and haven't played one for a while. It also appeals to me as you have options, like Dishonoured seems to have, and Dishonoured reminds me a lot of Bioshock which is no bad thing.  AC3 looks great but if AC2 is anything to go by, it's less of a mental/strategic challenge. Having said that I do enjoy the open world nature of it and how there is lots to do.  So it's probably a choice between Hitman and Dishonoured but if anyone can convince me to get AC3 instead, that would be cool.  I'm not in any rush to make a decision.  Also I spent ages looking for a place to pose this question and I felt this was appropriate. Apologies if it isn't.
[guild wars 2]	Im looking for a mmo with fluid combat like no hiccups in movement for anything but spells you have to cast or channel. You should be able to jump backwards face the enemy in air and fire instant spells mid air and then face back and keep running when landing etc. Basically fluid like wow was, probably is. Im very much a pvper so I'd prefer it to have several battlegrounds, arenas or whatever with maybe a ranking system and/or reward system. Im not looking to join a big guild and do raiding and I don't want to be complete shit in pvp cause I get heavily outgeard by people who do pve.  Preferably a free to play(atleast no subscription) one with a decent player pool... Im currently downloading Allods online after looking around some, not sure about pvp system and what not but it seemed decent. Also checking out Aion since it's free nowadays, haven't decided yet though. Any tips?
[firefall]	I'm looking for a good game that can run on my laptop: Lenovo Y570.  The specs are:  * i7  GHz Quad Core * 8 GB RAM * GT 555M Graphics Card  I don't need the prettiest graphics but I don't enjoy super retro either.  I prefer 3d games and need them to run at a pretty stable 60fps or so.    Games I've **loved**:  * Vanilla WoW * Team Fortress 2   Games I've **liked**:  * Portal 1&amp;2 * CS:GO * Mirror's Edge * Orcs Must Die * Assasin's Creed 2 (I disliked brotherhood for some reason and couldn't finish it) * Just Cause 2 * Quake Live * Diablo 3 / Torchlight 2* I think that these games are OK, not great.  I found them fun but feel like I'm pointlessly grinding with no benefit.   Games I **hated**:  * Skyrim,  of the Bethesda games (sorry!)   Single player or multiplayer are both fine.  I like games that are either replayable or don't really end.  I like skill-based games where I can get better over time.  Interesting combat or game mechanics are a must. I used to be really into WoW pvp before I quit many years ago.   Hope some of this can help you make a suggestion or two.  Thanks for your help!    
[assassin's creed ii]	Hi everyone. I've been having a really hard time for the past few years, because I keep buying games, but getting bored with them very quickly. I'd really like some suggestions for games from all of you. Here are some games that I've purchased that have bored me:  Scribblenauts Unlimited - too easy  Bioshock - fun at first (good storyline, graphics, unique, etc.), but got bored 3/4 through!  Hero's Quest, King's Quest - used to be fun, but not enough clues to keep you moving along without looking up hints  Roller Coast Tycoon - after you beat 2 levels, it's all the same.  Animal Crossing for Wii - I actually kind of enjoy this game, but you can only play for so long before you can't 'check' anything else.  Tales of Monkey Island - got about 1/2-1 hour into this game, bad storyline, bad jokes, and no action.  Portal 2 - repetitive  Diablo 2 - really liked it it at first, but got bored because of repetitiveness and the fact that there were never any surprises  Oblivion - really nice graphics and music, but was quite bored with it.  World of Goo - extremely boring and repetitive  Braid - great graphics and music, a bit too hard for me, though.  WoW - absolutely loved battlegrounds and twinking, but once they did the 'turn on/off' xp, the waiting times were too long, and I didn't like anything else about the game (hated doing "chores," and dungeons were no longer fun when I could not longer use my items in the battlegrounds)  I can't think of any others off the top of my head. I've been really disappointed with some of these games because a few of them are really talked up! Like Tales of Monkey Island, for example.  To give you an idea of what I do like: I love **Ocarina of Time, Majora's Mask, Twilight Princess, and Skyward Sword** (TP probably is my favorite). I love the adventure, absolutely love the music, love the characters and the gameplay (the mix of strategy and action). These Zelda games are my favorite games of all time, hands down. I also really enjoy **DOTA 2** (but not League of Legends). I like the competitive aspect, the intense teammwork required, the overhead view, and the fact that you can play with friends, and the graphics :) I also kind of liked the **Harvest Moon** games, but same thing as with Animal Crossing, there's only so much you can do. Also enjoyed **Okami**, but not to the extent of Zelda. It actually gets boring at times! I also liked **Limbo** a lot, but was pissed at what I thought to be a sloppy plot, especially at the end. I also really liked **Shenmue** when I played it about 5 years ago. I thought the whole format of the game was very cool. **Super Mario 64**, too. I watched some friends play Super Mario Galaxy a while back, but it didn't look as fun as SM64. I also enjoyed playing **L4D and L4D2** with my friends, because it truly involved a lot of teamwork, especially at the end of the sections, and the graphics were nice too. I really don't care about zombies like a lot of people do; I just thought the game was fun with friends. I also remember liking **Gaia** for Super Nintendo (although I believe I got bored with it near the end, because I got stuck!)  Can anyone offer some good suggestions for games? I can game on PC, Game Cube, Wii, and PS2 (not sure if my PS2 still works, though!) I have been wanting the game Shadow of the Colossus, but I'm not sure if I'd like it. I also would like to try out  it stops being $200 to purchase ;)  It's getting a bit depressing, spending all this money and not liking any of the games that I buy :( Is it a hopeless cause? Please let me know if you have any suggestions. 
[planescape: torment, fallout: new vegas, chrono trigger, chrono trigger, mass effect, mass effect, this game, fallout 3, mother 3, diablo]	I've never been much of an RPG fan. I've tried a couple of Final Fantasy games but never got into them and I've kind of judged the rest of the genre based on that. I don't care much for turn based fighting systems/point scoring and dislike using menu screens, but I do really like games that are plot driven and wanted to try something with alternative endings. Because of this I've been recommended Mass Effect and Dragon Age a few times and thought I'd ask you bunch of aficionados what you thought. Also, if you could give me some insight into what I'm missing out on in the rpg world that would be great. Thanks.
[demon's souls]	I played through the walking dead for the first time  the other day, and sobbed loudly for about the last 20 minutes. I am actually fairly sure it may be the best game I have ever played. Please find me more like that? I've teared up a little before at games - I really didn't see the end of CoD4 coming, Bastion was incredibly moving, and (don't laugh) romancing Kaidan in ME3 after all we'd been through together, well - let's just say manly tears were shed. But I want something that won't make me tear up, but will actually make me sob dramatically.  EDIT 1: PC Only, forgot to mention  EDIT 2: Wow, consensus really points towards To The Moon. Added to wishlist to remind me to buy it tomorrow. Anything else?  EDIT 3: Played To The Moon. Sobbed almost constantly.
[the walking dead]	Be it that it's a love of the characters, or well written, or anything that draws you in and forces you into an attachment for the characters. To me this can range from a game designed to be sad, like To the Moon, or something where everything grows on my over the course of a series (I was tearing up at the end of Portal 2)  Other games I should note like this for me:  The Kingdom Hearts games. Despite how campy the dialogue was I couldn't help but love them and feel sad at the end of the first one.   Mother 3. I love the entire series, but that game had me crying more than once.  And that's pretty much it.   EDIT: Not strictly sad, but something that will get me invested in the story, maybe to the point that I panic if something bad happens.   EDIT2: MAJORA'S. MASK. How the hell did I forget that one?
[game over]	So recently I've really enjoyed Thief 2, Hitman 2, Mark of the Ninja etc. I'd love to play more games like that but I'm not really sure what to look for. If you're going to recommend any PC games, make sure they have really low system requirements, my PC is terrible.   I've tried Hitman Blood Money but I can't even get past the menu on my PC so I'll have to get the console version. I'll also be getting Absolution soon. I have played the other Thief games but I don't like the fantasy elements at all: I want pure stealth, no combat to get in the way.  I tried Stealth Bastard as well, it didn't run too well. I bought the original Deus Ex on GOG, seems pretty good but the brightness bugged out so I can't see what I'm doing.  I don't want any RPG elements if possible, but I do want to have some other techniques to help other than just sticking to the shadows (like the tools in Thief or disguises in Hitman). I'd love another assassination-style game like Hitman. 
[battle for wesnoth, kotor]	I recently made a post asking about if anyone could suggest a tactical squad based RPG game and I got alot of awesome tips, but then I didn't describe what I was looking for very well.   So now when I've given it a real thought a light lit up for me, the game I was searching for was a game that is like Dragon Age (the first one). It fit exactly everything I was looking for (an RPG where you control a few group members in a fantasy-midieval setting).   But I've completed the first Dragon Age and also KoToR (which I also loved) and I've given Dragon Age 2 a fair shot but I just can't get into it and am looking for a similar RPG where you control a squad, but when the game also is more action intense like Dragon Age is compared to Baldurs Gate.   So I'm wondering if anyone here at [/r/gamingsuggestions](/r/gamingsuggestions) could help me out once more in my search of a game that would fit in atleast some of these criterias!
[sins of a solar empire: rebellion, sins of a solar empire: rebellion, sins of a solar empire: trinity, sins of a solar empire: trinity, endless space , pick up]	Similar to X3 or Freelancer or Star Sonata?  I enjoyed X3 well enough, but after 50 hours the crappy graphics and interface started to wear on me. I've never played Freelancer (should I?) but from what I've heard but the description it seems almost like what I want. Star Sonata was great but I want a single player game and star Sonata pushes you more towards one really big ship because of the unavailability of building space (which is funny actually, because IRL space is fucking empty as crap).  Since X3 is closest to want I want, I'll describe how I played it. I spent the bit of the game running combat missions for money. Pick a faction an be a mercenary in their way type stuff. I think that's the most important part for me, that the combat (whether it be first person or third [&lt;- probably not the right terms) be at least satisfying. I grind that until I got something more substantial than an intro fighter,  a cruiser or destroyer or whatever. Then I buy some intro cargo ships (I could begin the game with intro cargo ships but meh) to start empire building part. Then the game gets really cool, deciding how to split money between infrastructure / fleet support / combat support, and building rep and controlling space in your own right.  Writing that made me wanna play it again but I know I'm just gonna load it up, and then immediately close it again.  If that description sounds cool for you, I do recommend X3 if you can handle crappy interfaces. X3 stopped being fun as I got deeper into the "empire" portion since that's when you started spending much more time staring at interface.  Suggest or give me some keywords to look for some similar games?  I'm cool with other theme types (Middle Ages / Apocalyptic / etc) but I think this is mainly a space game thing. 
[sins of a solar empire]	I really like the Age Of Empires III game, but it "ends" once you conquer the small land on each board and have destroyed all existence of your enemy.  Is there a game like that but that doesn't end?  I know of "Civilization", but that is a turn based game (as far as I remember) where I setup a few moves, execute, then the other guy goes, then me, etc.  (right?).  AOE was just continuous building/fighting/exploring, etc.  A linux-playable game is ideal, but Windows is OK, too.  Also completely offline game play, so MMOs are out.  Thanks!  
[neverwinter nights]	I am growing bored on games in general.   I love the gaming community, the feelings you get when beating a game, the sense of achievement but also the immersion. To be able to put real world problems and stress aside and enjoy getting things done for your own fun. Strictly speaking, I want to find a game to reignite my will to play games, or one that will keep me busy long enough for it to come back naturally.   I've played MMOs for several years. Everything from LotrO, WoW, Champions Online, Guild Wars 2, Tera and a few others. Some lasted for years, some lasted for weeks.   I love roleplaying games aswell, games like Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Bioshock, and Metro 2033. Games where you can just get lost in the digital world.   I am not fond of RTS games, but apart from that, everything is fine.      So, /r/gamingsuggestions, Got any ideas?
[castle crashers, borderlands 2]	I've run out of ideas of good two player games (Co-op or Vs) to play with my boyfriend. He is 100% a PC gamer where I am a console fan-girl. He's into diablo, League of legends, WoW, etc. I am more into the zelda, final fantasy, God of War, Bioshock, and Assassin's creed series.  Currently we play the mario games (world, kart, party, etc) but I want to move away from the mario games. He's much not into FPS and neither am I, although, I have suggested  3 (due to the co-op story mode) but he didn't seem interested. Are there any games out there that offer a co-op story mode?  Help! By the way, I'd like to stick to console as my PC (laptop) is not up to even current average gaming specks. I do own the main consoles though (SNES, N64, WII, PS3[backwards compatible], and 360).    Much thanks in advance!
[dungeons of dredmor]	I'm looking for a relatively modern strategy/simulation game to play (not a competitive RTS). For example SimCity 4 or Civ 5, both of which I enjoyed.  Elements I'm interested in:   * Developing your own personal empire (empire in the general sense of the word, not necessarily a country/military)  * Creative freedom in how you develop said empire  * Strategic depth but not an overly steep learning curve  * An emphasis on thoughtful decision making  * Interesting story, or if not a proper story then an interesting setting  * A sense of exploring the unknown  * Doesn't have to be bleeding edge, but modern graphics/eye candy  I'm open to slower/turn based games, and also faster 'crisis management' gameplay.  I've been eyeing Tropico 4 and Anno 2070, would either of those be a good choice?
[transport tycoon deluxe, cities in motion 2, dwarf fortress, city builder, blockscape, blockscape, fairy tale, minecraft, simcity 4, tropico 4, cities xl, sim city, know how, openttd, openttd, give up, sc4]	hey!  My gf is looking for a game where you build a city / kingdom, preferably middle ages (modern will do as well i guess)   she saw minecraft and liked the idea of it, but the graphics scared her away... she wants it to look "Pretty" if the games you suggest can run on a mac, it would be even sweeter. (not a requirement though, but its prefered)  she knows of theme park (and i guess sim city as well) but are there any newer similar games like this? (that dont suck horribly)  i love these games myself, and im currently playing prison architect, but thats not something for her, she claims.  
[playstation]	I'm reading through Steven King's Dark Tower series and reading those books really makes me want to play a game that's all about a journey of some kind.  I've played Oblivion/Skyrim and other games like that, obviously there is some travel, but it's mostly incidental.  Are there any games where the whole game is a journey and you're constantly overcoming obstacles and traveling toward a single goal?  I've tried Googling and all I get are suggestions for good video games to give your kids when you're traveling.
[neverwinter nights, level 5, dnd]	The biggest interests in my life are gaming and animals. Therefore I look for games where you either play as a shapeshifter, a beastmaster or even as an animal.  The genre should be RPG, hence no Nintendogs or Secret of the magic crystal (Although nothing negative against these games, havn't played any of them)  I have played: World of Warcraft, Diablo (all), Skyrim, Oblivion, Morrowind, Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines. Where it was possible being either a shapeshifter or a beastmaster.  Okami is a very well made game where you play as an animal.
[star wars: the old republic, star trek online, space travel, mass effect, freelancer, freelancer, eve online, starbound, starbound, starbound, minecraft, minecraft]	Like a completely open universe game, where you can travel to different planets on a spaceship(that you can control) and discover what is on that planet, whether it be minerals to mine, or a hostile alien race, or another earth where a few castaway humans have found a sanctuary.  You can get missions to go to different planets, and you have to fly there to first discover them, then you can fast travel so it's not like all your time will be  in the spaceship. Also you can just go explore the universe, and find places that might have significance later in the game, or just a random place that never gets mentioned in the game, you just got lucky enough to stumble upon it in your adventure.  I've never played Mass effect, so I don't know if that would fall into my category. Also it seems sort of like Ratchet and clank, but this would be that times like 10. You get to actually maneuver your spaceship, and the planets are all open to complete exploration, rather than a sort of set path.   Is this game real?
[never mind]	My gaming needs have been satisfied by the xbox 360 for a long time and now that I'm 21, married, and have the dough to buy myself a gaming PC. I would like the wisdom of those that have been on the journey longer than I have. I currently have a Dell Inspiron 15r laptop which works like a cardboard box when it comes to gaming. I bought the Left 4 Dead bundle and Portal 2 on steam yesterday! Since I currently have a really weak system I was wondering what kind of game recommendations steam users would have for me to buy and enjoy. I'd really like to get into some friendly/competitive multiplayer games that my system can handle. I discovered PCpartpicker as well and tried playing around with that to see what I could come up with. Here's something I whipped up. [PCPartPicker part list](http:// / [Price breakdown by merchant](http:// / [Benchmarks](http://  Type|Item|Price :----|:----|:---- **CPU** | [Intel Core i5-3570  Quad-Core Processor](http:// | $ @ NCIX US  **CPU Cooler** | [Zalman CNPS9500 AT Ball Bearing CPU Cooler](http:// | $ @ Newegg  **Motherboard** | [ASRock Z77 Extreme4 ATX  LGA1155 Motherboard](http:// | $ @ Newegg  **Memory** | [ Ripjaws X Series 8GB (2 x 4GB) DDR3-1600 Memory](http:// | $ @ Outlet PC  **Storage** | [Samsung 830 Series 128GB " Solid State Disk](http:// | $ @ Newegg  **Video Card** | [XFX Radeon HD 7870 GHz Edition 2GB Video Card](http:// | $ @ Newegg  **Sound Card** | [Asus Xonar D1 24-bit 192 KHz Sound Card](http:// | $ @ Compuvest  **Case** | [Cooler Master HAF 922 ATX Mid Tower Case](http:// | $ @ Amazon  **Power Supply** | [Rosewill Capstone 650W 80 PLUS Gold Certified ATX12V / EPS12V Power Supply](http:// | $ @ Newegg  **Optical Drive** | [Asus BC-12B1ST/BLK/B/AS Blu-Ray Reader, DVD/CD Writer](http:// | $ @ Amazon   | | **Total**  | Prices include shipping, taxes, and discounts when available. | $  | Generated by PCPartPicker 2012-12-05 18:14 EST-0500 |
[minecraft]	So I built a new computer and didn't realize games took up so much space, and now need to be really selective of what games to get.  I'm looking for one FPS similar to BF,COD, etc (IE team vs team multiplayer).   And another game that's all around fun and relaxing. (Open to any ideas really, if you can recommend multiple games that don't take up to much space that's fine too, as long as they take up under 20GigaBytes total (This is separate from the FPS.).)  I already have Borderlands 2, and Assassins Creed 3 since they came with my graphics card, so don't suggest those, if possible suggest games that aren't similar to those.  Also I can play any game on max if that's even relevant. 
[age of empires online, bloodline champions, battlefield heroes, team fortress 2, quake live, quake 3]	Hello!  I have a Brazilian friend who's computer and internet isn't very good, so we're having a hard time finding a multiplayer game able to run on the machine that won't cause it to lag. So I'm here asking for advice, and hopefully getting some pointers on what games we could look at.  Now, I'm aware it would probably be a good idea to post the sytem specs, but I don't have them. What I can say, though, is that the machine in question is able to run League of Legends without too much trouble, as well as Civilization 4, yet a free-to-play MMO we tried (RaiderZ) caused too much lag. I hope this sort of gives a framework to work with.  Additionally, there are bonus points if a suggested game is free-to-play, and involves some kind of "action" element (My friend complained about Civilization 4 being too "slow". I think the word 'boring' was even used. Sigh, doesn't know quality I guess :). Whether the action comes in terms of being a MMO, FPS or strategy shouldn't matter though.  Thank you to everyone who has taken time to read this far, I hope you can help!
[phantasy star online 2]	Kinda looking to get into an MMORPG again but I don't really feel like subscribing to one. I've played WoW, Rift and Tera, but in all cases I end up getting bored after a while and feeling like the subscription went to waste.  Looking for something that's free but will keep me entertained for at least month or two. Something like a modern-day Ragnarok would be awesome.  To help, here's some I've tried already:  *  (when it was in beta, years ago, has it changed a lot?) * Maple Story (again, when it was new, years ago) * Dragon Nest (only came out last year some time, but this felt a little too linear) * Eden Eternal (I didn't really give this much of a go, didn't *grab* me, should I give it more time?) * DC Universe Online (got bored) * APB: Reloaded (got bored)  I don't really know what I'm after, feel free to just throw things around and discuss!
[hearts of iron]	So think along the lines of Total War, Crusader Kings II, or even Civilization where you might have to go out of your way for a trade agreement or place monies into your holdings' infrastructure.   It does not have to have combating armies (plus if it does because fielding them is an economic decision). The main component I am looking for is investing in your own business empire, whatever that may entail.  It can be in most any era, except space era because we really should have been able to solve most problems if we're doing FTL travel.  Thanks in advance r/gamingsuggestions!
[sleeping dogs, half-life, far cry 3, gta]	**tl:dr - I, lifelong console gamer, need a new game/experience to devote 50+ hours to like I did to Borderlands 2/Saints Row 3.  Maybe looking to delve into computer gaming**  Once I complete games I have difficulty finding interest in replaying them unless there is a distinct endgame dungeon/quest worth doing that adds to the replay value.  I usually play games alone and I only have time to play for a couple hours a night a few days a week.  I loved Borderlands 2 and gave her 70 hours of my life, but the second run wasn't doing it for me.  I am hunting my local game stores for Nier, which I have heard has multiple endings for multiple playthroughs and is a good RPG, which is good.  I also like a good FPS/3PS as long as it is engaging, fun, and not overly repetitive.  I like big RPG's but not Elder Scrolls.  I like well done FPS's, but I get really sick of listening to/losing to preteens in CoD games.  I do like zombies.  I'm leaning toward Black Ops 2, but I can't justify playing it just for the story and zombies.  I'd play online, I'd just get aggravated.  Is zombies better and worth it?    Games I'm playing at the moment:  Assassins Creed 2 (just getting started into the series: I like the gameplay albeit slow/tedious) and Dark Souls (difficult/aggravating/tedious but I like testing myself with it: it's keeping me engaged)  I have and like Tropico 4 and Blue Dragon and would not be interested in any sports game unless a really well done Football game.  I've only played games on consoles, primarily Nintendo consoles from NES to GCN and Xbox and 360.  I know there is a plethora of gaming to be had with computer games, but what kind of investment would I need to make to have a computer capable of performing those kinds of games?  My computer now is a laptop on it's sixth year of service, so I don't think it could handle anything.  It struggles with Netflix :/ I never got into a huge MMORPG, and worry that it may be my next step.  Thanks
[torchlight 2, diablo 3]	Right, So I'm trying to pick out a few games to get soon since I just built my own computer (1200$ rig, should be able to handle anything) but I have no idea what I should get as I've found myself just playing the same games alot. So I was wondering if the almighty users of reddit might bestow upon me the names of a few really good games.  As for interests, I'm not a huge FPS fan. I'm more of a medieval dragons castles swords and battleaxes kinda guy.  I play games like Wow, GW2, Zelda games, and pretty much just that. So far I have a small list of titles I hear about constantly and have been wanting to try: Skyrim and Diablo 3.  Also, I do not have an Xbox/PS3. So just PC games. 
[racing games, mario kart, kirby]	My brother is turning 6 pretty soon and instead of using my limited budget to buy him some toy crap that he will forget about in a week, I decided to impart to him one of the staples of my childhood: a gameboy SP.  I already obtained the gameboy; traded halo anniversary on craigslist for it.  Now I am wondering what games to get him.  I am planning on gradually getting him on the pokemon train once he develops his reading skills a little bit more, but the only game I have so far is an old sonic one that I don't think is that fun.  Any suggestions for a game that is captivating, simple, and does not require too much reading?
[shin megami tensei]	Hi everyone, first time posting on here for a while, so i will get straight to the point, thanks for taking the time to help!  I am looking for a game that uses the same sort of mechanics as Dragon Quest Monsters, a game about finding monsters/creatures and combining them to form a new monster/creature to do combat. Ideally, it would be a MMO but honestly I doesn't have to  have been looking all over the internet and have had not much luck finding one. Anyone got any suggestions? Thanks again for reading!
[the walking dead]	I pre-ordered Primordia but it has been stuck in my backlog ever since picking up FC3 the day before Primordia's release. I was looking forward to this little adventure game, but I worry that any expectations might have been crushed by how good FC3 turned out to be.  I haven't been this affected by a SP since BioShock, and I am craving more, equally moving experiences.  To identify what impressed me:  - Morality. Controversial themes, and being able to act upon them (or observe).  - Strong characters. The kind you are amazed by, even if you don't necessarily support them. Villains that intrigue you. The kind you almost root for, no matter how *horrible* they are. - A bond with the narrator/main character. Development. I personally love vocal MCs. I much rather take the position of a thought-out character than 'blend' into the role myself. I want storytelling, I don't have to be a direct influence!  Please help me come down from this high. I'm a little wary of the world below. :)
[age of mythology]	Due to watching too much Xena: Warrior Princess, I feel the need to play games with a similar feel. So, games with Greek/Roman mythology-based content.  **Systems I'm looking for:** NES, SNES, GB, GBC, NDS, GBA, N64, PS1, PC. Mainly things I can play directly from my PC or a Nintendo DS. English-only, and fan-translated games are welcome. Mods do count toward this, as well, but unless it's Minecraft, Amnesia, or a Source mod that doesn't require Half-Life 1 or 2 or something, I probably don't have the game required. Hell, I don't even have Garry's Mod, let alone Half-Life 1...  Anyway, here's what I've already got to play. I've included what I thought about the game, in case that makes any difference in what you suggest to me.  * Xena: Warrior Princess (PS1) -- I think this is a superb game. I wish I didn't have to emulate it, because it's amazingly awesome. Like, if I could get a job playing this game for the rest of my life, I would take it even if the pay was shit. * Xena: Warrior Princess (GBC) -- Awful game, but I play it occasionally because it's hilariously bad. * Xena: Warrior Princess - The Talisman of Fate (N64) -- A great fighting game for the N64. One I would've liked to have had when I was a kid, despite only liking the Clayfighter series of fighters back then. * Glory of Heracles (NDS) -- A nice game that's fun to go back to every once in a while. * Titan Quest (PC) -- Awesome! Diablo clone + Greek/Roman Mythology = Total win. Love this game. 10/10.  Thank you in advance. I'll be off playing Titan Quest or Audiosurf for a little bit now and will check back later. \^_\^
[persona 3]	Hey, I'm currently waiting for FFXIV  to come out, but I have no other games I feel like playing atm. I've played alot of those current top games out, but I'm kind of tired of the realistic stuff and "mature" ratings on them. I'm looking for more of a fantasy type, probably JRPG typish game, or just general good anime art styled games.  I haven't had a console since PS2 and gamecube, I know most of these type of games are on there. Are there any for the PC though?  Gameplays still a big factor, I don't want some horrible f2p game lol I'm use to triple a titles..
[the longest journey, spec ops: the line]	Hey, i'm looking for a game which as the title suggests would leave me speechless. The problem with me is that i lose interest pretty quickly in most games that i play (lost interest in M&amp;B, dark souls, EU3 , kingdoms of amalur etc)  Games that i absolutely loved and am looking for something similar in terms of how i felt by the time i finished the game :  Metro2033 blew me away.. the entire atmosphere, gameplay and just the way the story is fed to me, i finished the game entirely in one sitting (College kid on his semester break)   So to speak, Bioshock ,ME-2 , halo , HL , CoD-1, CoD-2, witcher-2.. I love strategic games, spend ages on the total war series,stronghold,B&amp;W, played competitive AoE-2, buttloads of Supreme Commander, SC-2, Dota-2 (like 6 years veteran in dota-1), loads of MMO's (highlight in my opinion Ragnarok Online) Loved Battlefield-3 and Planetside-2 but losing interest in it.. Please help me find a game that i can waste a solid 20 hours straight at. I've probably tried or played most well known titles of recent (Dishonoured etc) and quite a lot of the older gen games.  Anything is welcome ..
[planescape: torment, baldur's gate, this game, time slip, dnd]	Baldur's gate  Neverwinter nights  Icewind Dale  Planescape: Torment  As far as I can tell all these games are based off of DnD. This excites me. But which to choose? They all seem very similar and they also all have sequels. What are people's opinions on them?  EDIT: Really what I'm looking for is the best overall game of those 4. Whichever game had the best combat, story and overall game play is the game I want to play (I doubt one is the clear victor overall, and I prioritize good game play over good story).
[serious sam, serious sam]	So we have a skype group where we always play games. We're all bored stiff now because we can't seem to find any games that we can play together.  Some games we really enjoyed together are:  * GTA IV (We had a great time playing that even though connecting to each other was a pain in the ass.)  * Counter Strike Source  * The Hidden (HL2 mod)  * Minecraft  It's really all about the game play and not so much about the graphics. Our systems can play the most games on the highest settings so that's not really a problem.  We're definitely *not* looking for an RTS or MMORPG.   
[crysis: warhead, fallout 3, far cry 3, out there]	I'd absolutely love , if it weren't for the mutants and poltergeists constantly scaring the ever loving shit out of me. The environment, the gunplay, the economy, and the survival aspect all really appealed to me. Especially with the Misery mod installed.  You had to eat food and sleep to survive, guns seemed incredibly fun to use with their recoil and varying stats, and on top of that, the ability to lean out of cover. I loved the lightning storms and emissions, they were absolutely stunning and the game really did do weather right. The various sounds you can hear while walking around (some scarier than others) were really good as well. Problem is, I'm just too scared to play.  The obvious answer might be Fallout, but I've tried those games and I didn't enjoy them too much because it lacked proper gunplay and survival, they felt a little sloppy (if that makes sense?) and the game didn't feel very serious to me.  Other open world games I've previously enjoyed:  * Grand Theft Auto * Elder Scrolls * Far Cry 3  Open world games I don't enjoy so much:  * Day Z (I'm terrible at pvp games...) * Sleeping Dogs
[resident evil revelations]	I just picked up a 3DS XL since I saw a good deal on one that came preinstalled with Mario kart 7.  I am definitely more of a PC gamer, although I have had consoles from the 2600 to the 360. My last handheld I bought new was a Neo Geo pocket color, so I have obviously been out of the loop on handheld titles. Mario Kart has been one of my all time favorite franchises going back to the SNES. I am also a fan of Mario titles, but not so much Zelda (don't think I have ever finished a Zelda game ever).  What are some good titles that I can play on the 3DS XL? They don't have to be 3D titles, don't even care about that really, but just good solid games that have stood the test of time. The 3DS can play titles from DS, DSi, and DSiWare titles.  What are some of your favorites?
[crusader kings 2]	Ok it's that time of the year where most of the games have come out now and I'm only being attracted to certain genre. I'm looking for game that will take a good chunk of my time, so a simulation, strategy or an RPG (with a good storyline) You can cross these games of the lost because I have either played them or not interested:  KOTOR series  total war series  Pokemon series  Dragon age  Civilisation  Endless space  Dues ex Lord of the rings war in the north  Fable 1  Mass effect series  X-com  Dishonored  Witcher series  elder scrolls/fallout series  Flight simulator   Sim city  sins of a solar empire    Any help would be appreciated
[mass effect trilogy]	I live the epicness of LotR and the music that backs it.  I have yet to find a game that comes with such emotion and storytelling.   Music-wise, Skyrim and Oblivion come close but it's still lacking of an epic quest type feel.     One game that is close for me with what I'm looking for is Kingdom Hearts.  The storyline and music were just so epic.   Final fantasy 9,10, and 11 come close to the epicness but don't quite hit it.  I rarely find a western game that would even maybe would be on the same lines of LotR.
[killing machine, this game, far cry 3, bioshock]	I lost my job about 3 months ago, and I've recently gotten a new one. I am thinking of splurging on a new video game right after Christmas (maybe before if I have extra after covering the holiday.) I have been playing Skyrim for the past year. I would say I wholly enjoyed it for more than 6 months, but due to a hard drive melt down I lost all of my saves. I have since repaired my PC and surpassed my original progress in Skyrim. I am looking for a new game to play, and all of the reviews I've read for Far Cry 3 have been positive. My PC hardware: Intel Core 2 Duo E8400 , 8 Gb RAM, ATI 4870 video card. I have the Logitech Z 506  pc surround sound speakers. I also have a PS3 with , for the audiophiles, a Polk Audio RTiA 5 channel + Polk Audio DSW PRO550wi (10") Subwoofer. My question to you comes in two parts. Do you recommend the game? And which format should I purchase it on? The latter question is especially for the audiophiles. I do quite enjoy good graphics, but for me true immersion comes from the sound. How would, those of you who might know, compare both aspects?
[neverwinter nights 2, alien swarm, diablo, dnd]	My friends and I want to play some games together, and we're looking for a game that scratches the right itch. Something where we can explore the game as a team, each person having their own specialty.  Diablo 2 was good for us back in the day. Haven't tried Diablo 3, but I'm thinking of getting Torchlight 2.  Some features that would be good:  * At least 4 players, more is a plus. * Player specialization is awesome. Skill trees. * Not too twitchy. FPS and RTS are low on the list. * PC &amp; Mac cross-play is helpful.  I wish there were something like Star Control 2 or FTL that was multiplayer.
[seiken densetsu 3, secret of mana ]	Me and my friends are big fans of JRPGs like Chrono-trigger, Final Fantasy, etc.   Unfortunately, were seperated by a rather large ocean, meaning I can't just drive to his house, sit back with a pepsi in hand and play through a JRPG, switching back and forth between the controller.  We're looking for anything in the vain of a JRPG that is online multiplayer for 2/more players and we can get our hands on easily for PC. (, not some super rare 1994 game that only have 3000 copies in circulation)  I've also heard you can set up certain emulators, like project 64, to have on-line capabilities, and so, besides looking a for a pc JRPG, is there any we could emulate and play together?  Your help would be much appreciated by us both.
[tomb raider anniversary, tag: the power of paint, glum buster, in the dark, spacechem, portal 2, portal 2, portal 2, portal 2, portal 2]	Portal is probably one of the best games I've played in a long time, mostly because of the puzzles which are simply great fun to solve.  I've tried Portal 2 but didn't enjoy it as much as the first. The puzzles weren't as good and I got annoyed when they made me wander around giant caves looking for somewhere to portal to (the behind-the-scenes bits were alright as they had Wheatley to make it more interesting). I don't mind a bit of story but I prefer the focus to be on the puzzles.  I've also heard of Quantum Conundrum and was pretty excited at first but I kind of lost interest after hearing some bad comments about it.  The gameplay doesn't have to be like Portal, I just want a puzzle game.  I've got an Xbox 360 and PS3 to play on, and keep in mind that my PC is absolutely terrible so I can't run anything too advanced (the first Portal is about the best I can handle).
[don't fall]	I am healing up from an injury and have to be off my feet for weeks. I have a laptop at my disposal. I loved Chrono Trigger, Secret of Mana, Final Fantasy 3 and Maplestory. I'm out of the gaming loop and I don't know what's worth my time anymore. So hardcore gamers of reddit, please send your useful advice and experience my way!  *Edit: Will you all just take a deep breath and tell me some games that a GIRL (oh no, I said that word again) would enjoy? I like the light-hearted stuff and that's why I mentioned it.  
[dark souls]	So yeah. I need a good game that will really have me immersed into it. I've been looking a LOT at MMOs, as well as RPGs and other games. Here's kind of a rundown of what I like.  In terms of MMOs, to be honest the only I enjoyed was Wizard 101. I know that's childish, but god was it some fun. Grab 4 friends and have at it. Level up and slowly progress, the game was easy to learn but hard to master. I truly loved it.  RPGs, I've played the Bethesda titles (ES, Fallout, Dishonored), and had a lotta fun.  I'd also like to look at some older games. Maybe some PS2/PS1/GC games I can run on an emulator. I've never played ANY PS1 games, so that's something to consider.  EDIT2: I'm a PC gamer BTW  EDIT: Would Guild Wars 2, TERA, etc. interest me? Maybe even Rift?
[trine 2]	After Christmas I'll be moving to San Francisco (From Canada) for an internship for four months, so my girlfriend and I were looking for things we could still do together from a country apart. Games are something we both enjoy, but I haven't had time to play as many as I used to, so I don't really know what's out there anymore.  Can any of you recommend any online, co-op (or competitive) games? My tastes are pretty broad, but she generally prefers puzzle games like Portal or Professor Layton. (I doubt there's anything like a Professor Layton mmo, but please tell me if I'm wrong!) I've been going through Co-Optimus, but I'm sure I'll miss out on some gems if I don't get a second-opinion.
[guild wars 2, guild wars 2, endgame, endgame]	I played WoW for several months during Cataclysm and had a blast, but I've been out of the game for a while. I'm thinking of getting back into an MMO so my first impulse was to jump into Mists of Pandaria, but I've also heard really good things about Guild Wars 2.  Any recommendations for which I should choose? If it helps the things that annoyed me the most in WoW were dealing with rude players and the amount of time it took to take a new character to end game.   Also I don't care too much about story and lore, I mostly just like the challenge of running dungeons and mastering the mechanics of a character.
[heroes of ruin, mario kart, know how, bots]	Hey, /r/gamingsuggestions  So I know that x vs y console is a debate that's never easily answered.  Hell, if I had the money, I would get them all.    Basically, I spend a lot of time on the road because of work, and would like to purchase either a 3DS XL or a Vita for myself and my girlfriend.  The main draw would be to play co-op or 1-on-1 with my girlfriend when I'm out of town. We would primarily play sports, racing, platformers, and puzzlers.  Which console has a larger online gaming library? Do either platforms have any decent downloadable games (PSP Minis, whatever the 3ds equivalent is) that are multiplayer?  And is either system a pain in the ass to set up multiplayer, or is that a last-gen issue?  Work takes me to a lot of places with little to no wi-fi--would either be able to run on a 3g tethered connection?  
[fallout 2, deus ex]	I enjoyed those games because there was a real sense of accomplishment upon completing them or building a character/save within them-- not just a gold star sticker and an achievement for completing the quicktime event. Also present was that the experience of moving towards that accomplishment was enjoyable, instead of a grind.   As a secondary request, I'd also like suggestions of games that are very good at sustaining immersion and believability for long period of time.  Preferably no shooters, I'm a bit tired of the genre. I'm already familiar with most of the exceedingly popular games, but I'm sure there are a few that I've missed.
[crysis 2]	Hey, this is on sale for $ through a steam weekend deal... I was wondering if anyone who owns a copy would  like to share some information about the multiplayer:  -Does this game have Dedicated Servers?  -Does this game still have an active multiplayer community?  -Are the guns balanced or is there 1 OP weapon that everyone uses?  -How high is the skill ceiling if I'm super good at most regular FPSes already, say on a scale of COD to tribes? I want this to be kinda easy to pick up and play  -Anything else I should know?  Thanks a bunch in advance.
[dwarf fortress, this game, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft]	So my wife doesn't like many action based games (not good when it comes to adrenaline pumping), but enjoys puzzle and resource management games like civ, epic Mickey, la noire, portal, myst, etc. She is also a little ocd so I think she would enjoy detail oriented things like stat management or something of that sort.  I think she would like turn based games rpgs where you build classes or stats, but I am open to other ideas. Also, anything she could sink a lot of hours into would be good. We have an Xbox 360, a Wii, and an not so great computer.
[dragon age: origins, mass effect, deus ex, kotor]	My favorite RPG is Dragon Age 2. I've put 50+ hours into Skyrim. I played the majority of the .hack series (GU), and I love Persona 3/4. I'm in a weird place in my life, and I'm looking for an easy combat system to get used to, something I can pick up and put down without too much issue, and a really interesting story. I can't get into the Fallout series, because it's too expansive - there's not enough direction for me. (I know, but I played Skyrim. Hah)  I have a PS3, 360, Wii, 3ds and PSP, plus access to emulators and such. I'm not a graphics snob, but I don't necessarily want to play an SNES game.   Thank you in advance!
[crysis warhead, mechwarrior, crysis 2, crysis 2]	Okay, so I currently have a 6 year old laptop, by recent standards it's a pretty low-end system. (dual core , 512mb mobility radeon x1400, 1 gb ram vs my new 3rd gen i7 dual core at up to 3ghz, 2gb geforce something680 and 8gb of D-C RAM, and an SSD :D) The old one will run newer games at lowest quality and at 800x480 if I'm lucky, and if I'm even luckier, it'll run them somewhat smoothly while they look awful. It even ran Skyrim pretty smoothly (with low-res texture mod, and all other options down and tweaked etc), and because I'm generally more of a gameplay over graphics person, I didn't really care that it looked like ass.  Thanks to this, I'm not completely out of touch. However, now I'm looking for a game to really see what my new system is capable of and so I'm completely out of my depth. I'm considering Assassin's Creed III or Far Cry 3, because of the beautiful surroundings and large environments, but I was wondering if anyone had any other/better recommendations?  Quick edit: For once, it's all about the eye-candy over gameplay. The game could have practically no amusement value (though I would obviously prefer if it did), but it needs to look amazing.  tl;dr: Looking for a graphics-intensive game to tax my new system as soon as it gets here. AC3, FC3, or maybe something else?
[minecraft]	So, I know that reddit almost universally discourages the game War-Z.  I've heard a lot of good things about Day-Z but, I honestly refuse to pay for a game that I am only interested in because of a mod..  However from what I understand of it, it has an atmosphere similar to  and I would be quite interested in a multiplayer open ended world like that.  A game where my friends and I can pool our resources to find and secure a location, food, ect. Hell as much as I hate farming games, if we secured a big enough defensible plot of land, even having the option to farm would be interesting in this context.  Or am I just SOL for this kind of game?
[speed up, know how]	I am generally a fan of strategy games (Civ, Endless Space), but I just wanted to get some opinions on the game and also more details about it.  Is the game an RTS or turn-based?  Does the Legacy of Rome DLC add a lot to the game? Also, is the Design Your Own Ruler DLC fun? I think I would probably like making some characters and also myself to mess around with; though from what I understand, rulers only last a lifetime, so if I made myself I'd still die about 1/4ths through the game, which isn't that bad, but I digest.  So, is it worth it? How's the replayability? Depth of strategy, etc.  Thanks in advance for any help on the topic.
[the sims]	I'm looking for a time sync for over Christmas. Something that I can put a lot of hours into. I'm actually searching for an addiction. Any suggestions?  Edit - I am looking for either a single player game with an incredibly long story or a multiplayer game that isn't extremely repetitive. Also, as a rather strange requirement, I absolutely hate spiders, in-game and out so that is why I can't play things such as the Elder Scrolls: Skyrim, which is a shame (I've tried the mods for it and they didn't work)  By the way, thank you for the recommendations.  
[team fortress 2, counter strike, call of duty]	I played World at War on the wii a lot, I like the maps, which had a lot of fun hiding places by jumping on roofs etc. That game does not have any people playing it anymore, and I also have an updated PC now. I am not saying i need to camp, but I did like that the maps often had some quiet places to take a breather  The theme was important too, I don't like the futuristic nonsense of many fps's.  So which PC fps has a healthy online community and fun maps with a non futuristic theme?  Edit: I mostly play death match, not too much team based playing/capture the flag
[bioshock, deus ex]	I've recently been on an RPG kick, and lately I've been craving a new shooter to balance it out. What I'm looking for is something unique or not well known (Not Modern Warfare/Gears of War/Halo or any of the like), preferably third person but I'm not opposed to first person, and with an interesting single player campaign as I'm not likely to play multiplayer. Something in between Rainbow Six Vegas, Star Wars Battlefront, and Kane and Lynch.  Anything for PC, xbox or xbox 360, ps2, gamecube and wii would be appreciated.  tl;dr = I want a fun shooter that isn't Modern Warfare/Gears of War/Halo
[you will die, dark souls]	I've seen this game a number of times and it's peeked my interest in the past. The trailer with the music is very nostalgic of the older playstation 1 games.   The game looks fun itself and I've considered it off and on for a while. I am just a little hesitant because at some point, I seem to remember it said "No healing" or some such things.. and while I don't see that statement now (maybe I'm confused with another game?) it's still a bit daunting to buy a game not knowing how the mechanics work if there is no healing..  Either way, what should I expect if I get it? Would it be safe to expect a more modern PS1 classic? I don't know what it was about the ps1 but, a lot of the games had a certain charm to them that I feel has been lost over time.
[scribblenauts, borderlands 2, far cry, raiderz, hawken]	Story: I was messing around in my computer, ram stick went to shit, jumped back to my old xbox (not 360). days later i figure out what's wrong, pull out faulty ram stick and bam! back to life!  turn it on and find myself with lots of games in my pc that i grew bored of over the years, no game i have seems to have my attention for more than a few minutes.   i need new games, but over the last years i've played pc games heavily, keeping up with most of the major and some minor releases, so yes, i need games, don't care what genre, it just has to be GOOD.  But remember if you are gonna mention something major like skyrim or a popular indie game like minecraft or FTL i probably already played it  please no MMO's  keep in mind my specs (6-year-old desktop)  AMD Athlon  Ghz (dual-core)  AMD Saphire HD 6870  2gb of ram   
[castle crashers, splosion man]	My girlfriend asked me to suggest an Xbox game that her little brother will like and that she can enjoy playing with him. I am not an Xbox gamer, so my skills her are useless, and so I enlist the friendly folks of /r/gamingsuggestions.  Her brother is your average, everyday AAA game-player, CoD and Dishonored and all that. Se doesn't game much, though she has been playing and enjoying Kingdom Hearts lately.  Any thoughts on what she should get?  Thanks!  EDIT: Forgot to say it was for a Christmas present, if that affects anything.
[the witcher 2]	Some background:  My favorite game is probably Final Fantasy X, by a long shot. I really enjoyed the environments, the story, and the game play.  I've played through all of the other Final Fantasy games (7 and up) and none of them really grasped me like 10 did.      Never got into any Bethesda games.  I've tried multiple times, but I always get bored really fast.    Dark Souls was enjoyable, but I want my a game in which my characters increase in strength is more noticeable. I know I said I want a hard game, but by the end of the game I'd like to feel... stronger I guess.  It's hard to explain but Dark Souls did not do this for me.    So I guess I'm looking for a game similar to FFX, and the background is there to give some perspective on what I like and don't like in a game.  Any console or PC game, except the PS3 or Wii please.  Thanks and I really look forward to trying out some suggestions!      
[battlestations]	First off I own Silent Hunter 4.  So I'm looking for two things actually a strategy and a simulator. Simulator has to be a ship simulator and not submarine (as I said I have SH4). Period itself is not important anything goes really. Also I think it's important to note that I'm looking for some more in-depth stuff, not at things like Sid Meier's Pirates! (which I also own).  One more thing I feel I should point out is that while I do play a lot of simulators and strategies I haven't really played all that many naval strategies and simulators. In fact that's one of the reasons I'm looking for naval games now. I figured I might take advantage of all of these sales to try out some new shit.  Oh and PC only.
[nuclear war, know how]	I have recently had an idea to perhaps apply to a Fallout 4. I'm thinking online co-op/versus. I know it would be difficult but hear me out.  It wouldn't be incorporated into the main campaign. It would be an option like in Halo or COD. I just think that would be too plain difficult too make a believable story around co-op.  Depending on who you ally yourself with/how your Karma is, bountys can be set out on you which other players can accept. I feel this would encourage people to be careful and not just charge into battles (Your body can be looted).  Custom quests can be made/accepted. Be it clear out a cave, hunt down a specific person (the bounties can be custom set) or do simple tasks  open locked doors, hack terminal, even be a bodyguard.  Finally, the story of the co-op made is that it takes place before the events of the main game and everyone came from a vault. They were all cyrogenically frozen and all had set release times.  If there is a flaw you see, or if you have any suggestions, please tell me.
[the world ends with you]	I every now and again enjoy watching Anime series to get that "Anime story and art feeling". I quite enjoy watching animes like Death Note, FMA:Brotherhood, Steins;Gate, Elfen Lied... even the generic ones like Bleach, Naruto and One Piece. Pretty normal taste (except I can not stand mecha theme).   Point is, I am interested in trying some games that has this theme. I know there is a whole genre for Japanese RPG (JRPG), but it is still a jungle of games.  Requirements:                                                                                                 Good story                                                                                                                 "Anime style" graphics/gameplay - Does not have to be cartoony, but you know, gigantic swords, rainbow colored hair on the helpless women, the ability to jump 60 feet up in the air etc.                                                                                                                    Not too long/grindy - must keep me entertained   I know JRPG games like Final Fantasy will be recommended and I guess that is OK but I am also interested in other genres like the "Blade and Soul" MMORPG (just like the graphics and abilities in the trailers), "Heavenly Sword" (never played) and "Bayonetta" (perfect example, loved this game)
[temple of elemental evil, battle for wesnoth, jagged alliance 2, fallout tactics, wargames ]	At work on my phone, having trouble finding Xcom related game suggestions.   So currently playing Xcom:EU 360  and loving it, and looking for more games like it. Different from Xcom but I also like Atom Zombie Smashes and FTL.  I own a PC and use it primary, shit specs, just about runs Metro 2033 lowest settings, I play a lot of  indies.   I use my 360 for most modern games and my PS2 for last gen games, I also have a PSP.   Any suggestions would be awesome, including RPGs and old PC or PS2 titles.  Cheers guys.   EDIT: I'm a single player gamer mostly and don't have XBOX Live
[trackmania]	My girlfriend lives over seas. She is on Facebook all the time and chatting is nice, but I want to find some games we can play together. Hopefully somewhat interactive so we feel like we are actually playing *TOGETHER*.  She loves fast/cool cars and racing games. But anything visual is good (no word games or puzzles). She really enjoyed Angry Birds, and also liked a simple turn based strategy war game we played on my phone once.  We are both on PC's and since I am not there I need something really simple for her... like no installation just point her to a URL and go. Or over Facebook. If there is a payment required, I need to be able to pay for her easily.  If there is an app for my Android so I can play mobile that is even better, but not required.  Also, she has to pay for data by the GB for internet, so not something that will hog a lot of data.  I don't ever play these types of games myself, so I don't know where to begin that is not total crap/virus. I am willing to play anything not totally mind-numbing, as long as she enjoys it. 
[time management, fallout 3]	I love turn-based combat, but I don't have time to grind through another 40-hour epic. Surely there are enough games out there that some can be short and sweet, right? If it helps any, I have played and beaten:  Okage: Shadow King   Skies of Arcadia: Legends (probably my favorite of all these)  Pokemon SoulSilver (although honestly I grew tired of Pokemon after this one)  Dragon Quest IX  Lunar Legend (GBA version)   Paper Mario  Mario and Luigi: Superstar Saga  Sakura Wars: So Long My Love  I currently have a PS2, a DS Lite, a Wii and Gamecube peripherals, and a four year old laptop. 
[war of the roses]	I put about 100 hours in M&amp;B: Warband when it first came out. Eventually, I quit playing because of the frustratingly vague hitboxes. It made multiplayer not very fun for me. The somewhat primitive graphics didn't bother me, but the drab color scheme did get old after a while.  Chivalry is on sale on Steam right now and looks decent. Is the multi-player gameplay style similar to M&amp;B? I don't mind the lack of of a single player campaign. I'm just wondering if it resembles a polished version of M&amp;B, or a different beast entirely.
[x-com: enemy unknown]	I grew up playing Civilization 1, Civ 2, Alpha Centauri, Stars! for Windows, Fragile Allegience, , Heroes 2, Spellcross etc.  And loved the depths in each ones universe, as well as the story lines and ability to think before moving.  I now find myself in my 30s and in an intense job, where time is short, but I find casual games unfulfilling and am turned off by RTS.  Can anyone recommend a modern(ish) TBS game on OS X, Windows, or iOS that has a good storyline but that I can dip into and be reminded of where I was - something that can be played in  1-2 hour 'chunks' tops?
[strategy games, rome total war, just cause 2, war games]	After years of mediocre performance, I'm picking up a proper pc tomorrow. In your opinion, what should I play?   In the past I've enjoyed: FF VI-IX Monkey Island, Grim Fandango, Broken Sword, Machinarium, the Myst titles etc.  A few fps titles, enemy territory is probably the only competitive online fps I've enjoyed though.   So far the games I know I'll pick up are Far Cry3 and SC2. The one I've been most intrigued by is unfortunately Journey, which looks amazing..   Any ideas?  Edit: Oops, sry for typo in title.
[dungeon crawl, roguelike]	Ok, not a rock exactly. I've just recently gotten my hands on a PC that is fit for gaming. Up until now I've just been a PS3 user. So Reddit, are there any titles you can think of that I "must" play? Preferably anything I can get on Steam.    **Games I have or know I will be getting** THQ collection (Steam)  Bethesda collection (Steam)  Diablo 3  Starcraft 2  Skyrim  Fallout series  Assassin's Creed series  Mass Effect series  Portal Series  Penumbra Series  The Walking Dead  Borderlands  Bioshock Series  Minecraft  Half-life series  (I may be forgetting some or passing them over but all suggestions welcome!)
[red dead redemption]	Hi, reddit!  I like shooters and action games(Action RPGs too) and since I'm buying a few games, I need an advice.  First, I'm going to buy Gears Of War 3, Halo 4 and XBox is prepacked with Forza 4.  Question one:  Does anyone knows if Dragon Dogma is any good?  Question two:  Should I buy Gears of War 1 and 2 and previous Halo games(And which ones?) to enjoy the series or it will be a waste of time and money right now?  And the last question, which games would you recomend? I'm a PC gamer so I've probable played the most FPSs already, so keep that in mind.  Thanks!
[call of cthulhu: dark corners of the earth, this game]	Up until last Friday, my friends and I have had weekly Amnesia nights, where we'd all go to one of our houses, hook up a laptop to a TV, turn off the lights, and play Amnesia, slowly progressing through the game. Once one of us would get scared, we'd have another kid switch in and start playing. We didn't get very far each week, but we enjoyed getting scared and it was a good time.  Unfortunately, we beat the game and don't know what to do. We'd like to maintain our "Amnesia Night" spirit and atmosphere, but that doesn't necessarily mean we're looking for another scary game. Does anyone have any suggestions for games that are good for a group of guys to get together and play in the manner I described above?   Sorry if this is too vague, but I appreciate any help in advance!
[the walking dead]	So yeah. Lately, I've noticed that when playing most games, I don't really pay any attention to the actual story content. You know how in Zelda games where the quest is always lingering over you? Or in Far Cry 3, where the quest sort of made itself noticed? I just need a game that really makes me love it, one that has a fantastically epic storyline and one that I won't just be casually forgetting as I play on.  I'm a PC gamer by the way and anything I could catch on the Steam/GOG sales (being a guy who also happens to be on a budget) would be great.
[mass effect]	I have a friend who is a pretty casual gamer but occasionally plays on 360. She has enjoyed the Mass Effect series, particularly the romance elements. Can anyone recommend any games on 360 with solid romance?   I know this is an additional complication, but ideally with same-sex options? She's a lesbian and likes playing as FemShep etc. The only game I've heard suggested for romance elements is Catherine, which seems pretty much hetero from what little I read. I know romance isn't an option in most games and the stuff I've heard about is mostly Japanese stuff that probably isn't available on 360.  Thanks for any ideas!
[monster hunter, dragon's dogma, dark souls, vindictus, raiderz, tera]	I used to play Freedom Unite on my PSP back in the day, but lost it ages ago, and switched to PC gaming a few years back. I've heard of Frontier, but that's not available in the US, nor am I interested in playing a game in which I can't understand anything. So, does anyone have any suggestions on games with Monster Hunter-like qualities? The ability to form parties and hunt large monsters, a unique and flexible weapon/class system, crafting based on monster drops, deep customization, etc.   Note: I've looked at things like RaiderZ and Hunter Blade, but RaiderZ seemed too flat, with its limited class system and overly-grindy mechanics. I just flat out couldn't play Hunter Blade--I think they closed it down.
[pick up, xbox, xbox, xbox]	I've been considering getting a gaming headset for my 360, but I am not sure on what I should actually buy. I want to get the most out of my money, so any help would be greatly appreciated.  I've tried Turtle Beach at the displays at BestBuy, and the build quality didn't feel very good. I have looked a little into the Tritton and Razer headsets as well. I would prefer a wireless headset, but that isn't a must have. I have about $200 in Amazon gift cards to spend, but if there is a decent headset that is less than $200 that would be nice. Again any help would be appreciated. 
[assassin's creed , bioshock ]	Back at the folks for the holidays and their internet is terrible. Online games are unplayable.     I'm looking for something like Devil May Cry or Darksiders, but perhaps something with more RPG elements like Darksiders 2.      I've been reading through previous suggestion threads, but nothing has tickled my fancy. I'm limited to PC currently without any options otherwise. I'm played Dragon Age/Mass Effect and their sequels. I suppose I'm looking for an adventure/action/rpg outside of the titles mentioned above. Any suggestions?  
[dark souls]	As the title says, I'm on the prowl for an RPG to sink my teeth into. With that in mind I've got a few demands.  JRPGs are great, but they get old.. the combat mechanics in The Last Remnant were alright (ignore the Battlerank stuff, that shit was megabad, and I want more focus on the MC instead of commanding group after group I want player after player.. idk it helps in feeling connected).. Fast paced turn based combat sequences are a must, so no FF1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-10. Oh, and I only have a PC, Wii, PS2 and Xbox1.  WRPGs... well, I think Fallout 3 was the last one I enjoyed, thought Skyrim was dull.. felt like draugr caving it up to dragon heaven, need something more immersive than that.. played all the older TES games. Went through the NWN games, played Arcanum &amp; Planescape Torment.. can't get into Baldur's Gate for some reason, tried 2.. got 1 minute into the game and got bored. Oh, WRPGs dont need to be turn based at all, can be anything as long as it's immersive.  On a side note for MMO's.. is The Secret World any good? What's it like? 
[castle crashers]	What good, modern (made in the last 10 years) [beat 'em up games](https:// for the PC have multiplayer LAN support?  I'm talking about games in the same vein as the [Streets of Rage series](https://, or 3D like [Fighting Force](https:// or more modern beat 'em up games or games with beat 'em up elements, like [The Warriors](https://\(video_game\)) or Sleeping Dogs, but are for the PC and have LAN support.  EDIT: Found [this game \(The Rage\)](http://, which seems to fit what I'm looking for.
[fallout new vegas, kairo, kairo, myst, myst]	I'm interested in games where exploration is the primary focus. I can deal with light puzzle solving or occasional combat, but I don't want to constantly be killing things or figuring out how to progress. I don't want RPG elements like XP, gear, gold/merchants, etc.  I'm not looking to be challenged but rather experience a rich immersive world at my own pace. I prefer a story that reveals itself organically as you explore and not a linear story told through exposition. Ideally not even a proper "story" but rather just picking up bits and pieces of lore that make the world come alive.  Here's a few games I've already played that may be suggested as exploration games:  - Terraria: Graphics are too simplistic to be truly immersive. Crafting and exploring feels a little grindy and since the worlds are randomly generated there's no backstory or history to discover.  - Skyrim: Love the size, visual impact and amount of lore of the world but the constant onslaught of quests was a turn off and the combat  just felt like an annoyance that interfered with the exploration  - Metroid Prime: Love the atmosphere of this game, might be my favorite game world. Not looking for that much combat and puzzle solving though. I particularly want to avoid a situation where I get stuck and have to read a guide to figure out what to do.
[magicka]	Morning guys!  My favorite game of all time is Baldur's Gate II. Why? Not because it's an epic fantasy narrative with convincing characters, funny dialogs and excellent design.   Well, not only because of that.  Mainly because it let's you find countless ways of tackling problems. Every fight can be fought with different strategies, using different tools and chars. You can combine spells to achieve great results, which were oftentimes unintended by the developers and are possibly game-breakers. Sanctum + Blade Barrier. Time Stop + Polymorph self. Stuff like that, which is perhaps seen by some people as cheesy, but I think it's fun to search for such tricks.  My best experience with the original BGII was fighting Firkraag with a very low level party. I tried several times to kill the big fella heads on, with no success. Well, some preparations, pausing the game, some magic, pause off... dead dragon without loosing a single hp. Just gotta be a bit resourceful.  I totally think that Bioware cared for players like me. This is why they gave us Kangaxx.   Well, I've been playing BG on and off for years. Tactics, SCSII, improved whatever... it's fun, but it gets a bit stale. I'm looking for something new.  Something that let's you actually break the game. The gives you enough tools to discover new tactics and ideas.  I know most Bioware/Black Isle Games. Arcanum wasn't bad, but I don't really like the turn based fighting mechanics. I was very excited about Dragon Age and their announcement that you could combine different spells... well, [I was kinda disappointed.](http://   Thinking about getting the new UFO game. Is it worth it? 
[anachronox, geneforge]	Naturally I've already played a bunch of them, but I'm always looking for more as I find that they occupy a good amount of my time, and I can usually play them while working :P  So far I've played:  * Baldur's Gate 1 &amp; 2 (and their expansions) * Planescape: Torment * Icewind Dale 1 &amp; 2 * NWN 1 &amp; 2 (with expansions) * Dragon Age: Origins (though I honestly didn't care for this one, contrary to popular opinion) * Avernum: Escape From the Pit * Kotor (not strict fantasy, but tbh I didn't really care for this one either)  It doesn't *have* to be turn-based, although I prefer it to be since that is what allows me to play it while I work.  However, suggestions along the lines of Dungeon Siege (though I've already played 1 and 2) are welcome.  Also, I *prefer* to have full party customization but if the game doesn't allow you to create a party from scratch the NPCs that they give you should have plenty of personality to make up for it (Planescape: Torment is a good example of this).  I've looked at Arcanum, and it definitely looks interesting, but other than that I'm fairly unaware of what else this genre has to offer and hoped /r/gamingsuggestions could help me out!
[baldur's gate , mass effect]	Well Mass Effect had a shitty ending but it had a great atmosphere and story throughout, in my opinion you might not agree though. Do you guys know of any other games with an immersive story that kind of plays out like Mass Effect (apart from shitty ending of course).   I've played To The Moon and some of Bastion. To The Moon and Mass Effect are story games which I'm referring to, great story, great atmosphere and ending (apart from Mass Effect.) To The Moon was an exception as I will never play games with really boring gameplay. I would also prefer if the game is kind of modern (2008+ ish).
[magicka]	I have never owned a console, aside from a Wii that I never use. Most of the types of games I play aren't controller-friendly (Civilization, Paradox grand strategy, roguelikes and Diablo clones).  I have Super Meat Boy, which I've managed to finish most of the first two worlds on before the framerate got too bad. I also have the Batman games, but Arkham Asylum runs a little to slow to use a controller, and Arkham City is a huge nope. Tomb Raider: Anniversary is the only game in my Steam library that I can really play with a controller.  I like basically all genres, so the major issue here is my laptop. I have first-gen Intel integrated graphics. I'm fine with turning down settings if need be, but most recent games are pretty much unplayable.  I have exactly $ left on my Steam account.
[rome: total war]	Hello,  I'm a big fan of ancient Egypt culture, but unfortunately there doesn't seem to exist many games that use that theme, the ones i played already:  * Pharaoh and the Cleopatra expansion * Serious Sam 3 BFG (not in ancient Egypt, but we get to play on several ancient Egypt monuments)  I've seen that age of empires online allows to play as Egyptians but i heard that it requires games for windows live? even if i download it on steam? reason is i cant seem to make games for windows live work on my PC.   anyway any recommendations are welcome, thanks in advance.
[crusader kings 2]	Hello. Here is what I would be looking in a game:  - I'd like something that relies more on having very creative strategies more than having super mega hyper planned chinese war strategy or whatever.  - I'm not a fan of board game style video games. I tried Civ 5 at my cousin's house but I was really put off by the tiles and the turn-based. However I barely played.   - Any theme/era/etc. EXCEPT World War II.  - If there could be some RPG elements that could be nice although its not mandatory.  - I like recreating history OR just making my own stuff ( planet wooga wooga) much more than having to follow something.  - I don't care about the complexity of the game.  - I don't care much about the graphics either.   Thank you! :)  
[don't starve, need to eat, minecraft, endgame]	I enjoy game with random world to explore. For example, minecraft, civ series, roguelikes...  But I always feel tired about war and combat. I enjoy exploring and expanding in civ, but when I start to compete land and resource with others, wage war against others, the game getting bored to me.  On the other hand, the world of minecraft is great, with endless exploration opportunities. But I feel the game lonely and not much depth of strategy.  Is there any game suggestion to me? something like build a small colony in a random world and try to grow it into a bigger empire, less about fighting but more about exploring and building.  Thanks for any suggestion  EDIT: I have tried Dwarf Fortress. The world generator is very awesome, but the game is too hard and lack of exploration.  EDIT2: Thanks for all the suggestions. I also wonder that is there any 4X games less about exterminate but more about other 3X aspects? Perhaps some space 4Xs? Thanks
[alpha protocol]	Hey. I just recently bought Dragon Age on the steam sale and started playing it. I didn't look at the gameplay before hand, I just know that it was an RPG, and a lot of people recommended it. I started playing as a city elf thief, and was really liking the gameplay of my character until I actually had to party up. In the tutorial place, I felt like my cousin was just getting in the way, so I kept telling him to hang back in other rooms while I fought everything with my character. After the tutorial, I realized you HAD to use your party to actually **do** the game. I'll get back to playing Dragon Age how it was meant to be played, but does anyone know of a game sort of like DA, but where you only use one character?   **TL;DR:** I started playing Dragon Age without knowing about the party combat system. What are some similar RPGs that let me be the thief I'd like to be?
[castle crashers, castle crashers]	Looking for a quick game for my friend and I. Doesn't need lastability or replayability, just needs to be enjoyable for an hour or so. Even if it's not worth touching again after a bit of playing, I'm okay with that so long as it wasn't an *enormous* waste of money. Here are the guiedlines:  * Must be for Wii, Wii U, or Xbox 360. Downloading it from one of the respectable online stores is an option, including the virtual console games on the Wii.  * Must have co-op, but both characters must be on the same screen at once. No split-screen.  * Preferably not text-heavy.  * Preferably not a game that takes itself really seriously.  * Most really big franchises (Mario, Kirby, others) are out of the question because my friend is kind of a whiner about a lot of otherwise popular franchises for some reason, but don't let that stop you from suggesting them.  If I remember any other guidelines, I'll put them out there.
[dayz]	By "trying to survive", I mean games having mechanics such as scavenging for food and water, and having an overall fragile character (eg: you can only take a few bullets, you can only take small amounts of fall damage, etc.)  The games I have played that resemble this kind of gameplay are:  * Don't Starve * Miasmata * Minecraft (vanilla and with mods) *   Some that only vaguely resemble what I want:  * Skyrim modded, but because it wasn't that difficult (due to high abundance of food and water) eating and drinking was more of a minor inconvenience as opposed to a key part of survival. * Fallout, however the same point as above seems to apply to this game as well. * Dark Souls, although this one arguably doesn't count since there's no need to find food and water.
[alone in the dark]	Are there any games with realistic item/environment interaction? By that I mean games that fully simulate every detail of the environment realistically without simplification. This would for example mean, that every switch you see is pressable and has a function, every box you see is openable and has content and every book you see can be read. Regular games always simplify things down, so while you might be able to pickup a bottle, you can't unscrew the cap, that's simply not an entity that the game allows you to interact with.  Jurassic Park: Trespasser would be an example of a game that sort of tried that, but given the limits of it's time, it didn't manage to get very detailed. It still featured a few interesting things, such the ability to shoot yourself, something no modern FPS allows.  Are there any games that so to speak model the environment in depth and not in breadth?
[scribblenauts unlimited]	I'm looking for a good game for my kids to watch me play. I'd prefer something fairly cartoonie and in action or action/rpg category.  Looking for something with pretty simple gameplay, not super complicated systems and dialogue trees. A jump button would be great.   My kids are young so swearing and violence are not great options.   Not super in the mood for Bastion (no jump button).  Thanks in advance for suggestions.  Edit:  Forgot to mention PC only. I have no consoles. I'd also prefer to stay away from emulation, if possible, but I may be asking for the moon.  Edit 2: I'll just update everyone what I've done. I think scribblenauts is a great suggestion, but I can't justify the purchase ATM. Kicking myself for not getting it during the winter Steam sale, though. I just ended up going with FFVII for PC (already had it). After my 9-year old daughter started noticing some of the swears, I moved over to FFX emulated. They seem pretty interested so far, but the story is a bit trippy.  Does it get better or is it still pretty trippy through the whole game?
[maestro! jump in music, spore creature creator, faerie solitaire, nanashi no game, little inferno, knytt stories, this game, audiosurf, audiosurf, audiosurf, minecraft, minecraft, irisu]	I pretty much play tons of genres, but lately I feel the need to just relax.  **Some games I played recently that were somewhat relaxing were ummm:**  **RealMyst,** yet frustrating (oh i solved the hard puzzle but missed some dumbass little thing i was supposed to click on somewhere and have to look at a walkthrough), not sure I want to play riven. But im not opposed.  Believe it or not, I felt **Amnesia**to be relaxing.  Finished it 2 days ago. I cant really explain it, there was little or no penalty for dying, I like survival horror. The main characters development was great.  The puzzles were challenging but not obtuse (eff you realmyst).  Id find myself involuntarily screaming, dying, yet having a huge smile on my face.  A weird combo indeed.  **Chivalry Midieval warfare.**  You kill people, you die, everyone dies.  Stress reliever, doesnt make me angry like other FPS's.  Its just theres only a few maps, and i heavily dislike last team standing mode.  Turn up volume til it almost hurts for maximum hilarity.  Ive been trying to play **Shogun 2: Total War**, which I like but i also feel like it stresses me out.  I dislike micromanaging.  Im on the fence about this game being relaxing or not, I think I just need to learn about it.  **Binding of isaac:** Quick playthrough. You die. At least I die. Doesn't stress me out.  **Majesty HD** : Now this game I like, I like that you dont micromanage your guys they go out and do their own thing, its just Ive gotten to the point in this game where the missions are super hard.   **Games I've been playing that I don't find relaxing:**  **Torchlight II.**  Right now the gameplay consists of me following a build off hte internet that I know nothing about.  Running around killing shit which 0 chance of dying, and then having to stop and make 5 or so non obvious decisions on the equipment you picked up. Too micromangey for me but sure Im in the minority. Ill probably keep giving it a chance.  **Bloodbowl Legendary Edition**:  Fuck off, its infuriating for noobs and I dont really want to spend 5 days reading rules (games tutorial consists of, an inffective info dump and then telling you to read the 70 page pdf rulebook) and scouring the internet for strategies to be able to play my first game somewhat competently.  You have to make all these critical decisions before you even play a game. I still have hope for this game because its a direct translation of a fully fleshed out tabletop game so im sure its good at its core, it just takes a lot to get there.  **Natural Selection 2**:  Everyone talks about how great this games community is.  Everytime I play on a noob friendly server I just get a commander calling us sorry and shit.  Fuck you, ive played 3 times and im halfway up the scoreboard and following all your orders.  Plus would it hurt to use cardinal directions sometimes, like 'head north', instead of head into some randomly named room I have to check the map for constantly and yell at us if we dont go there.  **Dota 2**. Rofl, do I need to offer an explanation?  Like it but its certainly the opposite of relaxing unless you're playing against bots but thats unrewarding.  **Skyrim**:  Probably relaxing, but I stopped playing a year ago and I tried to pick up where I left off and have no idea what the fuck im doing anymore. I HATE managing inventory.  Might try a new playthrough.  **Planetside 2**: eff off, uninstalled.  **Xcom: enemy unknown** I tried 2 playthroughs with this on ironman,  Everything would be going great then all of a sudden boom game over.  Poorly designed difficulty spikes.  A playthrough of this game on non ironman might be better, but having already tried 2 playthroughs im not sure Im even interested.  **Fifa 13**Probably one of my favorite games I've ever owned, the ammount of different modes this game offers is impressive (and i didnt like soccer until last year after i bought fifa 12), yet anyone who's played it knows that sometimes things get broken.  **-----------------------------------------------------------------**   Anyways, I own a shitload of games on steam and a bunch of  as well so just name some suggestions. I probably own them already even.  I dont think if im looking for a dear ester type game where you just wander around and nothing happens, I do want a real game, I just need to not be so fucking stressed out all the time right now.  Also, fuck, I think im getting old.  Shit am I looking for an **mmo**?  Maybe thats not a bad idea? Willing to take suggestions on that f2p or not, that dont consist of WoW (already played it, enjoyed it, moved on) or games that are too well established for me to come in and have a good time, meaning like theres no low level players. 
[dark souls]	While I am much more used to KB+M and can't play most games without them, there is something to be said for sitting in front of a TV with a controller in hand. Unfortunately, I have found that Steam's idea of "controller supported" (even on games with "full controller support") is quite different than mine. I wish they were more clear on what "partial controller support" meant. I went to play GTA: Vice City (which I realize is pre-360) and it basically meant that the left stick moves the player character, but that's pretty much it.   So, I was hoping that people could give me some good suggestions for PC games that are suitable to play with a controller and ideally work well with a 360 controller.  I have played many of the Assassin's Creed games, Trine, Super Meat Boy, Braid, Spec Ops: The Line, old Fifa and Madden, and Just Cause 2 with a controller and enjoyed them, just to give an idea.
[deus ex: human revolution, xbox]	I'm looking for some new games. Below, I have a list of games I own and I want your opinions on what I should get, based on what I have.  Assassin's Creed (whole series) Batman (the rocksteady series) Bioshock (both w/ infinite pre-ordered) Mass Effect (whole series) Mirror's Edge Portal (both) Dark Souls Guild Wars 2 Pokemon (fan from the start) Telltale's The Walking Dead Tales of Vesperia (only one I own, but I love the whole series) I'm also 20 so I've played and LOVE the Mario games, LoZ games and select other classics.  I have a Xbox 360, a DS Lite and a moderately powerful PC (Guild Wars 2 on high at 30FPS).  I prefer to stick to console, but I'm open to PC exclusives too.  Thanks in advance. :)
[dungeons of dredmor, roguelike]	Every couple of hours of work, I get hungry for a game, but can get sidetracked if it's too involving. I would like to find something that has more staying power than most Flash games and can leave you feeling satisfied after a few minutes. Here are some guidelines, but feel free to diverge:  * PC-friendly and runs well in a smaller window. At the most, something that alt-tabs well. (PC-friendly can include emulated games from older systems).  * Something with character building or base building narrative, plus variation and some freedom. Elder Scrolls match my ideals in this area, but I also love roguelikes.   * Something where the short gaming sessions are built into the gameplay. I feel like Animal Crossing might be the best example of this as you could really only do so much each day and you'd exhausted your options, but the real time system made it interesting to check in and do a little bit each day. If there were some Minecraft meets Animal Crossing out there, I'd be in heaven.  * No Facebook or "social" games. While these have the limited turns per day thing going, I hate them, even the "Hardcore" Kixeye ilk.  * Once again, things that won't overly suck me in. I really like Roguelikes, but my favorites (Elona and Tome4) are so expansive that I don't feel satisfied in a short time. However, coffee break roguelikes that have some unlock or progress system built in would be very welcome.
[legend of dragoon, final fantasy vii]	Legend of Dragoon is my all-time, hands down, most favorite game ever and I have played it multiple times over the past decade since it came out. It was the first video game that I ever became addicted to and I really can't say enough about how much I love it, lol. So.. this weekend when I was looking through the PlayStation Store, I ran across LoD in the "PS1 Classics" and I, of course, dowloaded it since my PS3 doesn't have backwards compatibility and I haven't been able to play it in a while. It brought back many amazing memories :)  My question is.. even though I love it, the graphics are terrible (obviously because it's 13 years old) and I really want to find a new game to play that is recent. I guess the reason I haven't been able to find anything remotely similar to LoD is because.. I'm a woman and extremely picky, haha. If anyone can help me find a game with the things I'm looking for.. I'd REALLY appreciate it!  Without further ado, here's what I like:  RPG's -- I like to have a story behind the game. Doesn't have to be a certain type of story.. I'm not picky when it comes to that!  Turn-based fighting -- LoD's fighting is easy for me to do and I love learning the new additions.  No double joystick -- I'm the WORST when it comes to using double joysticks. I don't have good hand-eye coordination at all! When one thumb goes the the left, the other thumb wants to do the same thing. So half the time I'm trying to run and staring up at the sky, lol. Maybe it's just something I've got to get the hang of but.. ultimately, if I could find a game that I didn't have to do it.. I'd be set :)  And that's basically it! So.. hit me with your suggestions! I appreciate the help!
[final fantasy iv, chrono trigger]	I posted on here yesterday that I was looking for a new game to play that was like Legend of Dragoon -- it's been my most favorite game ever since it came out because it was the first video game I became completely addicted to. I got a few suggestions on my post that I thought were good and I also went ahead and trolled through some forums for "PS3 turn based JRPG's" and came up with a few from there as well. Here's the list I've compiled between the two sources..  Shadow Hearts series Final Fantasy (however, I've never played any of them and it was suggested I start with FFIX. PSN has FF Origins which is FF I and II.. but I was really starting to find something newer with better graphics?) Dragon Quest Resonance of Fate Grandia Enchanted Arms Tales of Graces F  Any suggestions on which of those are better over the others? Or do you have something else to add to the list? I also got a suggestion of Valkyria Chronicles but I researched and saw that it's more of a strategy RPG and I'm really not interested in that. I want like old-school turn based RPG. I also heard that there's a new game coming out in a few weeks called Ni No Kuni? It's supposed to be awesome..?  Thanks for the help!
[diablo]	I recently started playing Minecraft while listening to the Audiobook of  *Rise of the Governor* and I really have been enjoying myself. Minecraft can be monotonous/really quiet at times, so I liked being able to hear a story  play out alongside mine. I also listened to *the Nerdist* podcast while playing, and that was really cool as well.  So, any recommendations for other games I can play while listening to audiobooks or podcasts? The only other game I can think of is Terraria, which is a lot like Minecraft. Thanks in advance! 
[dragon age: origins, the witcher]	Or any other style (like Sci-Fi) I suppose. I'm looking for a game that has a really huge feel to it. In the sense that there is stuff going on even when I'm not around to see it. Something like Skyrim, if there were huge battles going on (it's supposed to be a civil war, right? Why isn't there more war? (Note, I have heaps of mods that add stuff to it, and I'm not looking for Skyrim specifically, but something similar)) or a game where I can join a faction and make war on others. And I've played hundreds of hours of Mount&amp;Blade, so not that either, something similar. I apologise if this isn't a very helpful description, and if I can be of any help answering questions ask away.  Oh, before I forget, PC only, if you could. Please.
[rayman origins, out there]	My girlfriend was never that much of a gamer, with the closest she came being when her family bought an N64 and she and her sister took turns playing Banjo Kazooie while the other read the strategy guide aloud. Since then she hadn't played many games - aside from some facebook/google+ social games - until she saw me playing Minecraft.  A few months ago we started playing together in peaceful mode, partly to let her get used to first-person gaming without much pressure and partly because her laptop was old and GPU-less; her frame rate was so low and prone to hangs that she couldn't really defend herself (and occasionally fell off cliffs and down chasms), but she persevered and after weeks of slowly building some fantastic things she decided it was time for a new laptop so we could turn the monsters on.  Since then we've been playing frequently, starting a new monster-infested world and building up an impressive and well-supplied fortress, but we've run out of new things to do in Minecraft, or at least things she's interested in. Last night she wished aloud for another game we could play together, but so far nothing has come to mind as there are some constraints:  * PC games ideal, XBox and Wii also options. * Cooperative play that can be kept to just the two of us. Bonus points for it not being too easy to accidentally kill each other either. * Goal-oriented, somewhat linear play. Some exploration would be good, but having a main story to follow or a big bad to go after with a final "you win!" moment is important. * Nothing too scary or graphically violent: Minecraft's Nether is about as intense as she's up for right now. Watching me playing Borderlands 2 recently has been giving her nightmares about a Psycho bursting into our bedroom... * Longer play sessions okay: We sit down to game with the intention of being at it for at least an hour, and even when we say "only an hour" it usually means an hour and a half.  Suggestions?  **tl;dr: Need a new game to play with my girlfriend that fits the above-listed constraints.**
[prison architect]	I'd like a game where you can create a world, terrain and all, populate it, and then watch it go about its business on its own. Does anyone know of any games like this?  **EDIT** To clarify, I mean something that has an air of simplicity to it and ideally works something like this: You are god. You start with a blank slate and make mountains, rivers, valleys, oceans, etc. Then, you place animals and people on the planet. After that, they are pretty much free to do as they will and you watch them, perhaps occasionally meddling in their affairs as you see fit.
[victoria 2]	I'm looking for any kind of strategy games that focus more on building civilizations or managing resources and other such things, that doesn't rely on "exciting" fights between armies to lengthen gameplays.  I really, really like Crusader Kings 2 with its focus on maintaining dynasties, but it doesn't do as much city building and resource management. I like games like Roller Coaster Tycoon or Tropico 4, but it doesn't have as much of the emergent narrative aspect that Crusader Kings 2 can have.  I guess a happy middle between the two is Civilization 5, but I've gotten a bit bored with it (even after Gods &amp; Kings).  Just some more examples of games I've played in this vein:  Total War: Rome (I just can't get into the combat, although I like other aspects of it)  Endless Space (mechanics for maintaining &amp; building civilizations is pretty cool, but the combat isn't very good, and I always just skip it and see it as unnecessary)  Edit: I should have pointed out that I'm a PC player (obviously).
[grandia 2, alundra 2, guess it]	First restriction is the platform: PS3(or anything on PS3 market), PS2, and PC. I typically am unimpressed with Steam games, however if it is something special I will consider buying it.  The other restriction is on the battle system: I want some sort of interaction in the combat system other than pressing Attack and waiting. Some notable games that I like that have this sort of system are:  The Legend of Dragoon - Turn based; press attack and you have to perform an Addition, essentially a combo with timed button presses.  Star Ocean series - Free to run around in a small battle area, able to use skills and normal attacks at any time.  .hack series - Not one of my favorites, however has all the basic elements I like. Open world inhabited by monsters, no "battle mode"; fight monsters in an open field, able to use skills and attack at any time.  Baten Kaitos - Turn based, all attack and defense based on a card system similar to Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories, tactics involved in keeping cards you need available.  Kingdom Hearts - Great amount of mobility on the battle field, definitely a lot of action elements, which I enjoy.  Other than the battle system, I really don't care about much else in the game. I'm ok with shitty graphics, bad story, etc. as long as the game is fun to play. However, I do not intend on spending more than $10-$20 on each game.
[street fighter, soul calibur, be good]	I haven't played any fighting games before and I would like to try out the genre.  Preferably I would like to play a fighting game with an interesting story to keep me interested until I've given the genre a fair chance. Or if not a story (I don't know if any fighting games have stories) at least that it should have singleplayer that is good.  Also online multiplayer is also a plus since I won't have anyone to play with otherwise.  Keep in mind that I'm a newb and won't care for imbalance or things only the old school elite cares about, I just want to have fun trying out the genre. If it bothers me further down the road then I can just start playing a more competitive fighting game.  **Edit: Has to be on PC!**
[pokemon x]	About a year+ ago, I sold my NDSi and all my games (including the latest ones at the time like Pokemon White) to a shady guy who drove 2 hours in the dead night to meet up with me in a train station for the sole purpose of buying it.  I sold it to him for 80 AUD, and I sort of regret selling it so cheaply but regardless,  Is it worth spending 150-200 AUD to buy a 3DS to quell my cravings of the DS? I regret actually selling the damn DSi I had, let alone so cheaply.  Will I get my satisfaction even after plowing through a DSlite for a while, then onto a DSi and playing through so many games for so many years?   Will it be a worthy purchase, or should I just tank it? **Other factors needn't apply; just simply if you think that my situation benefits from purchasing the 3DS.**  Things to note are any 3DS exclusive things that may interest an ex DSi owner.  Thank you.
[gladius, gladius, xbox]	I have a somewhat weird idea in my head for a game that I want to play... It's not *super* weird, but not very traditional either...  Basically, I recently played the new XCOM, and loved it. But I want to play that exact game, but with knights and wizards and stuff.   The very first games that came to my mind were things like Baldurs Gate and Neverwinter Nights and Dungeon Seige and shit... But that's not what I want. Also, I've already played those games. And most of those games are real time, I'd like something to be turn based, and with a "checkerboard" type world, like XCOM is... I also found some of them to be *way* too complicated for me. I like how in XCOM you can pick it up and figure it out pretty good. But, like Baldurs Gate especially, you need to deal with all sorts of classes and stats and shit. Way too confusing for me. I like simpler RPG's... Like XCOM! Each different class was simple to deal with, and armor and weapons were pretty simple too.  But I liked the "tactical" aspect of XCOM. I don't know if that makes any sense... But it's not really something that I think of when it comes to RPGs. Maybe because of the lack of guns, I don't know. But I liked setting up my guys in XCOM, putting my sniper in the back to watch over everything, sending in my shotgun guy first because of he kicks the most ass, stuff like that... But in RPG's (at least the ones I've played), it's just "everybody moves in together!" and it's not the same.  But I liked how you would have to explore areas and stuff slowly as you move each of your guys individually and turn by turn, and I think that'd be cool in dungeons instead.  So pretty much, I want something *exactly* like XCOM but with wizards and warriors instead. Does that game exist?   **EDIT: Preferably on PC, but I'll take any suggestions if you have them.**
[assassin's creed, dead island, far cry 3, sci-fi]	I had made a post in r/GamingSuggestions about a week ago asking for an RTS. I have gone through all of the suggestions and had looked at all of the RTS games available, and nothing really catches my eye.  I have decided that I need a game that will take me a minimum of 20 hours to complete, does not run on Java (because [fuck Java](http://, that's why), and has a compelling story. It cannot be an RPG (because I played a million of those recently) or a 4X RTS/RTT/Turn-based game. It also can't be multiplayer, because I have CS , CS:S, and NS2 for that.  I've been looking at Batman: Arkham City and Darksiders 1. I've played Skyrim, Deus Ex: HR, Fallout 3/NV. I have Morrowind and Neverwinter Nights 2 Gold.  I just have no friggin idea what I want to play next. Please help!
[dungeon village, dungeon village, dungeon village, game dev story, kairobotica]	I love the city sim genre defined by SimCity. I'm also an iPhone owner. I figured the two go hand-in-hand.  Are there any good city sim games for iOS that **don't** involve having to buy Energy via micro-transactions just to play the damn game more than 5 minutes? Because I can't seem to find them. All I seem to find are these "My Town" with Zynga-esque graphics and micro-transactions everywhere.  I do not mind paying upfront for the game. I prefer that to ad-supported and free-2-play options.  I have EA's official SimCity for iOS but it's basically crap. So I've given up on them. I figured there's some good clones out there, but the search results are clouded by all the F2P nonsense and the fake reviews that go with them.
[know how, ff13]	This isn't quite a typical suggestion I am asking for, but hear me out if you will. Okay, thanks to the steam sale and various other Christmas sales, my self control collapsed and I have been left with a large number of games both new and old that I want to play strewn across many platforms (I own most of them.)   The problem here is, is that I have so many games, and so many of them are in the 20+ hour range for length that it seems like an impossible task to try and finish all of these games.   **So what I ask is this: I need help completing this seemingly impossible task of playing a mountain of games, do you guys and gals have any suggestions for making the impossible, possible? Previous plans that have worked for you, plans that you've heard, etc.?**
[assassin's creed 2, bioshock 2, ac2, ac2]	I've just got about 30 steam credits, that I intend to spend on games(obviously)... I have deceided to get Garry's Mod after many recommendations, but that leaves me with 20 euros. I've been thinking of getting either Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood or Bioshock 2. I haven't played any of them, and I just wonder how both games work, and all that: Good and bad things about both. And also, do you think Garry's Mod is worth it? (First post on this subreddit: Send me a message if I'm doing this wrong and I'll delete the post.)  EDIT: I haven't played any games from either series, but I like stealth/assassin gameplay, and I like steampunk/shooters, which fits the descriptions I've got so far pretty well, hence the choice of games. If you have other suggestions of good 20 euro games they are also welcome. 
[sword of the stars , among the stars, strategy games, strategy games, medieval 2, war games, total war]	I need a strategy game that is fun to play alone. I need a game that takes a while to beat like the campaign on the total war games but my computer can't handle any of the total war games after medieval 2 and I already finished that quite a few times. RTS games are alright but the campaigns tend to be short and the real fun is in multiplayer.  I've tried civilization IV and I didn't enjoy it. I've also looked at some grand strategy games like hearts of iron and europa universalis but they're not very appealing to me.
[xcom: enemy unknown]	Back in the day, I owned a game called Shadow Watch.  I've been looking for a more modern version of this type of game but haven't seen too much - maybe you guys can help!  If you are not familiar with it:  It's a turn based action/strategy game.  Each mission presented an objective which ranged from stealing something, assassinating a target, freeing/escorting a hostage from a bad situation.  You pick a team before you go into a mission, each character had different specialties like one dude used explosives and shotguns, someone else was a sniper, and there was a stealthy/assassin type chick etc...  Anything out there right now?  Open to PSN, PC, or Android titles.
[tales of vesperia]	I'm an Xbox gamer, and I'm beginning to hit a rut. I've completely finished Batman: Arkham City, Skyrim, and the Mass Effect trilogy, with at least 150 hours in each game. I've tried The Witcher 2 and Dishonored, but I couldn't get into them for whatever reason. I've started New Vegas, but the gun combat is scarring me away a bit. I've been looking at Dark Souls and Dragons Dogma. Any other recommendations? Should I give TW2 and/or Dishonored another look?  Edit:Sorry I didn't clarify. I like RPG's/shooters, but I'm open to any other genres. I've played BF3 as well, which sucked in hindsight, and Episode One of Walking Dead, which was awesome, but I haven't had the money or motivation to buy the rest yet.   Edit 2:Thanks so much for the recommendations so far guys. My wishlist is starting to get bigger.
[minecraft, minecraft, xbox]	I'm looking to buy two games this weekend for my three nephews. The youngest is 6, the elder ones are 10 and 13. I planned on getting them Borderlands 2 but noticed that it has an M rating (I haven't played a game in almost a year =|), and their mother is Christian so I don't want to put that relationship at risk (they've done me some pretty huge favors).  I'm looking for a fun, but somewhat educational game. I remember slaving away at RuneScape and learning that tin+copper = bronze, carbon+iron=steel, or playing AoE 3 and having a ton of fun in solo play with its (fictional) historical theme spanning centuries. So far they only play FPS (I think CoD), and I'd prefer to give them some not-FPS game.  So I'd like to know your suggestions.    Minecraft isn't necessary, as it already runs (sluggishly) on their PC. Thanks! 
[darksiders, far cry 3]	I'm looking for a good RPG on PC that I haven't played yet.  Even older ones that I may have missed.  Right now, I'm finishing my 3rd play-through of Dragon Age: Origins.         "RPG-ish" means I would include games like Red Dead Redemption and Assassin's Creed 3, which have enough RPG elements.      Here's my list of RPG-ish games I've already played.  Hopefully this can tell you what kinds I like most.  I'm looking for something fresh and new.  What do you suggest?      **Skyrim** (love it, will play through again later on)   **Oblivion** (realy liked it, will play again eventually)   **Morrowind** (my all-time favorite)   **Nehrim** (liked it)   **Fallout 3** (really liked)   **Fallout: NV** (liked a lot, but bugs prevented me from finishing)   **DA:O** (really liked)   **Dragon Age 2** (meh, quit after maybe 10 hours)   **Mass Effect / ME2 / ME3**  (love the series; will replay ME3 eventually)   **KOTOR**  (awesome)   **KOTOR 2**  (really liked)   **RDR** (loved)   **Witcher 2** (liked it)   **Witcher 1** (played maybe 1 hour; runs horribly on my PC)   **Deus Ex: HR** (loved it, will eventually replay)   **Assassin's Creed 2/ AC: B'hood / AC3** (liked)   **GTA IV**  (really liked)   **Divinity 2: Ego Draconis**  (really liked - this is an overlooked gem for RPG junkies)   **Dark Souls** (love-hate; played a lot but never finished)   **Borderlands 1 / 2**  (liked 1;  quit 2 because bored)   **Just Cause 2**  (liked)   **Red Faction: Guerilla** (really liked;  another oft-overlooked great)   **Fable /2/3**  (never tried 1; liked 2; quit 3)   **Torchlight 2**  (played a lot, but quit because too repetitive)     
[minecraft, minecraft]	Me and my 2 friends have been playing a lot of games (Pc only) recently but we need something new, something that can keep us playing for at least more than a week - a month.  I'm going to write a "guideline" for what we need. Your suggestions will not have to follow each guideline but simply not differ too much:  **Gameplay:**  I'll start with the gameplay since this is the hardest part:   We need something that is played like a FPS or a RPG. Now, i'm not saying it HAS to be a RPG or a FPS. What i'm saying is we need a game where you have 1 hero/champion/character. Think COD, Dungeon Defenders, WoW, etc... Gameplay like Wc3, Heroes of Might and Magic is alright too, just not too complicated.  **Graphics:**  Anything that's better or the same as WC3 should do. At least not worse.  **Leveling system:**  Think LoL, Dota. Leveling should not make you "better" than your fellow players. Like in WoW a level 10 is much stronger than a level 1, that's not what we want, we want a game where even if 1 of us gets ahead it should be no problem.   **Strategic:**  It should not be a game where we have to think too much. Think Tower Defense games. A game where you don't have to be on 100% all the time in order to be good, but if you sleep for just a bit you'll die/loose. So, you have to stay in the game, watching/playing, but the brain should not have to run too, just following with the eyes/mouse should be enough.  **PVP/PVE:**  It needs a PVP aspect. If there is no PVP at all then it's not something we can use. PVE is not needed, but would be fun once in a while.  If i remember more i'll write it down, any suggestions are welcomed!
[fallout: new vegas, state of decay, left 4 dead 2, fallout 3]	My dad has been on and off into video games over the years. We played some Air Warrior, Halo, CoD Modern Warfare, World at War with the zombies, I think he even played and finished Red Dead Redemption. Mostly it was all very casual and in multiplayer with me and my brother.   He started playing some PS3 games over his time off at Christmas, namely Dead Island, Resident Evil 5, and Rage. I suggested Fallout 3 to him and he has been happily wandering the wasteland killing people.  He is already asking about other games he might like. He seems to enjoy the post-apocalyptic/zombie stuff, so I was wondering if there might be some often overlooked options in those genres that I could suggest to him.  He has a PS3 and I have a 360 that I would let him have, but he doesn't have a gaming-capable pc.  Thanks for any suggestions!
[frozen synapse]	**tl;dr Any games like Rainbow Six, SWAT, Brothers in Arms but without the FPS aspect. Something similar to a more modern version of Full Spectrum Warrior**  I originally posted this in /r/AskGames but this might have been a better place.  Anyway, what I'm looking for is a squad-based RTS that is fairly realistic. The closest thing I can think of would be Brothers In Arms/Rainbow Six/SWAT but without the FPS aspect.  Ideally a game where suppression/flanking is a feature of the game ( enemies can be suppressed allowing other squads to maneuver into a flanking position to attack the enemy).  Something fairly realistic, (someone posted Warhammer Dawn of War 2 which is kind of what I want but it's a bit too unrealistic. I really want human enemies and controlled units so the damage is realistic) and close-ish quarters (Like Brothers in Arms, Rainbow Six and SWAT).  The suggestions from /r/AskGames that seemed the closest to what I want was Frozen Synapse, although I would've preferred controlling squads to individual units.  The game that comes to mind is Full Spectrum Warrior, but it's not on Steam or GOG so I'm not too sure.  Suggestions from the other thread:  XCOM: Enemy Unknown - Already own and I want a more realistic game and real-time.  Company of Heroes, World In Conflict - Both are controlling armies rather than a few squads.
[shadow of the colossus]	I've posted here on [/r/gamingsuggestions](/r/gamingsuggestions) before asking about a Dragon Age esque game. But this time I'm here, asking for an entire kind of game.  I would like to know if anyone knows about a Monster Hunter esque game? I live in Sweden so the latest Monster Hunter I've played was Monster Hunter Tri to the Wii, but I did not like the start (you had to farm with weapons I didn't want to use and my favourites wasn't even in the game).  I just ordered Ragnarok Odyssey (the us version, which will be imported) as I've heard good things about it and that it's going to be similiar to the MH genre.   So hit me with any suggestions of a MH esque game I could pick up soon (be it in a store or a free game)!  -  And to narrow the answers down a little bit, the consoles I own:  *PS vita  *PS3 (xbox360 also, but prefer games to the ps3)  *DS Lite  *A good gaming computer (One year old and is still awesome)  -  For the similar games that I got/have played:  -   *Monster Hunter Freedom Unite (still playing it, though getting a bit tired on this version of MH after playing it for 3 years +)  *Tera (waiting until it goes F2P when more friends will join me, have been trying it out recently so I know how it is)  *Dark Souls
[castlevania, nier, los]	Now, I find myself faced with quite a dilemma, I feel like playing something different to the DMC-fest I've been going through recently, however I have a hankering for a very specific type of game, and finding any games that meet my criteria (and that I haven't played) is proving extremely difficult for me (mainly because any google search comes up with the usual Skyrim or Oblivion, and it's really pissing me off) I'm looking for a fantasy RPG and my Criteria are as follows (In order of importance):  * The game needs a long, engaging story (something that has story altering decisions would be nice as well) * It needs to have offline single-player * It needs to be on either PC or PS3 (preferably PC) * A Slightly ostentatious art-style would be nice, I've spent around 500 hours trudging through Skyrim's bland, grey world, and I'm not keen to do it again. * Free-roam and Character Customization/creation are not essential, but they would be welcome  And please, to preserve my sanity, no Click Spamming loot fests like Diablo or Torchlight.  Now, the games that I've played that commonly show up on lists like these are as follows:  * The entire Elder Scrolls franchise * All the Fallout games * All the Ultima games * The entire  franchise * Every single Bioware game under the sun * Planescape: Torment * Icewind Dale 1&amp;2 * Pretty much every D&amp;D game not yet covered * Demons/Dark Souls * Dragons Dogma * Every Mount and Blade game * All the final fantasy games (Bar a few spin-offs and the online games) * Borderlands 1&amp;2 * Diablo 1-3 * Torchlight 1-2 * The Witcher 1&amp;2  as well as a good few other games I can't list off the top of my head  Games I forgot to add (will update this list over time):  Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning 
[legend of dragoon, playstation]	Hey here r/GamingSuggestions !  I'd like to know what are some RPG that uses battle mechanics like in Paper Mario in the sense that when the character is about to attack or cast a spell, give you the option to press a button or something to make the attack stronger or more effective.  I know Mother 3 &amp; the Mario &amp; Luigi series have these... and that's about it /: I really like this gameplay mechanic, but haven't seen it in other games other than Paper Mario, Mother 3, and the Mario &amp; Luigi RPG games.
[the walking dead, hotline miami, borderlands 2, dark souls]	Okay, this is entirely too vague, I'm sure.  But I just sold my MacBook and built a custom gaming PC with all super high-end equipment. Considering I had a Mac (and no consoles) for so long, what are some games that I should absolutely not miss out on? I personally love RPGs, Action RPGs, Indie games with great stories ( Bastion, Cave Story), hell even FPS as long as they have a good story (Half Life series, Far Cry, etc).  Now I have the basics down, So far I have Far Cry 3, Saints Row the Third, The Witcher 2, Crysis 2, Hitman Absolution, and a few indie games here and there (Bastion, Cave Story, Dead Pixels, etc.)  Now is there anything I've been missing out on that I absolutely need to play? Ideally, something that will test the abilities of my new PC, or any games that will really immerse me not only in an amazing story, but also fun gameplay.  Thanks, and sorry for being so vague! I just need something new to play!
[tenchu]	**Keep in mind, I do not want the game to feature an actual ninja, I just want a certain gameplay experience**  What I want:  - Stealthy gameplay (Ability to use brute force and go in guns blazing, if I want, is a plus, however)  - Preferably athletic character able to do some fancy moves(Think Splinter Cell, climb, jump and vault obstacles), also able to stand for him(her)self in a fight with an enemy. If I get caught I want to punch some faces before I'm eventually overpowered.  - I want to be able to kill or leave people alive if I desire(Like Dishonored or Deus Ex)  - I'd rather play a third person game, but 1st person is fine.  - NO bullshit conditions like if detected, the mission is over.  Examples of games I've already played:  - Deus Ex(All of them)  - Dishonored  - Splinter Cell(All of them)  - Metal Gear Solid 1,2  - Mark of the Ninja  - Assassins Creed(All of them), not exactly what I'm looking for, but whatever.  - Batman AA and AC  - Hitman(All of them)  - Chronicles Of Riddick(Both games)  Thanks for reading, hope I will find something new and cool to play with your help.  **PC or 360. Don't really care if the game is reasonably old(2004+).**
[tf2, tf2]	I've been thinking about playing Planetside 2, since it's F2P on Steam, and I noticed that there's apparently quite a few F2P games on there. Have many of these been widely played? Is there a general consensus regarding which of these are good and which aren't?  Ones that most caught my eye:  * Planetside 2 * Stronghold Kingdoms * Tribes Ascend  I've played Puzzle Pirates years ago and I've played Alliance of Valiant Arms and TF2 (though not very much of either) so I'm vaguely familiar with those, but the rest I don't know much about.  Thing I'm interested in:  * Are they pay to win? * Are they fun? * How's the community?
[ni no kuni]	I grew up in the SNES era, and some of my fondest gaming memories are from classic JRPGs, like Chrono Trigger, FF3, and Secret of Mana. But around 2001 I played a little game called KotOR that completely won me over to western RPGs for the next decade.  The last JRPG I finished was FFX (though I probably would have played FFXII if I hadn't sold my PS2 by the time it came out).  With all the hype I've been hearing lately about Persona 4 Golden though, and now Ni No Kuni, I'm finally thinking about going back.  The only question is which one to start with.  So which game would you recommend for someone trying to ease back into JRPGs?
[saints row the third, just cause]	I cannot, for the life of me, put into words what type of games I'm looking for, but I can paint a picture based on what I love doing in games. Closest I can come is to say that I like to "screw around."  It started with Tomb Raider and swan diving onto hard surfaces to hear Lara's neck crack. I laughed my ass off for hours and never even tried to finish the game. Then I moved to Siphon Filter where you can shoot the other (friendly) agents on your team and the woman on voice comms is like "OMG GABE YOU JUST KILLED A CBDC AGENT!!!" Also: performing unnecessary surgery on patients in Life and Death and getting a bad review from the general surgeon. Killing  in MGS2 over and over again. Repeatedly taking pictures of the Marine Commandante (MGS2 as well). Harassing members of the resistance and listening to Otacon's reaction (MGS4). Team Killing in Modern Warfare. Shooting police officers and civilians in Deus Ex: HR. Killing civilians in any of the Thief series. Starting a Madden Franchise, purposefully failing the IQ test, and repeatedly choosing the "Complain about your coaches" option, then setting everyone on my team to the lowest stat level and watching the fumbles, balls thrown into backs, etc. Derailing trains in Train Simulator 2012. Jumping to my death on various games. And so on.  I really love when the game actually recognizes that you're doing something stupid: Like in RDR where John says "what is wrong with me!?!?!" if you keep shooting horses. The MGS series is pretty good about this too.  Anyway, I'd really appreciate suggestions for games that allow you to do these kinds of wacky, stupid, childish, mindless things. I have PC, Xbox 360, PS3, Wii. I am not at all averse to old games. Some of my favorite games to jack around in are DOS era, even.
[future games]	I'm REALLY interested on playing this RPG for some time, but because i'm not from the US, i can't go to Gamestop and buy it until March.  When i try looking for it on [Amazon](http://, but it's really darn expensive in there (70$ used.), and on [Ebay](http:// it's almost the same.  So here's the question, is Xenoblade Chronicles out of stock on GameStop? (I know it is on the [Website](http:// Because i would love to get this game!  And if it's out of stock, anybody knows any way to get it for less than 70-85$? 
[gothic ii, arcania]	Hi. Gothic II is the only RPG games that I enjoyed playing. It has an awesome story and it just makes me want to play it. Other games that I tried are dull and boring and I just end up not playing them after one or two hours. The last game I tried was Lord of The Rings Online (mmorpg) and imo it's a really bad game. Pretending to talking to people to solve problems is not that fun. I know that if I read the dialogs or not, the same things will happen.  So, any sugestions? Thanks!  I am looking for older games since my PC is not that awesome.
[the witcher 2, the witcher 2, ni no kuni]	Well, I am basicly looking for a game that takes a long time to complete, is immersive and has a good plot/story. A few examples:  * Chrono trigger (DS) * Persona 3/4 (PS2) * Radiant Historia (DS) * Tales of the Abyss (PS2, got halfway through it before I got bored) * kotor 1/2 (PC) * FF 6 (GBA) * 999: 9 hours, 9 persons, 9 doors (DS, not really a game per se, but I still loved it) * all "modern" bethesda rgps, such as fallout 3/nw and the elder scrolls series * now "playing" through umineko, but I'm waiting for a fan-made patch, can't read that game with the original art.  platforms: PC and everything that can be emulated with it.  I forgot some no-brainers such as:  * mass effect series * dragon age series/ other bioware rpgs * dark souls * deus ex: hr
[skies of arcadia, suikoden]	I really liked the aspect of playing through the game until I have enough influence to rule my own kingdom and then make improvements upon it by putting money into the funding of new buildings or road work. Not really looking for games like Civilization because I really like the RPG factor and am not willing to give that up. Fable 3 was kind of like the lite version of that kind of thing---Suikoden 2 was almost exactly what I want, but I'd like more of a modern update on it. Any help/suggestions would be welcomed!  EDIT: Another game that comes to mind that is like those two is Skies of Arcadia
[eve online]	Hey,  since some time now i want to come back into a MMO. Just leveling a character and make friends in guilds.   My problem is, that i'm over with MMO's like WoW. I played Guild wars 1 + 2, Warhammer online, SWTOR and obviously WoW. Except for WoW those mmos all failed to hold me long enough to say i had fun with those games.  Thats why i'm searching for something else. Years ago i played Ragnarok online and i loved it. The community was great, all people were kinda leveling back then and the style/music of it was fantastic. I even started new last week, but it doesnt feel fun, because nobody is in those low level zones anymore.  Maybe you know a game that could bring back the feelings. I just want to discover a new world **together** and not alone.
[trine 2]	Me and a friend have been enjoying ourselves running through different co-op games, but we're finding ourselves a bit stumped on what to play next.  So far we've played Dead Island, Dungeon Defenders (didn't really like it), Orcs Must Die 2, Resident Evil 5 and Lord of the Rings: War in the North, but it's getting harder and harder to come up with ideas.  The only thing that's off the table is Diablo style games, would prefer cheaper games, possibly with LAN support, but neither are requirements, old games aren't a huge deal, as long as they've aged well.
[banjo-tooie, minecraft]	Ever since burning out on Skyrim after doing everything several times, I've been needing another good open world. Far Cry 3 actually came really close but being much more of a shooter than anything else it didn't last like an RPG does.  What I'm trying to find is "pick a direction and run" kind of exploration, rather than something like Dark Souls or classic RPGs that are open but still restricted.  Even something that's relatively open world but isn't focused on exploration like Arma 2 can do the trick. Hell, I even enjoyed running around the larger Bad Company 2 SP maps just for fun, even if there was nothing there.  Naturally I already have every Bethesda game ever, RDR, Just Cause 2, Minecraft, a couple open racing games like Burnout Paradise, all the Zelda games, and a few others I'm not remembering.  And anything genre related doesn't matter. The ideal game would be a first person open world action/RPG, but if it's an isometric space sim puzzle platformer that's okay too.
[team fortress 2, call of duty, pick up, tf2]	The purpose of this thread is likely gonna be me trying to find out about some hidden games in the FPS genre. I'm looking for a somewhat casual FPS, where it is easy to pick up. Something like CoD would be perfect because running around in DM/TDM is perfect for me at the moment. Here are some criteria:          - I don't want something that is too "twitchy". I've played enough of Counter Strike as it is.        - I don't have the reflexes for games that are "momentum based". I'd like to steer clear of games that would involve things like jet-packs.        - I did some research on MMOFPS games. Games like Black Light Retribution and Alliance of Variant Arms do look promising, but I hate the "grind or pay" aspect of them.               Any suggestions? I played a bit of Gotham City Impostors, and enjoyed it. How about games that have more of a serious tone?
[spec ops: the line, to the moon]	Most of the time, the only thing I really care about in a game is the story.  So I'm on the lookout for some games that hit you right in the feels.  It doesn't necessarily have to be sad, but it should really be compelling.  It's uncommon to hear a man say that they want to cry from something, but I do.  I've already played quite a few: The Walking Dead, To the Moon, Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Darkness.  I'm looking into Mother 3 and Final Fantasy VII, but I want to add more to my list.  Just a disclaimer: I'm not a fan of modern FPS's in the slightest.  If it's exactly what I'm looking for and an FPS, then fine; suggest it.  But I have an unfortunate prejudice towards them.  Sorry if this is requested a lot, but I want to get more specified answers toward my preferences.
[spec ops]	This may be a bit unusual, but I seek for some darker games that put me in a depressed or melancholic mood. I feel that these games have the greatest immersion in gaming history.  **Games I played and that fulfilled my request:**  - Shadow of the Colossus  - To the Moon  - Bastion  - Metro 2033  - Mother 3  - Limbo (altough, I hate puzzle games)  - Zelda, Majoras Mask (I had tons depressing scenes)  I'm really searching for something that points directly at me and tells me: "you're the motherfucker that did this, now feel bad for it".  I'd gladly play Heavy Rain and MGS 4 (and don't even think spoiling the ending here, I try to avoid it for years), but I don't own a PS3 at the moment. Any suggestions on PC, PS2 and Emulators are fine tho. I don't care about gameplay, as long as It's not a puzzle oriented game.  Thanks in advance! 
[assassins creed, get away]	I just finished the Mass Effect 3 Trilogy and I am wondering which game I should play next.  I have played a bit of The Witcher, I am up to the first settlement, I forget its name. It has been awhile. I loved the dialogue and plot, however, the combat was very annoying. I understand they somewhat fixed this for the next game but I am not sure if it is worth slugging through it.  I haven't played any of Planescape:Torment but I have heard that it has the best plot out of pretty much any RPG in existence. I heard it has minimal combat and I am happy with that as long as the plot is as good as people say it is.   What should I do?
[darksiders 2, terraria , be good, thq]	Hiyo, I'm looking for games (Preferably PC / DS / 3DS plaforms) that fit this criteria.  **Tone**: Somewhat similar to Majora's Mask, I liked the dark and depressing nature of the game; I also liked the Pan's Labyrinth film tone. Think of it like an "R Disney Fantasy film" or "M rated Zelda".  **Gameplay**: Action-Adventure-ish. I really like Terraria and recently bought Bowser's Inside Story, so I want traveling to be fun and maybe add different weapons and items to upgrade the main character.  I'm already gonna buy Castlevania: Order of Ecclesia for the DS, but would appreciate other suggestions that were on Steam, GOG, etc. Note that I've already played LIMBO.  Thanks~  Edit: I don't have a great PC, so I would prefer 2D games or pre-2007 3D ones.
[crusader kings 2]	I've been playing FTL: Faster Than Light a bit recently, and I'm looking for something similar to that and XCOM in the sense of managing upgrades and building a base and sending dudes on missions.  XCOM Enemy Unknown would be perfect if there was an auto-battle feature, but I just don't enjoy the combat. I just want to play the "commander" role so to speak, and the soldiers do their own thing.  I would prefer something that runs on windows so I don't have to use DOSBOX. Civ games are waaaay too slow for me, so the game should have at least decent pacing.
[burnout: paradise]	Hello there. I was playing Just Cause 2 (GTA like game, if you don't know) a lot, and I just love to get a car and start driving around mountains, forest and beaches. The game, unlike GTA, is more focused in natural landscapes than big cities. Sometimes I feel that is a waste to have maps like this but no options to race at all. I am kind into the Landscape porn stuff.  So, you know any PC game that is more focused in nice, natural tracks. But still have a nice sense of speed, not being a ultra realistic rally?  Thanks for your attention!  Message to the Mods: I had some problems with this subreddit, my submissions are being counted as spawn (WTF). Then the mods removed from spawn, but the submission was too old and no one saw (almost every thopic ave at least one comment, mine have none). So I am reposting it hopping that will be counting as a normal submission. 
[borderlands 2, far cry 3]	I generally don't play FPS's because I'm pretty awful at them. Unfortunately that means I'm missing out on a lot of great games, so I'd like a game that will help me practice my aim and reactions without being too stressful. I would prefer a game where the focus is on the combat (or at least has a lot of it), that isn't frustrating when you die a lot (as I will inevitably do so), and doesn't have horror elements. My experience with FPS's is limited to TF2, Bioshock, HL2, and that's pretty much it. I get the feeling something like Borderlands 2 would be a good fit.  [edit] Unfortunately I'm also finicky about graphics and would prefer a game with non-outdated ones. My platform is PC. Thanks for any replies!
[final fantasy, final fantasy, final fantasy]	In the wastelands of generic stories and characters in way too many games these days, I'm looking for the few gems that actually put some creative effort into the design of their protagonists and compel us players to find out everything about their stories and the world around them.  Some examples would be Bioware's Dragon Age: Origins and the Mass Effect series (pls let's not talk about the ending right now^^), which really invited me to explore the lore of the world, instead of just ploughing through the main storyline. Fallout 3/New Vegas would be another one in that alley. Of the not-so-recent ones, Final Fantasy X is probably the most notable example from my point of view.   So now it's your turn reddit: Which games did I maybe miss, that you would consider exceptional in that sense?   PS: Oh and I already played The Walking Dead and it was awesome. I hope you still have some suggestions, even though that takes out one of the most obvious choices. ;)   Edit: Just to collect some of the first recommendations in a handy format:  * The Witcher / The Witcher 2 * FF6 (first NA release as FF3) * Valkyria Chronicles * Ico * Shadow of the Colossus * Vampire - the Masquerade: Bloodlines * Persona 4 (PS2)
[fallout: new vegas, duke nukem forever, serious sam, serious sam, game on]	I picked most of these up off of miscellaneous steam sales. RPG's are a favorite genre of mine, although I can never seem to finish them. This year, I plan to finish **most** of them. I'll bullet point them and you tell me which ones should go higher on my list. Here it goes...  **EDITED**  1. The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim 2. Bastion 3. Borderlands 2   4. Dragon Age : Origins Ultimate Edition 5. Fallout : New Vegas 6. Fable : The lost Chapters 7. Kingdoms of Amalur : Reckoning   * Batman : Arkham Asylum GOTY * Batman : Arkham City * Bulletstorm * Deus Ex : Human Revolution      **Dead last** :  Duke Nukem : Forever  Damn, I have **A TON** of RPG's. Well, Tell me which ones are worth playing, and I'll number them accordingly. Thanks /r/gamingsuggestions! 
[tropico, hl2]	I recently got back into games. I had a horrible habit in the past of becoming disinterested in a game and not finishing it. As a result, a majority of the PC games I had before I have not completed. I would like to finally finish them (from start to finish) but I have so many that I have absolutely no clue which order to go in. I am making myself finish every game before I get a new one, so here's the list.  Alpha Protocol  Amnesia  Bioshock  Fallout New Vegas  GTA (1-4)  Half-Life 2 (And all additional episodes)  Left 4 Dead  Left 4 Dead 2  Skyrim  Tropico
[the binding of isaac , crayon physics, giana sisters, noitu love 2]	So as the title says I am looking for some games that are out of the ordinary. I have been getting bored of the last few games I have played, deus ex:HR, arkham city, Borderlands 2, Skyrim, etc. I feel like they are pretty much the same games I have played a million times. POE seems good, but I keep getting disconnected so I want to put that off for a while. I am open to any suggestions and by the way I like pretty much everything, except fps.   Edit: Wow, thanks for all the ideas! I will sift through them tonight and see what looks promising. Also, this is my highest upvoted post ever.
[penny arcade, bulletstorm, bulletstorm, bulletstorm, bulletstorm, xbox]	I'm mostly looking for something I can fire up after a frustrating day at the office to blow off steam. Sometimes mowing down hordes of faceless enemies sounds awesome, and I don't really have any games that do that for me.   I don't really care about multiplayer these days (played enough Quake 2 and Counterstrike in college to last me a lifetime)....  a great campaign/story would be awesome, but really I just want fun single player/co-op gameplay, sweet weapons, and a good combat system. Satisfying kill cutscenes appreciated but not required.  It seems like there are a billion franchises out there and I really just don't know where to start. Any and all suggestions appreciated.  EDIT: Thanks for the suggestions so far everyone. I should have mentioned I have absolutely no problem playing old games (hell, I only started the Assassin's Creed franchise last summer). 
[littlebigplanet, resident evil 5, asc]	So yea I'm looking for a game that i can play side to side with my brother on my PS3, campaign would be preferred over multiplayer so if you have a good suggestion please let me know. Also please don't suggest **obvious** games like "Call of Duty Zombies and Spec Ops modes" or "Fifa 13". Finally if there's something that is confusing please let me know and i will be more than happy to help you out :)   - I just realized, if the game requires stealth we're both 100% down for it! an example would be Sniper Elite V2 but I THINK that's not on ps3 yet, please correct me if i'm wrong here.
[heroes of might and magic]	I just recently had surgery on my knee and its looking like I'm going to be sitting around for a couple of weeks. A perfect time for a new game! As I stated in the title, I am drawn to both strategy games and RPG's and I'm looking for a little bit of a crossover. [This is my Steam Profile](http:// to give you an idea of what i've been playing lately. In addition to these games I've put a lot of time into Dwarf Fortress and Minecraft on the PC and a lot of Xbox games. Some strategy type games I like are 4X games like Civ, the Total war games, Crusader Kings 2, and management based games like Football Manager. In terms of RPG's there are too many to list them all but I tend to favor ones that aren't button smashers and have more tactical or unique combat systems. I don't care if I am in charge of characters or armies. Thanks in advance.
[total war, civ]	I've been looking for a new game for a few days now and I can't seem to find what I'm looking for. I'm on PC and I love CiV because of the one unit per tile rule so Civ IV isn't really an option.   I tried out the Crusader Kings II demo on Steam but it's way too involved for me compared to CiV. I also tried XCOM and Warlock.   I'd also be fine with a new FPS but after trying a ton of new ones like the Crysis 3 beta, Planetside 2 and countless others I just can't get a grasp on a new game.  Listing any type of game that you enjoy would be awesome as I'm open to any game. I'm mainly looking for a game that's fun to play alone as I already have my staple multiplayer games (COD, BF3, PoE, Borderlands 2) to play with friends.   I like games that are replayable but in the sense of CiV where you can try out different strategies every time. Or like Call of Duty where you keep playing to rank up and unlock new items. Basically I like having unlocks, ranks, etc for my FPS so not like CS or TF2.  Thanks in advance, I'm in dire need of a new game!
[resident evil 4, s.t.a.l.k.e.r., s.t.a.l.k.e.r., silent hill, silent hill, silent hill, metro 2033, rpg maker, scp-087-b, bioshock, oni, oni]	**NO, AMNESIA IS NOT SCARY FOR ME, NEITHER IS SLENDER**  Games I liked:  - Vampire The Masquerade(Ocean House Hotel... Oh my...)  - Condemned: Criminal Origins(Had me physically shake when turning my back to dark corridors in game)  - Alan Wake(Not very scary, but very interesting and atmosphere was second to none there)  - Penumbra series(They desensitized me to Amnesia cheap "scares" back when it was still new and cool)  I've tried Silent Hill, but never "got" it, it was more weird and stupid than scary.  I don't mind some jump scares, but I don't think I'll stomach something what scares you will very limited ammunition.  Was thinking about Resident Evil 4. Played 5 and liked it, but it was hardly scary.
[physics sandbox, stronghold 2, my friends, my friends, to the top, this game, starcraft, star wars, portal 2, magicka, game on, endgame, civ]	I'm a 20 year old female who knows next to nothing about games, however my SO is very into them, so I was hoping to find some games that may interest me that we could try together (downloadable online preferabbly).  I have found that I enjoy tactical games or games based upon performing quests, involving or not involving magic. I do not mind them being based upon known books or films, unless the story is crap obviously. I think I would struggle to enjoy any shooter games, but some aspect of it is okay. I'm not quite sure what else to add as my lack of knowledge about games means that I do not know what I really need to narrow down to get suggestions, so if you have any questions, please ask.  I'm just hoping that someone may be able to give me a few suggestions or help me to find a way to discover games that I may enjoy. Thank you in advance!
[time management, the sims, the sims, turn it]	I'm quite busy but I do enjoy a game here and then. To make gaming less of a guilty experience, I'm looking for a (preferably multiplayer) game with low system requirements that'll teach me real world knowledge. By 'real world knowledge' I mean anything that is a fact about our world or may contribute productively in the future.  Examples:  *Civilization games are great for learning history  *Dayz for the (very) basic survival experience  *Age of Empires/Mythology for progression of technology and mythology  *ARMA for learning how to communicate with discipline   *Flight Simulator for learning how to fly (and obliterate) an airplane  *Company of Heroes for learning military tactics and strategy  *etc  I know I'm stretching a bit with some of the games above but learning something is better than nothing! 
[tera]	Title is pretty much what I'm looking for. I'm trying to steer some friends away from WoW because I've never played and don't want to devote all that time and money to a lonesome and grinding leveling experience. I'm looking something different than the generic WoW clone, though. I've played LotRO, SWTOR, WAR, and LoL amongst other popular mmo-type games. I really enjoyed the scenario PvP experience in SWTOR and WAR, but unfortunately WAR doesn't allow you to progress passed 10 and SWTOR limits PvP and endgame. 
[system shock 2]	Pardon my english,  I just played, finished and loved the first bioshock recently, and obviously I'm getting the others.  Anyway, besides the incredible design, one thing that I really really enjoyed was the plasmids. Being able to create a fighting strategy using various different powers was amazing. Every plasmid was so unique, dynamic and fun. I want to know if there's a game with something alike.   FYI, I'm **not** looking for stuff like Skyrim, every magic in Skyrim was basically the same/extremely boring. I'm looking for something dynamic like Bioshock. Electricity+water attack, bees searching for enemies, rage making enemies fight each other, traps that throw enemies up, using telekinesis to play with the scenario and interactive stuff like that.  Keep in mind that, like you, I probably know every popular game out there. So please, no comments like *"there's this game called half life.."*. Also, I already tried System Shock 2, js.  Thanks in advance.    **edit**: incredible how I got many downvotes in the comments, people are incredibly unpolite. Thanks for the help anyway.
[super meat boy, dark souls, fuck you, fuck you]	I'm looking for some games to scratch the itch of "fuck you, you die"-style adventure games. Some stuff in that vein:  Waxworks: http://  The Immortal: https://  Heart of Darkness: https://  Space Quest IV (whole series applicable): https://  King's Quest (whole series applicable): https://  Uninvited: https://   Know of some others?
[darksiders]	I've recently played through DMC4 for the fifth or sixth time, and I'm currently going back through DMC3, but I'm looking for a similar, yet new, experience on PC. I know I can buy the new one but given the criticisms of the combat I'm not sure I want to get it until a sale.  It can either be a PC game or something I can easily emulate.   I have Bayonetta on 360 and don't feel like something slower paced like the God of War series. I know that makes my options somewhat limited, but that's why I'm here. Failing this I think I'll just suck it up and get DmC.
[roguelike]	This question is a bit awkward to ask, but I'm currently enthralled with a relatively uncommon storytelling method in gaming, something I like to refer to as the "poetic narrative".  In these games, you aren't told everything right off the bat. Hell, you are hardly told ANYTHING. These narratives are usually found in games such as Demon's Souls, Dark Souls, and, to a lesser extent, the Legend of Zelda Series. There is a large, expansive universe in said games, yet your only clues about the world, the inhabitants of the world, and even your own motives are only unveiled through careful searching, making exploration and attention to details important.   I am craving a similar experience, relatively regardless of genre.   **TL;DR Games that tell a story through indirect means, like the Souls Series and (sort of) The Legend of Zelda series.**
[assassin's creed]	Here is a [link](http:// to the original post if anyone wants it.  Hey there I've been away from gaming for some time and have been looking for something fun to get back into. I was hoping you guys could make some suggestions.  I'm more of a retro gamer but there are plenty of good modern games too. I have most of the older consoles. I like platformers (3d more than 2d but both are good), on rail shooters, puzzle games, racing games, point and click adventures. Not a fan of fps or rpg games though, couldn't even get into beginner ones like pokemon or super mario rpg.  Here's a short list of some of my favorite games, hopefully it can help jog some suggestions. The Portal games, The psx Spyro games, Rez(dc), Rayman 2, Snatcher(scd), the Adventures of Lolo games (nes), the first 2 Starfox games, the Ratchet and Clank games, Sam and Max, Road Rash, the Sonic and Mario games (in that order). I'd have to look at my collection to think of more but this should be a good start.  So what do ya got for me? It can be anything from the 2600 to today.  A couple of additions to the post from yesterday. I prefer console games, not downloadable titles (I like having a physical copy), and a length of about 10-15 hours. A little shorter or longer is ok, but this is my sweet spot.  
[the walking dead]	Like the title say. I am looking for a game with a great story. Ofc the gameplay matters aswell but the story is what makes a game for me. I have already played:Mass Effect series, farcry 3, gta games, Batman arkham asylum/city, skyrim, oblivion, fallout 3/NV, LA Noire,All Assassin's creed games. I loved the mass effect series becouse they make the characters and the world really interesting something i think bethesda games really lack, they create a great atmospher but dont make the characters interesting. I am just about to start playing uncharted 2, loved the first and im gonna finish out the series but i want some backup games. Any suggestions is appreciated.   Preferably not to old games.
[minecraft]	I am looking for recommendations for games i could play with my GF. We both enjoy gaming a lot, but sadly we can find almost no games we both enjoy.  Her Top 3:  Skyrim - Which i enjoyed for one run and sadly it's not multiplayer, otherwise this would be something :)  WoW - Needs to much time for my taste. We both played it for years, but i stopped last year, since it felt to grindy.  Fallout (3/New Vegas) - Also awesome, also no Multiplayer :(  She doesn't like highly competitive gaming (like LoL) and enjoys character development (leveling, item hunt, etc) and RPGs.   I, on the other side, enjoy games that are constantly stimulating. LoL, Shooter, D3, Civ. Games were i can't just turn brainafk and still play successfully.  D3 would be a good game if it had any content that _needs_ you to grind all that gear.  So do you know any games that have:   - Character development   - High Content    - constant stimulation
[this game]	I have been playing World of Tanks for a long time and have been very active in Clan Wars. Now it's down and wargaming is adding things that ruin CW.  So I need a new game to play with my friends. Need to be MMO with action but not to fast and good PvP. We are looking on Planetside 2 but it might be to fast. We like games where you have to aim an extra second and make more strategy decisions. I have played Eve before and it is good except it can take to long to get a good fight.  We have already looked at Guildwars 2 and we do not like it.  All suggestions is welcome.
[dwarf fortress]	I love city-building games, and sometimes it feels like I've played every city-building game in existence. I was really interested in Towns, but was eventually put off by the slow pace and bugginess; despite me giving it a lot more leeway due to it being a beta, I still thought it was way too unfinished to be selling on Steam already. So I'm wondering if there's any games like it that are actually somewhat finished and playable?  By which I mean, building cities/towns with a reasonable degree of micro-management (I like that in Towns I get to build the entire building from the ground up), and that don't have much in the way of combat or military actions?   Games I've played include:  * [Sierra's City Building Series](http:// * The Settlers Series * SimCity * Anno * Evil Genius * Tropico * Dungeon Keeper * Dwarf Fortress * Theme Hospital (and other Bullfrog games) * Patrician  I'm kind of looking for a game that is a mix of Don't Starve and Towns. Does it exist?
[hitman]	I've just finished watching playthroughs for all 4 main Metal Gear Solid games and was blown away by the storytelling, characters and gameplay. I would love to play games like these with intricate plots and characters but where the shooting mechanic makes use of the precision of the keyboard and mouse. Does anyone have any recommendations?  For reference, I've played a few 3rd person shooters like Spec Ops, Binary Domain and Mass Effect and liked them a lot. As far as Stealth goes I was a huge fan of Deus Ex and DS:HR but really did not care for Dishonored. Is there anything out there for the PC that is close to Tactical Espionage Action?  Update: It looks like Splinter Cell, Alpha Protocol, Hitman: Bloodmoney and Chronicles of Riddick are the way to go. I'll be giving Mark of the Ninja another try, too. I tried it out when I picked up an XBox controller for my PC and never came back to it, but there is a crazy amount of good press for it. Thanks everybody for your answers!
[dungeon crawl]	I have quite a lot of long pauses between classes at school, and I can't play online. Also, my bandwidth (at home) is always kinda full because of the steam sales (I always download them on my desktop) and going over the limit cost a shitload of money.   So, I'm looking for small-ish games (anywhere between  to  would be nice!), that can be played offline. I don't mind the genre but Point&amp;Click, Strategy, RPGs and any other games that can be played comfortably at school is a plus. I also don't mind the graphics (I want a small game after all), but my laptop can run pretty much anything. Older games are acceptable!   I'm an avid gamer and enjoy pretty much everything, from indie to AAA. I'm just looking for suggestion on games I might have missed since I don't usually look specifically for this type of game.   *Thank you!*
[ive]	Hey there. I recently sunk about 110 hours into Dark Souls and the luster is finally starting to fade away. I'm looking for games (not necessarily like Dark Souls gameplay-wise) that will draw me in and keep me captivated for long amounts of time. In the past I've enjoyed mostly FPS games with an emphasis on open world and/or customization; a couple of my favorite games (besides Dark Souls) are Garry's Mod, Arkham City, and Penumbra: Overture. Mostly looking for PC games because I don't have any up-to-date consoles but I am open to any suggestions for Wii, PS2, or even N64.  [Here](http:// is my Steam playtime list if that helps you out at all.   Thanks so much in advance!
[just cause]	[Heres the link to my steam library](http:// Which games that I haven't touched or have played very little of should I make an effort to play? If you could let me know what other games you like so that if I enjoy the suggestion I can check out similar games too that'd be great :) Note: I've beat AC: Brotherhood, and DOOM 1 &amp; 2, Battlefront 2 even though they dont say.  EDIT: Thanks for the suggestions guys. Ive put together a queue I'm gonna try out, hopefully some of them become fav's :)
[grand prix story, gran turismo 5, gt5, gt5, gt5]	Hello folks.  I'm looking for what you might call a unique racing game.  I typically only play racers or online flash games, because FPS games give me motion sickness headaches and that sucks.  Anywho, I'm looking for a racing game where you start at the bottom and work your way up.  You either drive for your own 'team' with junk equipment and finishing near the bottom of the field, or you drive for another team with junk.  As you get money, you upgrade your car and your team, until you're running up front and winning races.  The closest game I can think of this is NASCAR '06: Total Team Control.  I'd also like it if you could own a team, or your own team and manage finances, R&amp;D, etc., preferably for PC.  I only own a PC and a 360.  I've played GRiD which was fun, but it wasn't exactly what I was looking for as far as the team aspect, and upgrading vehicles.  I also own F1 2010, which is another good one, and very similar to what I'm looking for.  It doesn't necessarily have to be NASCAR-style games, but just as long as it's fun and it has the majority of the features listed above.  Thanks for any suggestions!
[aoe2]	I recently thought it might be fun to play AOE II after so many years with my friend over LAN, and boy it was awesome. I really like the aspect of building your own kingdom/town, the way you can use terrain to your advantage (like, bringing in some soldiers over sea from the back while attacking the front gate over land, or forcing the opponent to go through a narrow passage). However, the game is seriously showing it's age though, limitations everywhere (max 200 population with only about 20 you can have selected at the same time?), controls are clumsy...  So, what might I enjoy? Thanks!
[project zomboid]	Im looking for a game with no real set goals, but maybe like a sandbox style. For example, go into buildings and look for items and maybe board up windows and just try to survive. I would also hope for "realisticness" like water and food is required and you can die if you dont find these. I hope for endless or near endless gameplay, unlike Dead Rising 2 (complete game in set time or you fail and whatnot).  TL;DR I do not want Killing Floor, Dead Rising 2 or any of the L4D's, but more of a endless sandbox game that focuses on realistic aspects, aside from the fact that zombies are fictional.  I could handle mods however.  Thanks for reading, and i hope to hear back from you!  Edit: I found that Dead Rising 2: Off The Record has a sandbox mode. So this may be acceptable, but will it run ok on a 13" 2012 macbook pro? ( ghz, Quad Core, 4gb of ram, Intel HD Graphics 4000, (i will add more specs if needed))
[ratchet and clank, metal gear solid, jak and daxter]	I bought myself a used PS3 on ebay, and I'm looking to buy games for it. If a multiplatform has already been on the PC, then I've probably already played it. If it's console exclusive, then I haven't. I don't have much interest in console FPS, but I like action adventure games, platformers, JRPGs, and similar stuff. The thing I like the most though is a good story.   I'm also looking for import suggestions because import recommendations are a lot harder to find than recommendations for stuff released in NA. I'm currently learning the Japanese language, so I'm okay with stuff that's only in Japanese.  Currently I have Bayonetta, Valkyria Chronicles, FF13/13-2, and Persona 4 Arena.
[day z mod, arma ii]	Tell me, if it take 1 second to prepare a fire bolt that does 53 damage and it takes 1 second to draw a bow and arrow that deals 55 damage how have you done anything different?   I really hope that if there's a game that when I throw an explosive ball of fire at someones foot, that their foot works a little worse than their hand that was entirely undamaged. Or if I get an arrow in your knee you run a lot slower. Take a dagger and stab your lungs a couple times it should be kinda hard for you to breathe/have stamina. Take a bullet to the elbow suddenly your accuracy goes way down.  I've tried Red Orchestra 2 and I was rather disappointed by the single player and I wasn't very adept at multiplayer.
[persona 4 golden, persona 3 fes]	I attempted to find an answer via search, but it didn't lead to much luck. I've been looking for games similar to Persona 3/Persona 4 for a while now - an RPG with social interaction/dating sim-esque elements. That type of element is particularly important. Does anyone have any suggestions? I have a 3DS, Vita, PSP, PS2, PS3, Xbox 360, Wii, and PC, so platform isn't a major issue.  Suggestions so far:  * Thousand Arms  * Sakura Wars: So long, my love  * Growlanser series  * Record of Argarest War  * Ar tonelico
[thomas was alone]	As mentioned in the title, I'm predominantly a PC player. I don't have regular access to consoles or handheld games.  Games Played and Generally Finished With:  * Mass Effects Series (Very disappointed with Mass Effect 3) * Elder Scrolls Morrowind, Oblivion, Skyrim (Close to 400 hours each with mods) * Fallout Series (Modded FO3 and New Vegas for A While) * Dragon Age 1 with expansions &amp; 2 (I knew I shouldn't have bought Dragon Age 2) * Fable Series  * The Witcher 1 &amp; 2 (Gotten all the endings for Witcher 2) * Saints Row 1, 2, and 3 * Mount and Blade Series (Modded Warband the most) * Half Life 1 &amp; 2 and Episodes * Rome, Medieval 2, Empire, and Shogun 2 Total War (Not so much a story, but the immersion is good enough) * Civ 3, 4, and 5 (Same as above) * Grand Theft Auto 3, Vice City, San Andreas, and 4 with it's expansions * Metro 2033 * Darksiders 1 * All the Hitman games except Absolution * Dead Space 1 &amp; 2 * Bioshock 1 &amp; 2 * Sleeping Dogs (Was a nice change of scenery for a while) * Deus Ex Series *  series (Didn't like too much, hardware issues) * The Sims 2 and Expansions (Immersion!) * Red Faction Series * Borderlands 1 &amp; 2 * Crysis 1 &amp; 2 (Crysis 1 was meh, Crysis 2 was blegh) * Far Cry 1 &amp; 2 * Call of Duty series (Disappointed with MW3 and BL2 direction of gameplay and story) * Spec Ops the Line * Dead Island (Hardware issues and was disappointing) * Dead Rising 1, 2, and Off the Record * Final Fantasy 10, 12, and 13 (On PS2 and PS3 of course) * Guild Wars 1 * Star Ocean Til the End of Time * Starcraft and Brood War * Warcraft 3  What I Am Looking Into/For Now:   * Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic * Dark Souls * Games with good immersion and story  Will Not Buy:  Games published by EA due to a personal boycott of the Mass Effect 3 story direction as well as their general business practices (See what happened to Dragon Age 2 and the current strategy with the Sims 3 and Battlefield 3).  Thanks for your help!   I don't own all the games, I borrowed, stayed over, traded, and it helps that I generally have plenty of free time for the entirety of June to August. 
[trine 2]	EDIT: Only looking for PC titles! Sorry, should have specified.  I was wondering if there were any sidescrollers with Limbo-style graphics (I don't mean monochrome silhouettes, but those are ok too - just mean the same level of detail Limbo had) and where the background is more than just a backdrop/setting? Where there's a lot of action constantly going on the background (perhaps as a way of telling the story) - moving objects/animals/robots/monsters/etc or the like - as well as the foreground?  It's not something I've ever seen before (Limbo had some, but not to the level I'm talking about) but I've always dreamed of a game like  anyone know if any games like this exist (preferably with a dark/epic theme)? Thanks!  EDIT: You know how the Spider in Limbo becomes part of the backdrop and crawls up the tree after you defeat it the first time? It's awesome stuff like that that I'm talking about. :)
[the witcher 2, the witcher 2, deus ex]	I'm looking for good games that are preferably on the higher end of things graphics-wise as I have the hardware to run most anything. I would love to play something incredibly plot intensive (Got excited about Ni No Kuni only to find out it's only on  or something sandbox-ish (I've played Skyrim and Far Cry and Fall Out and Borderlands already). Does anyone know of some epic MMO's that aren't WoW?  In regards to both I'm more specifically interested in games that aren't as well known or haven't been mentioned and beaten to death on this sub-reddit.  EDIT: Forgot to mention the genre *duh* lol. I have a huge penchant for fantasy element games. The more magical or alien the setting the better! (And I HATE real-time strategy, top down view, puzzle, or side-scroller games with a passion sorry)
[the binding of isaac , prison architect, hotline miami, cave story]	With a stressful job, I'd love to be able to come home and unwind with an enjoyable game. But I'm seriously ten years behind, and I was never that hardcore to begin with, so I don't know what I'm doing. I don't have any friends into video games whatsoever. What games are out now? I only have a Wii and a PC, so that narrows it down.  As far as taste in games, I was absolutely obsessed with Final Fantasy (7, 8, and 9), which I would still say are my favorites. But I loved a good jaunt on Tomb Raider, Kingdom Hearts, and I couldn't stop myself from spending hours playing Crash Team Racing, Mario Kart, and Roller Coaster Tycoon. Actually, those are the only games I ever played. Do you have any recommendations for little old me?   Thanks in advance! (x-posted /r/gamer) 
[heavy rain, heavy rain]	It seems like every time this question is asked, the asker's main console is a PC. I don't have a gamming PC though, I have a very out of date, low end computer that's barley able to play even flash games :(. I do have though, A PS3, a XBOX360, a PS Vita, and a PSP with custom firmware ;). I'm looking for a game that is fun to play, has at least a VERY good storyline to it, at the same time though, have very high replay value.   All the games I have (that are in my room anyways) are;  * The Walking Dead * The MGS series (2-4) * Infamous 1 and 2 * Mortal Kombat * Playstation all stars * Gravity Rush * All of the CODs (excluding BO2) * Star wars the force Unleashed (1 and 2) * Halo 4 and Reach * Left 4 Dead 1 * Skyrim and Oblivion * Fallout 3 and New Vagas * XCOM * All of the Assassins Creeds * Hitman: Absolution * Max Payne 3 * Borderlands 2 * GTA4 * Portal 2 * Twisted Metal * Battlefield 3 and Bad company 2 * And the batman Arkham asylum and City   Please list as many as you can. Thank you guys! :)
[path of exile, diablo]	Hello. I am looking for an MMO that truly gives the player something. By something I mean a true sense of accomplishment.   I played WoW a long time ago, and I remember that reaching the maximum level was actually a goal, finding epic items was actually epic, and generally the game was much less "convenience" oriented, where the leveling and finding items, or groups to play with is almost automated, which is what I feel wow is now and it's the reason why I quit.  I always liked diablo, but the auction house system ruins it for me. I tried SWTOR, LOTRO, but they don't have that special "feel" to it that I can only find in the older wow.  I occasionally play MOBAs and RTS, and while I enjoy them I am looking for an entire world to be immersed in, where relationships between people matter, where there is a character that develops with the player, and where the adventures are serious business.  I hope I explained myself well enough and that there are some people that understand what I mean, and that can make good suggestions.
[daxter]	I recently got a PS3 as a new gaming machine/streaming device, and I'm looking to get some games for it. Since I'm cinching back my spending on video games, I'm looking at older PS2 and PSX games, to save money. The rub here is that I have a really, *really* hard time getting into older games that either have an absolutely atrocious visual style or antiquated controls. An example of a game that I am currently playing and really enjoying a lot is Beyond Good &amp; Evil, and an example of an older game I just can't get into is a game like Metal Gear Solid 2 (although I enjoy MGS 4--I know, that's weird, but it's the way it is with me). I'm a big fan of non-grindy RPGs, shooters, action/adventure games, and similar styles. I just bought Psychonauts, and I'm thinking of getting XIII at some point (just for fun). I'm also thinking of picking up Star Wars: Bounty Hunter (an old favorite of mine) and Okami (probably the HD version). Some day, I'll probably also get Vice City, another one of my old favorites. Any other suggestions would be welcome. 
[temple of elemental evil, escape velocity nova, jagged alliance 2, fallout tactics, star control, starflight]	I'm in the mood for a Starflight/Star Control 2 game but the industry does not seem to be in the mood for me.  The closest to a modern equivalent I've found is Mass Effect, but I'm not crazy about the 3rd person shooter aspect of it.  I know about the remakes, and fan made projects but was hoping for something that didn't play like a retro game. X3 and Galactic Civilizations II seem to involve more micro managing of fleets and colonies than I'd rather be involved with. So if the kind of spacefaring game I'm looking for does not exist, could someone suggest another unusual single player RPG type game for PC, 5-10 years old or less?  EDIT:  Thank you for the suggestions! 
[team fortress 2, bulletstorm, serious sam]	I bought a pretty capable gaming PC a few years back but I find that modern gaming trends kind of baffle me and I'm not really putting it to its full graphic potential. I have a tendency towards older titles. I am looking for a modern(ish) first person shooter that looks all purdy that I'll find fun.  My favourite first person shooters are Duke Nukem 3D, Doom, Blood, Shadow Warrior, Quake,  and their ilk.  I like being able to carry as many stupid weapons as I like, I like not having to deal with some lame bullshit story (Half-Life 2, Halo etc) and I like the gameplay to be more arcade like and based around fun to explore, and ideally non linear levels. Modernish fps games that have sort of tickled my interest are the first Painkiller game and the Serious Sam games. Anything else that you think might be up my alley?
[minecraft, star wars]	Hey guys! My girlfriend's daughter has recently taken to watching me play Minecraft and has been begging me to teach her how to play. Problem is, she's six and I'm thinking the massive amounts of recipes you have to memorize for Minecraft might be an impediment (not to mention I'm a relatively impatient teacher WRT to video games).  So does anyone have any good suggestions for games that kids can play that aren't pieces of licensed shit (and that I wouldn't mind playing with her)? Preferences:  * It'd be great if it was on Steam, but that's not a necessity. * Cheapish. Don't want to spend a bunch of money on a game she may not even get into. * Relatively simple control scheme, not a lot of memorization necessary. I need something easy to start her off.   You guys are usually pretty awesome, so I'm hoping y'all can sort me out. Thanks in advance :)  Edit: I've already got a huge-ass Popcap bundle that she enjoys, so I'm looking for something other than puzzle games, preferably (though if there are good ones that aren't Popcap and are still kid-friendly, I'll still consider it).
[metro 2033]	For a few years now I've noticed for some reason I really enjoy corridor shooters, esp. ones that explore the gritty "underground" part of cities. Games which stand out to me would be Doom 3 (especially), the  series, Condemned series, and more recently Dishonored. And although not outright, I noticed Deus Ex: Human Revolution and Crysis 2 (the New York parts) gave me this vibe.   Any suggestions for games like these would be great, but I'm also wondering if anybody can even relate to this, no friends I discuss this with seem to get what I mean. Thanks in advance guys!
[cave story, cave story]	He is someone who enjoys video games. Two of his favorite right now are Dota 2 and World of Tanks, and I know he also enjoyed Cave Story+. He is using a fairly low power laptop in terms of gaming (Toshiba Portege M780, i5 processor, ~4GB of RAM, Intel Media Accelerator HD Graphics).  I am looking to get a game (preferably from Steam or redeemable through Steam) that he will both be able to run on his laptop, that he will enjoy, and is not too expensive. I have considered Orcs Must Die as a possibility.  Any other suggestions?
[runescape]	My friends and I have been looking for a game to play. It's usually 3 of us that play together. We used to play WoW for years. Basically looking for something that we can put a lot of time into. We've played a mix of different games in the past.. stuff like WoW, maplestory, CS (currently play some CS:GO), Tribes, TF2, dota. To be honest I don't really know what I'm looking for.. just any suggestions on multiplayer games right now.   Stuff we've looked at but hasn't really interested us- GW2, EVE, Planetside, LoL, and recently PoE.
[east india company, east india company, port royale, port royale, port royale]	I had a dream last night that I was playing a game where I played as a 13th-17th century merchant in Europe traveling from city to city in a giant world selling goods, and prices would fluctuate depending on the region and time of the year ( armor costed more during times of war, wheat prices were highest in regions where it was near impossible to grow, etc). I'm betting it mostly has to do with the fact that I was watching Spice and Wolf, an anime that focuses heavily on trading, but its gotten me curious about trading games. Do you have any suggestions, preferably something that involves an open world with traveling, or anything similar to what my dream was like?  edit: Thank you everyone for taking time out of your hands for suggestions! I have a huge list of games I have to go through now.
[my friends, break down]	So yesterday we finally hear the announcement that Sony will be releasing the PS4 on the holidays of 2013. I'm fairly excited for it, but I've been hearing that the system will not be able to play PS3 games. I finally saved enough money to buy a PS3 but i held off on it expecting that the next gen would be backwards compatible so I'm not exactly sure what to do. I hear that there will be a powerful cloud program that will stream psx, ps2, and ps3 games but i don't know what games will be provided. Will it have lesser known games that I've always wanted to play like the .hack series or the new tales of games; or future releases exclusive to the ps3. so i feel know i have a few options:  A)  wait for the PS4 and hope it will stream games that i like (mainly jrpgs and rpgs)  B) buy the 1st PS3 model, the one that can play ps2 and psx games. forgot to mention that there are a ton of ps2 games that i missed out on and wish to play. And wait for the new system  C) take the expensive route and buy both used playstation 2 and the newer playstation 3. and wait for the new system  D) xbox?  Which do you think is best
[the binding of isaac, dungeons of dredmor, they bleed pixels, mark of the ninja, and yet it moves, hotline miami]	I've been really struggling to find new games to play recently. I've played a **lot** of games, and nothing seems to be grabbing hold of me.  Some of my favourite games: All Bethesda style RPGs (The Elder Scrolls, Fallout), most other RPGs (Torment, BG, KotOR, Mass Effect, The Witcher...), football games like FIFA and Football Manager, most other decent games - Half-Life 2, Deus Ex, Civilization IV, STALKER, GTA, The Walking Dead.  The thing I'm worried about is that everything that's going to get recommended I would have already played, or at least tried and not liked.  Fire away!
[the witcher, dark souls, metro 2033]	So I have an issue that quite a few of us have who use Steam.  Too many games due to steam sales.  So I looked at my library, and below are the games that I feel like I want to conquer, or at least play enough of it to feel like I've experienced enough of the game.  As for trying to let you guys have an idea of what I like so that you can give me advice, I liked action games, I recently finished DMC. I like stealth games, loved Mark of the Ninja, Deus Ex HR and tons of other stealth games.  I haven't played an RPG in forever.  I guess Deus Ex might count as an RPG and I've played about 20 hours of Skyrim but had to delete my save cuz the game got messed up on my old pc, and I haven't played a jrpg since I was in high school, I'm 27 years old right now so it was probably 10 years ago.  I've been wanting to get into The Witcher games but kinda intimidated by the amount of time I'll have to invest into it because I'm a busy man. I like games like Portal, QUBE, Antichamber, that's why I have The Ball on the list. I like FPS games, most recent one was Far Cry 3.  Preferably, I'd like to  play something short so that I can scratch that off my list, I don't want something that will take me an eternity to beat but I'm aware that most of these games on the list are long games.  Here are the games:   Darksiders, Darksiders 2, Condemned: Criminal Origins, Dead Rising 2: Off the Record, Viking: Battle for ASgard, LEGO Batman 2, Deadlight, The Ball, Breath of Death VII, Cthulhu Saves the World, The Last Remnant, Dark Souls,  Devine Cybermancy, Skryim, Fable 3, Fallout 2, Fallout 3 GOTY, STALKER Shadow of Chernobyl and the other 2 STALKER games, The Witcher, The Witcher 2, FEAR 2, Metro 2033, Hitman Bloodmoney  **Edit:** Thanks for the suggestions.  Looks like I'll start playing Metro 2033 and Breath of Death VII to get a couple games out of the way quickly. Then I'll skip The Witcher and start on The Witcher 2.  After that I'll see if I'm still in an RPG mood I'll go to Dark Souls.  Thanks everyone  who posted!
[the legend of zelda: a link to the past, super mario world, super mario kart, racing games, shadowrun]	As someone who never used consoles much (I've been a PC brat since the Decrepit Days of DOS), I get the feeling that I've missed out on some of the games reddit seems to uppity about, but not quite to the extent that I'd install emulators on my PC to try them out. Portable devices are another matter though. I recently came across SNES emulators for Android and thought about using them. I'd like to try a couple of games but I have no idea which ones. What games in the early console era do you feel should absolutely be experienced? I'm less of a platforming game guy (unless they're exceptionally good) nor do I feel twitch reaction games could be enjoyed on a touch screen much. So what do you suggest?
[guild wars 2]	I used to be a hardcore MMO player.   I loved tanking and instance grinding.   The MMO's that I've especially loved in the past were EQ, AO, DAoC, WoW and Rift.   Due to family commitments I haven't played MMO's in about 18 months and stopped keeping track of current releases and now I'm looking for something that offers a large amount of end game solo content so that I can drop out of the game at a moments notice to deal with my kid without feeling bad.  I still get periods where I can spend a few hours committed to groups (after my kid's asleep or when he's out).  Ideally I'd like something that offered genuine character progression end game through soloing pve content. I realise Rift started offering solo end game dungeons after I stopped playing but I have no idea if these are viable ways to progress.. I'd also quite like something completely fresh to play if that was an option instead.  Are there any MMO's currently out there that offer good party based mechanics as well as solo progression? Do any games other than Rift offer solo dungeons?
[star wars: the old republic]	Alright, I'm not usually a fan of non-linear RPGs but now I want to play one!   I'm looking for an RPG with good exploration possibilities. Furthermore I want the world to feel lively, I don't like generic NPCs, they should all be at least a litte special and I would love to explore the history of some of them.   I don't like if there's tons of generic loot but it's not a dealbreaker. Also I don't care about the length of the game, 5h is as good as 100h to me.   Finally it should be not too old. It doesn't have to be from last year but I'm not feeling retro right now. It should be playable on the current generation of consoles, handhelds or PC.  so reddit, do you know such a game?
[rainbow six]	Man, I love Far Cry 3. Sometimes I'm just liberating an outpost and all of a sudden I get this feeling that I have to go slow, craft the correct amount of syringes, make sure I have the right weapons equipped, and create the perfect ambush on my enemies. Everything in the outpost liberation sections are just so clean, that I can really examine the situation from every angle without worrying about anything getting too messy. I can tag all enemies to get a look at them anywhere they go, I can pick which angle of the situation is best for me, and I can even choose what types of syringes and weapons are the best for the job, while everything is just so easy to access.  Sometimes, I can lay out mines or C4 at one place to get rid of juggernaut enemies, while I take the others down with a silenced weapons. Sometimes my plans get so totally fucked up that I end up having to grab an ATV and ride the fuck out of there, or take down a chopper, either way it still feels awesome to know I had a plan going into it, and it went terribly wrong. It's sort of like feeling like I'm in some kind of movie where I have to take down bad guys, but my plans end up going completely upside-down.   I especially like how much preparation I can do for the outpost liberations. It's really fun to know that there's so many ways I can go about the situation. I can grenade/rocket launch this bitch, rig the entire place with explosives, sneak around like a fucking ninja, pull a Leeeeroooy with my assault rifle while I'm hopped up on a Sprint Burst syringe, or just snipe an animal cage and lower their defenses at first, and then move in for the kill.   The only problem is that the game kind of over-powers you with the large arsenal it provides you with, where you can access *fantastic* weapons for the cost of just looting a few of the MANY containers scattered across the island. That, and there's no New Game Plus, bummer.   So, in summary, I like this type of things a lot, and I'll summarize what I basically want in a game:  * Being able to **easily make grand plans in a tough game**, and **take my time doing so**, in order to execute them soon. **It doesn't matter if my plans have a chance of failing**, I'll just feel like a brave fool of a hero if they do, which is awesome.  * Having **a large arsenal of weaponry and upgrades** that I will have to choose wisely from, because **I can't just easily pull new weapons out of my ass**. (Maybe something a bit rogue-like?)  * Nothing too random, I want a **fairly accurate representation of what's to come** by what I see. **If** it has to be **randomized,** **I want to have a way to plan for all the possible things to come.**  Thanks for any answers in advance! :) 
[the witcher 2]	Just played Dark Souls for about 100h.  Feel like it isn't the same anymore and im looking for a new game to play. I like games with some depth. Shouldn't be to easy. I prefer a open world with a dark, atmospheric setting. The world and the game sould be a bit mysterious und hard to understand. Same goes for the game mechanics. I really liek if I have to figure out how the game and the mechanics work - what are the best items etc. It needs some complexitivity.  Genre should be RPG or Action (MMORPG is ok - just haven't so muc time i could invest) Setting fantasy or  something related.  Games I really like: Fallout series, Half Life, Elder Scrolls Series, Portal, Dark Souls.  Thank you in advance. Really looking forward to your suggestions!
[dungeon defenders, borderlands 2, killing floor, planetside 2, planetside 2, left 4 dead, this game, runescape, portal 2, play!]	Back when I actually had time, we used to play Halo and COD on our XBoxes- As he got older, he became so much better than me that I couldn't match the skill required for the clans he joined, so I stopped playing.    He moved off the console to his gaming rig, and finally talked me into getting a mid-range gaming laptop and installing Steam.  Okay- now what?  I've played games for a long time and still play when I can (XBox), but I don't have the time to get good at something like Command and Conquer, as much as I like that genre.  He can afford the time to master it, I can't- any ideas for a decent RTS / FPS that would be worth it with only 3-4 hours a week?   -Edit-  You guys are great- Every post was useful.  On the downside, I'm probably going to buy each and every one of these games, even though I know I won't have the time.  That's the irony of getting older- when you finally have the cash to purchase with impunity a lot of what you want, there's no time.  OTOH, getting a Thursday or Friday.... ahem... team-building event rolling with the guys that work for me (I run a software development dept.) might not be a bad idea.  Kicking the boss's ass in a game might start the weekend off right, and I might build the skills to keep up with my son.  -Thanks- 
[dark messiah of might and magic, deus ex: human revolution, s.t.a.l.k.e.r., mirror's edge, arx fatalis, fuck you, game on, game on]	Not really a PC gamer at all, but my latest laptop seems to be able to handle more than I expected. I think my CPU is letting me down (intel core i73610qm  but my graphics card seems pretty decent (nvidia gefore gt 650m, 2gb). Playing The Witcher 2 and am loving it. Recently finished Hotline Miami, enjoyed that a bunch. I have Amnesia, and probably will play that after The Witcher 2.   So, what other single player exclusives are there that I've missed out on this past generation? My main console is PS3, so I've already played a lot of the big titles this generation. If it helps, some of my favourite recentish games are; Demon's/Dark Souls, XCOM: EU, Rayman: Origins, Briad, Portal [2], Castlevania: OoE (DS), Kingdom Hearts: BBS (PSP). I'm also a sucker for more cinematic orientated games that feature great pacing like Uncharted 2 and God of War II. I haven't played every single major game on the consoles, so feel free to recommend multiplatform games that are just vastly superior to their console counterparts.   I'm not after RTS games, tower defense, or top down action/RPG dungeon crawler type things in vein of Diablo. I'm not interested in Bioware titles (Mass Effect, Dragon Age) or Bethesda titles (Elder Scrolls, Fallout). I normally do not value story too much in a game, and *wouldn't* like to play a game 'just for the story'; I want great gameplay, level design, etc.  I would prefer it wasn't a low budget, 2D indie game - but if it's a must play I'll definitely give it a shot. **I would really prefer controller support too!** I think the main reason I avoided playing anything on my laptop for so long is that I'm really bad with keyboard+mouse.  Thanks.
[mass effect trilogy, think twice, bioshock, bioshock, deus ex, deus ex]	I don't have time for long, meandering, grinding games. I considered Dark Souls, but when I heard it is a dungeon crawler I dismissed it for perhaps being too much of a game, rather than a story or artistic experience.  I'm interested in Hitman: Absolution. I've never played a Hitman game, but the segmentation of it into chapters is something I like, and the concept of Absolution is tantilizing. Is this game worth getting into?  What other suggestions of games do you have that are story driven and elevated to the realm of higher art?
[persona 4 golden, blazblue]	To my surprise I actually won a competition. I won a PS3 and a Vita. Now because I never saw myself buying a Vita I never really looked into the games, however I have downloaded a couple from PS+ just in case I ever got a Vita some how. So, I technically **already have Uncharted, Gravity Rush, WipEout and Lumines**. As a big fan of LBP, I'm planning on getting the Vita version too. Are there any other games that I may easily overlook that I should get?  To give you an idea of the games I like, I enjoy a variety but I do like my games to be accessible, not necessarily "casual" but simple and easy to pick up. Some of my favourite games on PS3 include LBP, Portal 2, Rayman Origins, Uncharted, Heavy Rain, The Walking Dead, Journey, Lego Batman 2.
[monster hunter 3 ultimate, kid icarus: uprising, etrian odyssey iv, game on]	I've always had a Nintendo DS and have recently bought a 3DS XL, so I'm really looking to play it. Unfortunately, I haven't played too many games for the DS or 3DS. I've been browsing  to try to find some games and I've come across a few. Would appreciate if you guys gave some input on these games and also provide me with some recommendations.  Thanks!     http://  http://  http://  http://
[kirby, nes]	They're 2 and 3, but very soon have a birthday coming up.  They're not that familiar with games (one of them can't say video and calls them "radio games" even) but they love watching Mario and such.  I'd like to get them more into gaming but I'm not sure where to start.  I've considered starting them at retro (so, NES, SNES, Genesis, N64, PS1, Dreamcast) and working their way more towards current-gen over time.  What are your suggestions?  I'm not limited by consoles either, my PC is capable of running anything I throw at it as well.
[the three kingdoms, war games, total war]	I still play romance of the three kingdoms 8 and 10 which were my favorites. I can make a new character and story line each game and I can choose to never do anything productive, or to be the evilest tyrant to ever terrorize China. Well.. I'm sure you get the idea at this point, are there any games I can get on Steam that can at least combine the same elements of large scale war, diplomacy, roleplaying, strategy, resource management... etc.. etc..  I would love to have games like this for my laptop so that I can play from anywhere! Without having to carry around my old ps2!! 
[fire emblem]	For some reason I decided to make a list of games that are, in a sense, perfect games. They are games I enjoyed so much that I've become permanently emotionally attached to them.  Here's an abridged version including only (relatively) recent games:    -Final Fantasy Tactics   -Jet Force Gemini   -Disgaea   -Tales of Symphonia   -Cave Story   -Jet Set Radio Future    Sadly, I haven't played a single game made after 2004 that I think deserves to be on the list.  I currently have access to an Xbox 360 and a Wii. Odds are that I haven't missed any amazing Xbox 360 games (unless obscurity kept them out of reach), but I stopped paying attention to Wii games about a year or two after it first came out.  Any suggestions for these two consoles that might fit the pattern of whatever happens to make a perfect game for me?
[supreme commander, dawn of war, trackmania, starcraft, diablo 3]	Hello, I'm planning a weekend game-a-thon with a friend who has been a heavy console gamer.  I would like to find some games that would give him experiences that are unique to the PC.  There will be 3 or 4 people playing, so co-op or multiplayer experiences would be the best. He is well versed in most console type games, so I'm really looking for PC-specific suggestions that can show off the fun of PC gaming. I've thought of Diablo 3/ Torchlight 2, and maybe something like Starcraft 2, but any other suggestions would be greatly appreciated.
[heroes of might and magic 3, total war]	I remember playing Cossacks for hours at a time. It's something to do with the graphics - detailed and immersive. Age of Empires was good but somehow not the same, and although I really like the Civilization series, those aren't quite right either. Is there anything like Cossacks, perhaps more complex? I want to get lost in the game.  Basically I'd like a strategy game where I can build settlements, develop a little world and maybe go to war from time to time. Don't know if I've explained this very well.  Meanwhile, hggnnostalgia:  [Cossacks - Back to War](http://,  [Age of Empires II](http://,  [Pharaoh - Cleopatra, Queen of the Nile](http://
[titan quest, sacred 2]	I've played and liked most PC games based on D&amp;D, a great number of strategy RPGs, some JRPGS, many action RPGs, and a lot of sandbox/open world/freeform RPGs.  I've exhausted Torchlight 2, and currently trying out Path of Exile.  I consider daunting complexity a feature! My ultimate game would have:  * Job classes like Final Fantasy Tactics and/or complex branching skill trees.  * Itemization somewhere between that game and Baldur's Gate 2 (in terms of variety, "cool", unique, upgrade-able magic weapons, etc.)  * Item customization magically merging systems from Diablo 2 or better clones, with Final Fantasy 7's Materia system.  * A large sandbox/open world like Elder Scrolls games to explore.  * Dark Souls -ish combat, possibly with good stealth gameplay.  What are some games that come anywhere near this description, even having just a couple of those elements, that I may not have played?  I have Steam and know there are huge number of games there that I have no knowledge of. I don't have any consoles newer than PS2/Xbox (not 360) but am open to old games for those consoles, or old PC games as well.
[xbox]	We are looking for games on the PC which are simple, but challenging. For example she would never be able to play civilization without asking me what to do every 10 seconds. She doesn't want to play any competetive games like Call of Duty or Battlefield, she could however get into some coop games but I prefer if she play on her own so she doesn't ask me all the time. Anyway, give me your ideas, not just indie games, I want her to play some AAA games as well  Edit: She does not speak very good english, so no games with a heavy story like The Walking Dead  Edit 2: As some people didn't notice, I am looking for PC games ONLY. however we do have an xbox controller for windows
[dungeon defenders]	I've recently quit playing RS after about 7 years, was fun but what I'm really looking for is a game where (item/boss) farming is incredibly important.  I've played WoW and the farming is pretty optional (I had more than enough gold and just did PvP/grinded PvP armor so I never really farmed per se) but I may have overlooked something in it.  Essentially, my dream game would be Borderlands that isn't dead on launch, has good endgame, and isn't so easily modded. The most fun I've ever had was farming bosses for better versions of a weapon I already had.   Thanks in advance. 
[walking dead, portal 2, hitman]	Hey fellows,  My wife is out competing with her young gymnastics this weekend, which leaves me with around 10 hours for gaming. I would want to play a game that I can finish this weekend, but the genre is not that important. The most important thing is that the story is good, and I will have a good time.   I do like to play a game that looks good, so a game from 1999 is not what I'm looking for, but you might be able to convince me otherwise.  I am not particularly fond of stealth, as in I'm really bad at it. Overall, I'm at not a very good gamer, so some hardcore precision jumping might not be for me either.  Last few games I have finished are:   Ni No Kuni (best game I have ever played, and haven't really played JRPGs before. Wow, just wow.)   Journey (better late than never, very beautiful experience) and   Transformers Fall of Cybertron (Nice long action"movie")  Can you help a gamebro out here? Thanks in advance.  Edit: thanks gamebros, I settled on heavy rain for this weekend. 
[guild wars 2, hard time, ffxiv]	I am looking for a very specific type of RPG games with online coop to try out. I am aware of many of the RPG games which exsist, but many of them have rubbish coop. Sorry I am incredibly picky, but I will include the specifics I am looking for.   Specifics: PC or 360  * No top downs (Diablo, Torchlight) * No tactics * No JRPGs * Fantasy (Sci-fi is sort of okay) * No FPS (like borderlands but Skyrim is fine) * Prefer non 8/16 bit (16 bit is okay) * No Fable type coop (where the coop isn't actually your character) * Character customization * No MMORPGs  It doesn't matter to me when the game has come out. Sorry there are so many specifics, but I am filling the tastes of two people combined.  EDIT: Thanks for the feedback.  
[neverwinter nights, kotor, nwn]	I just finished playing Knights of the Old Republic II and didn't feel like I got enough of the genre (maybe enough of that particular game, though). I have played all the obvious ones: KOTOR 1 and 2, Mass Effect 1,2, and 3, and Jade Empire. Obviously, I like the systems involved, but I mostly enjoy the stories and worlds.  Anything else out there similar that I could tear through?  Related question: SWTOR, how much of the MMO "Bring me 10" stuff do you have to do to get through the actual story arc? I don't know if I can really bring myself to play another theme-park MMO, but I might make an exception here.  Edit: Have also played DA:O, Baldur's Gate 1 and 2. 
[runescape, runescape, runescape]	I haven't played runescape in quite sometime, so I decided to log back on for some reason and I wasn't surprised to see it was COMPLETELY different. Still, I was disappointed. Is there any game that is like the older runescape (2008-2009 ish)? I liked the idea of grinding every skill to level them, etc. The combat was great... it was just an all around good game in my opinion.    edit: thanks for the quick replies to the classic runescape link. I am already back on it haha. does anyone know of a different game that slightly resembles it that you recommend?
[homeworld, homeworld]	As the title says. I don't care about the multiplayer. I just finished playing all of Company of Heroes' campaigns but my thirst for more has not yet been quenched. I was thinking about  it have a good singleplayer?  Games I have already played:  * Dawn of War I &amp; II * Company of Heroes + Opposing Fronts + Tales of Valor (so short, ugh) * Warcraft II &amp; III * Starcraft I &amp; II * World in Conflict + Soviet Assault  * Most of the Command &amp; Conquer series (yeah, even 4. Sigh.) * Battle for Middle Earth II * Age of Empires II * Sins of a Solare Empire: Rebellion (awesome, but no campaign ;_;) * Cossacks I &amp; II * Perimeter (a bit weird, but still fun) * Fate of the Dragon: The Three Reigns  Oh, also: no turn-based strategy. I don't like turns. I'm a man of action. Well, sort of.
[minecraft]	Hey,  I am looking for a PC game that fulfills the following:  1. Is Multiplayer, so my viewers and I can play together.  2. Is not very expensive, say $20 or less range.  3. Is not dependant on Steam or Origin. Maybe something from Good Old Games? Or something that can be easily found and bought online or in shops around the world.  4. Something that is relatively non-violent.  5. Something that has a great world we can sink ourselves into. My channel is focused on roleplay and storytelling.  6. Something the really encourages teamwork and group fun instead of combating us against one another.  I put it to the great minds here; what have you?  Edit: I know nothing about how to do a LAN party, but I am willing to learn if that is the answer.  Edit 2: It would be great if it worked for PC and MAC.  Edit 3: (Keep thinking of things): It would be great if it were scalable, meaning it could be played with 5 viewers or 20 without a hiccup.
[far cry 3]	I want a game, SP or MP co-op, where the AI really gives you a challenge, but not unfairly so. An example of this would be no "psychic" enemies that automatically know my location if only one of them has seen me. I also don't want a game that just makes itself more challenging by modifying some parameter. By this I mean no "hey, the AI started out with 100000 gold and you only started out with 500, good luck!" or "now the enemies do 5x the normal damage, but act the same!" kind of scenarios. To give you an idea of what I'm looking for, here are a few games that I thought had good AI:    -God of War  -Half-Life 2 -Company of Heroes  -Hitman: Absolution  -Bioshock  Thanks for the suggestions!
[dwarf fortress]	Hey, I am looking for a game where you build stuff. Either in micro or macro scale. I want the gameplay to be over the course of multiple days(10+ matches).  I was thinking a game like sim city or something like that where you can keep building and aim for perfection. I would love if it was a cheap game too, simply because I am poor.  Currently I am playing Civ5 and Sins of Solar Empire that fits into these category but they but lack the city management I am looking for.  All suggestions welcome. :)  [Edit: Replay value is really important]
[kingdoms of amalur: reckoning]	I'm looking for something that gives you a fun visceral action experience where you have direct control over the character's actions ( not turn-based, not "give this command, see this action played out") but also has a compelling narrative that sucks you in. Bonus if it lets you decide major plot elements ( Star Wars KoTOR, The Walking Dead, The Witcher) that affect how things go later on in the story. An example of what I'm looking for would be something like "Dishonored," where it has great fast-paced action while also telling a gripping story about the city it takes place in. 
[planescape: torment, xcom: enemy unknown, red dead redemption, fallout new vegas, the walking dead , mark of the ninja, plants vs zombies, tribes: ascend , team fortress 2, counter strike, counter strike, civilization v, borderlands 2, sleeping dogs, super hexagon, mass effect 3, path of exile, torchlight 2, torchlight 2, saints row 3, max payne 3, bejeweled 3, the tv show, dark souls, fallout 1 , fallout 2 , far cry 3, diablo 3, trine 2, dota 2, gta]	So for a hot second, its Spring Break. I don't have much time to play during the semester because i chose to take way too many classes, but for the week I am caught up on work, and free time awaits. I feel like its been so long I don't even know whats out there right now (except sim city because everyones talking about it. all the time. thanks, adam demamp). So if you had seven days to play something (Its fine if i don't finish it, as long as the play time is good) what would it be?  and pref PC, but i'll settle for xbox if its really worth it.   *add: thanks for all the suggestions, getting the feeling i might end up slacking off the last half of this semester, and its all because of reddit. stand proud. 
[shadow complex, metroid fusion, super metroid, xbox 360]	I'm currently playing Castlevania: Symphony of the Night and I'm having a blast, so naturally I want more! I'm relatively new to the Metroidvania genre except for some Metroid games I have played.  Seeing that Castlevania is a huge series and that there are probably other similar and great games outside of castlevania or metroid I have no idea what to play next, soo I hope for some suggestions! Which is the best or next best castlevania and which other games of this genre are great? (I don't like god of war though, so I'm not so sure about the newer 3D-castlevanias)  Bonus points if it can be played on a (Nintendo or Sony) handheld.
[into the deep]	The first and only Elder Scrolls game I have played is Skyrim. I have some spare cash lying around and was thinking of either putting it into Planetside 2 or buying Morrowind and Oblivion so I could understand more of the story and because people tell me they're kickass games.   Would you suggest both the games? Which one was more enjoyable? I hear that Oblivion has been released on the Skyrim engine so the graphics are near Skyrim quality. Is this true? I like playing old games but graphics do matter to me to an extent.
[scarface]	I'm looking for any sim games that are about crime and drugs. Used to play Dope Wars and Drug Wars Underworld. The whole thing in Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars where you got tips and had a variety of drugs to buy or sell was extremely addictive.  I know about the Gangsters series but that was more of a strategy series of games. There was also the dreadful Narc remake which was just action third person. There was one really interesting game called "Snow" for the original Xbox but it was cancelled before release which was a big shame as it looked to be heavily focused on crimes and drug trade.  Anyway, looking for any suggestions.
[recettear: an item shop's tale, only if]	So I tried that Euro Truck Simulator game, and it was boring as hell. Too much driving. I guess I should have expected it though, it's a truck simulator...  But there was some sort of business running aspect to it. Or at least, I think there was, I didn't get very far... Where I could buy new trucks and hire drivers to earn more money. And then buy new upgrades and stuff so my trucks run better, which will save me money in long run. Or that I could go up levels as I gained experience and put points into things to carry different stuff and earn more money. So you slowly get better and better as you earn more money to unlock new stuff.  Something like Harvest Moon too. You start off slow, but you slowly get better equipment to harvest things faster and earn more money. So if you buy that new shovel, you'll shovel things faster and earn more money... I don't really want to actually *do* stuff though. I just want to manage it!  So that all got me thinking that if I could play a game just like that, without the actual driving or farming, it'd be great. Are there any games that are like that? Doesn't have to be about any specific thing, it could be about anything! And preferably on PC, as well.  
[metro 2033]	it doesn't have to be dark, but I'd rather serious at least.  Some of my favorite games that I've played in this category:  1.  Mass Effect trilogy 2. Deus Ex: Human Revolution 3. Fallout 3/New Vegas 4. Infamous (sort-of counts in this category) 5. Bioshock 6. Half-Life series 7. Dead Space 1   Some favorite movies too, to help clarify the atmosphere part:  1. Blade Runner!! 2. Star Wars (yes 3. Star Trek        both) 4. Gattaca 5. iRobot  I really need some more of that great sci-fi mood. Any suggestions are appreciated!  
[the guild 2]	So I am looking for a game that puts you in either a first person or third person perspective and plays a lot like a RPG in some sort of way with city development aspect.  However the catch of the game should be that your actions can make a town/city, or several towns/cities grow through your contribution. The towns might grow lowly themselves, but if you help you can get them to grow a lot faster.  Plus would be if the world was of significant size.  A prime example of what I mean is Minecraft + Millenair mod. Currently this mod gives you the option to help build a town, defend it from raids, do a questline (unlocked through faction allegiance in certain towns) and even lead decision making in towns.  So I was wondering if there was a dedicated game out there for that purpose. I know of a game I had with these options but it was isometric and it was purely monster killing and raid defending, and once the small map was cleared you were done... (about 5 hours of gameplay worth)  Thanks in advance if you know of any games like this.
[frozen synapse]	Hi all.  Since moving to China I've found that playing my regular group of games (Borderlands, Company of Heroes, Team Fortress etc.) with friends back in the UK is just about impossible due to latency. With the arrival of the new Sim City I hoped that I'd finally have a decent game that I could play with friends back home without the need for a low ping, but with one of the worst launches ever I ended up cancelling my preorder and I'm going to wait it out to see if it's actually worth it once they sort their servers out.  I do, however, really like the idea of having a 'long-term' multiplayer game that I can play with friends, something that doesn't require low latency and something that we can just dip into now and again. Sim City would have been pretty much perfect if it weren't for all the derpiness going on there.  I have played and loved the Anno series of games, but never multiplayer. Same with Civilisation. Does anybody have any good advice or suggestions for games I can play with friends back home?
[to the moon, love story]	I've just gotten 100% on a game on my Mac called *Katawa Shoujo*. I personally thought the game was amazing. before I played said game I was just playing Halo 4 on Xbox Live. I loved the transition from a online action FPS game to a mellow love story game. So, while I'm in the mood for a love story game, before I seem not-so-fond of love stories anymore, what other games should I try? It doesn't have to be a JRPG or even an RPG. It just has to be a love story game with a great narrative. I'd prefer it not to be challenging because I am currently sick so I'm not really in the mood to put full effort into a game. But if the game is worth it then I guess it is okay if it's moderately challenging. Also, don't make it a turn based strategy game. I'm not much into those. I'm okay with it if it's a JRP, RPG, hell I'm okay with it even if it's a shooter. Just not turn based.   Just make it a fun-to-play love story game. 
[excellent games, the witcher 2, fallout 3]	I have $120 to spend on video games for my Xbox 360 and a list I want to work my way through, but I can't buy them all so I thought I'd ask you fine folk which ones will give me the most bang for my buck. So, out of the below, which games should I buy?  * Spec Ops: The Line - FUBAR Edition  * Sleeping Dogs  * Saints Row The Third - Full Package  * Witcher II: Assassin of Kings - Enhanced Edition  * Far Cry III  * Fallout III - GOTY Edition  * LA: Noire - Complete Edition  * Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance  * Arkham Asylum - GOTY Edition  * Arkham City - GOTY Edition  * Red Dead Redemption - GOTY Edition  * Mass Effect Trilogy  * Mirror's Edge  * Braid  * Super Meat Boy  * Tomb Raider  * BioShock Infinite (Preorder)  Thanks for all the feedback guys!
[nfl head coach, this game]	Like the title says, I'm looking for good sports simulation games in the same mold as Out of the Park Baseball (which I love) and Football Manager (which I'm mad I just missed the sale on Steam). The two sports I'm most interested in are NBA and college basketball. As for college basketball, I've found Draft Day Sports: College Basketball and found the demo to be fun, however I ran into some issues with bugs and constant crashing. If anyone has any suggestions for either of these two sports, or any others I'd be more than happy!
[path of exile, diablo, diablo, diablo]	So I know this is probably a weird request, but I am looking for an MMO with tons of [tradeable] gear variety, where it is possible to get the best armor without having to group up for a raid, preferably by saving up for it and buying it in the auction house. I also would like a WoW like combat system. I've played Runescape, Guild Wars, World of Warcraft, DC Universe Online, Tera, and Lord of the Rings online.  Preferably the game won't be subscription based but it isn't mandatory  Thank you for your time :)
[red dead redemption, xbox]	Linear games can be enthralling, and arena multiplayer is a blast, but there's a time and place for that.   I'm looking for a more open, self driven game. Something to replace Skyrim which was amazing but I've just done to death now. Single player is better, but multiplayer isn't a deal breaker. Flexible character creation is awesome, nearly a must-have. The Elder Scrolls series and the new Fallouts have been my favorite collection of games ever I think, but also along these lines have been WoW and the STALKER series.   I feel like there are a lot of amazing games that just take you through the story and that's it, which is fine, but because they can make bank off that, few developers want to invest the time and effort it takes to create a world actually worth just exploring for like 100+ hours. 
[ring of fire, guild wars 2, yahtzee, aoe]	Hello everyone, I'm looking for an MMO that I can play casually, maybe a few times a week for a couple hours here and there.  Never played an MMO before, only roleplaying games such as Elder Scrolls, KOTOR, and Fallout.   Loved them all, but I want a game with some actual human interaction other than my shooters I play.    I've tried EVE, honestly it seemed a little too much for me, didn't seem real fun and was very overwhelming. Am not interested in retrying.  I recently started The Old Republic doing free to play, and it seems ok, but am curious what better options there might be.  I'm ok with some grinding, but the less the better.  Don't care about price, but of course the less the better.    Ideally I'd like to find one where I can join an alliance and just have a good time, without doing too much repetitive stuff.  Thanks guys!
[rockstar]	I'm a student, and in a year I'll be graduating.  At my school, we have to do what's called a capstone project when we graduate, and that's basically a project that highlights what we've learned or something to basically present around the time we graduate.  Fellow students, professors, and employers from local business come by and look at what we have to present.  Since I'm graduating with a focus on video game development, my capstone project is going to be a game.  I'm inspired by the game Papo &amp; Yo for PSN.  I personally think it's a bad game, but it tells a really powerful message about alcohol destroying his family with an abusive father.  I want to make a game that shares a message about being bullied, because I remember being bullied a lot when I was a kid.  Does anyone know if there's any games about bullying that I can check out, basically so that I can study what those games do well/poorly and take notes on what I should do for my game.  If not a game on bullying, then a game in which it has a quest/mission that's related to bullying?  Any suggestions would help.
[katawa shoujo, walking dead, walking dead, ffx]	I have reached a point where multiplayer games aren't as fun for me as they once were; most of the time I can't cope with the hating communities and annoying kids, but most importantly I've come to realize that what I always wanted in gaming was an experience.   I've always been a big fan of books and movies, and game that ressemble those (Uncharted, Heavy Rain, Deus Ex, Morrowind, etc.) always sparked interest in me.   As the title says, I'm looking for a game with a good narrative, immersion, storyline or any kind of unexplainable depth.  I'm not looking for "indie" games such as Limbo or Bastion, even if I like them that's not what I'm looking for.  Edit: PC, PS3
[planescape: torment, super mario rpg, chrono trigger, final fantasy, final fantasy, baldur's gate, dungeon crawl, dragon quest, castlevania, diablo]	Hi, /r/gamingsuggestions.   I figured this was the right subreddit to ask, although I am fairly new to this whole reddit thing, so please forgive me if I'm in the wrong place.   I received my new Sony Vaio laptop today which I intend to use for school when September comes. It's a pretty decent computer, hardware wise, but I don't want to fill it up with large and resource heavy games. I don't really like playing games on laptops, but I'd still like some RPGs to play when I find time to relax.   Unfortunately, I don't have much to go on in terms of finding the right games. I've been a shooter nut in the past, but that's been on my desktop. Counter-Strike and so on. I'm looking for the small, simple kind of RPGs. I've played Terraria for quite a few hours and I've really enjoyed it. I doubt this is any helpful, but I'm open for suggestions.   So, /r/gamingsuggestions, do you have any RPGs that you think I should check out? I appreciate any input!
[playstation 2]	The facets of Monster Hunter that I really like:  - Have to learn bosses in order to fight them efficiently - Can't just hack-n-slash in combat, have to time when to swing, when it's safe to combo, and when to get out - Quests to hunt a big monster - Use a monster's parts to craft gear, then use that gear to fight bigger and badder monsters - Tons and tons of items and gear to make, and almost everything is crafted from parts you get by gathering or carving  I know very little about Dark Souls other than "it's really hard" and it's a third-person action RPG that involves leveling up, getting gear, and fighting big bosses. Are the things I like about Monster Hunter present in Dark Souls?  Couple things to add: if I got it, it'd be Prepare to Die Edition on PC, and I have a 360 controller I can use for it.  Also, would it just be better to wait for Dark Souls II? 
[team fortress 2, counter-strike, pick up, tf2]	I played StarWars Battlefront 2 since about it came out and went inactive about half a year ago. This was a game I played very much and only online, participating in funwars, gathers, etc. Since the community is more or less dying I'm now in dire need for a new first person shooter with a focus on multiplayer.  Yes, I know that there a lot of fps out there, with thriving communities, but i need a fps that can replace swbf2 for me. That means it shouldn't die out after two years like every cod game since cod4. It should be also be a fps which has a good learning curve, if you know what I mean. In swbf2 there really was a big difference between a somewhat active player and a really active player.  I would like to know your opinions on fps that are still very active, or fps that are going to come out and seem to be interesting. I'm asking, because I'm hesitating on deciding on a fps and then it not being that what i wanted.  Hope you can help!   PS: English isn't my native language, so sorry for it not being the best. ;)
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r., daggerfall, daggerfall]	I know this is weird but I'm trying to find games to try that meet the following criteria:  I like games with two main components. I like games where I can custom design the character (IE Saints Row, or any Bethseda game, etc) and I like games that aren't too linear and offer a sandbox exploration element. (SWG was my dream game for a while)  Typically these are RPG's/MMO's but not always.  I've already played a lot of the major titles that would fit the criteria I listed (Such as The Elder Scrolls series, Mass effect series, Fallout series, Mount &amp; Blade) so I'm hoping someone can suggest something new for me. 
[alpha protocol, alpha protocol, mass effect]	HI all! I need your help! :)  Bear with me here please. Here's the deal:  Things I don't like about RPGs: turn-based combat, classes/statistics/spreadsheet based combat/grinding/leveling, lots of fetch-quest mechanic  sidequests, weak less important main story, massive world for grinding/dungeon crawling, (preferably not) fantasy setting...   Things I like about RPGs: strong main story that's the focus of the game, lots of dialogue choices, preferably story related ( moral and stuff like that) not stuff like: "do you want to carry this satchel across the map?", action/reflex-based combat, (preferably) hard sci fi  *it can be an older game (mid to late 90s onwards)  As you can conclude the type of game I'm looking for is essentially games similar to Mass Effect, and the stuff I like mainly is just the dialogue/branching storyline aspect (sort of like those old Choose you own adventure books, and I actually dislike most of the traditional aspects of RPGs.   -I'm aware of the KOTOR games, they have a lot of what I want, but sadly they have turn-based/spreadsheet combat and it's Star Wars (essentially fantasy/sword&amp; SPACE!!1!!), but it's an option.  -I'm also aware of Alpha Protocol, it's supposedly Mass Effect-like but usually rated ~60 out of 100. ( baaad )  -I'm also aware of Gothic (2), it is middle ages but it has: a smaller world, action combat (albeit a bit clunky), almost no leveling/classes/spread sheet mechanic, no grinding to progress to a new area, tight story with good characters and dialogue options (all voice-worked, even you character  it is cinematic).  Any other games like this out there?  Also Planescape:Torment supposedly can be finished without combat (only a handful of times) so even though it is spreadsheet-y it is avoidable and it is heavily dialogue based (albeit fantasy) so that's a so-so. Also later Fallout games are so-so (too much fetchquest-y for my taste.) The Elder Scrolls games are also too much grind-y/weak main quest etc-y.  Any other games like this out there? :/  Thanks for reading! Hopefully somebody knows something.
[company of heroes, strategy games, alpha centauri, arcade games, nintendo 3ds, go to hell, test drive, this game, out there, total war, civ]	Hope this is the right place! I was an avid gamer in my youth, but then grad school and kids happened. I've got two questions:  1) Could anyone suggest some turn-based strategy games or games easily interrupted at any moment to returned to later (I almost never get long, satisfying gaming stretches nowadays)? I'm a big fan of the Civilization series, the Supreme Commander series, and the Total War series as well. Also, anything like the old Dungeon Keeper? Settlers? Alpha Centauri? Oh, and pirate games too, anything in the vein of Cutthroats: Terror on the High Seas.  2) Any recommendations to start my 4 year old daughter on gaming? She really enjoys playing little games on the ipad (Bejewelled, for example) and likes spending time on flash games provided by Nick Jr and Sesame Street.  Thanks!
[escape velocity nova, dawn of discovery, port royale, port royale, pick up]	Hi 's been a while since this question has been asked in this sub, so I thought I'd take a crack at it and see what ideas you all have in mind for me.  I'm a huge Tradewinds fan (yes, the pirate game). I love the opening up new areas and trading commodities for profit and bombing the crap out of some pirates and upgrading my ship. The UI is simple, so I don't have to spend a fortnight learning a new game (which, frankly, unless it's the best damned game ever made, I don't have time for - I work and commute a ton). I also love space.  I'm late to the PC gaming scene (started late in 2003 or so), so I hadn't even heard of Freelancer until about 2 months ago. I've been playing it quite a bit, as well as another game I ran across called Black Market HD, which I actually like quite a bit more. If you aren't familiar with it, you can take a look at it over at http:// 's basically Tradewinds in space. There's that demo there and then there's a full game they don't really tell you about right up front, so be warned. The demo probably lasts for 2-3 hours before you start running in to issues.  Are there any other games like this out there? I am having some real difficulty in finding any.  Thanks a bunch!  Edit: Ooooh, and Galaxy on Fire. I have that one too. It's excellent.  Follow up edit: Thanks for all the great suggestions, guys! A lot of these games (like Evochron Mercenary or X3) do not lend themselves well to an extremely limited amount of playtime, but they are definitely excellent suggestions (and I own most of them). If anyone has suggestions which are more like Tradewinds or Black Market, I am all ears. If you are not familiar with these games, they are characterized by an easy to understand UI, storyline quests and open world trading. Unfortunately, I am out of the house for work upwards of 65 hours per week and I am not interested in spending 10 hours to learn a game (basically, if you would use the words "tactics", "depth" or "learning curve" in your description, it's probably not a good fit). Thanks again!
[far cry 3]	I really like survivor type games that as you go on throughout the game, you can level up skills and get weapons and all that jazz. I have watched a friend play Far Cry 3 a little bit, and I rented Tomb Raider from Redbox (bad decision), and it seems like it would be a great game to buy. But... I am sort of on a tight budget and can only buy one of the two games right now... But I just want to hear some suggestions! For those of you that have played both (or Far Cry 3 and are still playing through Tomb Raider since it came out a short while ago), which one do you prefer? I just want to know *other* peoples preferences, so I can then decide which one seems more suitable for me!
[nanashi no game, nes]	So, I'm looking for some fake retro games for the Nintendo DS. What I mean by that is games that look, feel, and sound like (for example) a game on the NES or SNES, but were made for the system they're currently on (meaning the DS, in this case, as that's the system I'm looking for).  Also, fake retro games are NOT part of any preexisting series (AKA not sequels, unless they're sequels of fake retro games) and they are NOT remakes.. So games like Contra 4 or Chrono Trigger don't count.  Games I already know of:  * Retro Game Challenge * Game Center CX: Arino's Challenge 2 (Retro Game Challenge 2) * Contact * Nanashi no Game * Nanashi no Game Me * Cave Story  Can anyone help?
[bomberman]	I am looking for a game that i can open and close quickly. For example inbetween matches in Moba-games or just whein I wait for a friend. Also I would prefer it not to be too graphic heavy so I even can have it in the background without it slowing down my current game, although this is not required if i can save the game fast.  These games are good: Super Hexagon  Solar 2  10, 000, 000 seems good but i havent played it.  The old pokemon through an emulator.   Games that does not work well: FTL, it is just too heavy to have tabbed down and you must also finish the battles to save.  Omerta: city of gangsters, I liked the setup of this game, sadly it takes too long to start and is heavy on the graphics. It is also slow to tab down to join moba-matches.  Civ 5, Now, i would love to play this game in windowed but it is annoying to close down and start from short notice.  Any suggestions at all is very much appreciated. Thank you.
[dark souls]	Hi there. I'm really into games that are immersive. I like games where I can create a character too. I've really enjoyed many RPG's but currently I can't find one I haven't played. If anyone can suggest good RPG's with good custom character creation that'd be amazing. Its not a be all end all but i REALLY enjoy games that let me customize my character fully.  I'd prefer something not TOO graphically dated. Not modern is fine but I do like some decent visual quality. Who am I kidding? I'll be lucky if anyone offers me any sort of suggestion!  For the record, here are the RPG's I have played (KOTOR 1 &amp; 2. Skyrim/Oblivion. Mount &amp; Blade. Fable. Mass Effect series. Fallout series. Saints Row series, if you count that.)
[state of decay, i am super, minecraft, dayz, dayz]	I really like DayZ (I bought ArmA 2:CO just to play the mod) but I'm really tired of the ArmA engine and all it's glitches, I know about the standalone but since it's the same company i'm pretty sure most of the annoying "features" of arma will still remain there for months, if not years, before they can fully rewrite. No need to talk about this, I always read the devblog and I know about the state of the game.  My question is, there's any other games similar DayZ? Or that are currently under development? I really like the Base Building addon and it would be perfect if it had something similar.  WarZ is a shitty hacker infested game made just to suck money from gamers, so please don't mention it.
[the world ends with you, crimson gem saga, chrono trigger, nes]	Pretty simple. I'm looking to try one of the first four Final Fantasy titles available on the iPhone/iPad, but, having never played any of them before, I would like some advice. There's two things in particular I'm interested in, the game itself, and the port.  The Game: Basically, how do the games hold up? How's the combat? The story? The pacing?  The Port: How do they run on iOS? I've heard of issues where answering a call closes the game completely, has that been fixed? How well do the menus work for the touchscreen? Do they have cloud saves?  Thanks to anyone who can help, I haven't been able to find too much regarding the ports. I'm really looking forward to playing a new (to me) Final Fantasy title again, but Im trying to keep it to one purchase for now.
[this game, this game]	Hey everyone, I'm looking for a game that would be good for a 5 year old,  we play Minecraft right now and he loves it, tho he usually ends up just watching my screen. He also doesn't ever want to try anything else but Minecraft, was hoping to show him theres a lot more to gaming then Minecraft.   He loves to play with Lego blocks so I was thinking a lego game but I don't know if those are to advance for him still. Are there easier or harder versions of Lego games, I know there is a couple different series (Star Wars, Lord of the Rings, Batman,  them. or if anyone knows a good game on the Xbox Live arcade or PlayStation store thats cheap, that be cool too.
[gta 4]	My friends and I have a huge gaming party a few times a year where we have 10 Xboxes set up in two rooms (5 in each room).  We've been doing this for almost three years now, and the games we typically play are starting to get a little stale.  Here are the games we almost always play:  * Gears 3 (will probably be upgrading to Gears Judgement at the next one) * L4D 1 and 2 * Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit (we play cops vs racers) * Halo Reach (not enough people bought 4, so we're stuck using an older and cheaper Halo)  I appreciate any suggestions.  Older games and non-shooter game suggestions are welcome.  Older usually means cheaper, so they're easy to get, and I wouldn't mind mixing it up with something other than a shooter or racer (though those suggestions are welcome as well!).  Thanks!
[monster hunter, monster hunter, dragon's dogma, key features, xbox]	I've tried RaiderZ and it was ok, but it had too many MMO-style fetch quests and the gear crafting seemed pretty linear - though I'm only about level 12 so far, so maybe it gets better in both respects.  I also didn't like that RaiderZ tried to have a story.  I'd much rather they just have a game which sends a fucking huge monster my way and basically says "Kill dey ass".  I've also run Monster Hunter Tri using a Wii emulator, but from what I've heard Tri is somewhat the black sheep of the series - not to mention that it's incredibly graphically dated when it comes to modern standards.  I've played Dark Souls as well.  Excellent game, and also similar to what I'm looking for.  So yeah, any suggestions for PC games with huge monster fights and an emphasis on crafting weapons and armor rather than looting them, would be welcome :D
[supreme commander, league of legends]	Basically, I really like outwitting my opponents and just overall strategy in general. I find it all sorts of fun.   However, I really can't keep up with the pace of starcraft mechanically. It requires just too many actions per minute to be even slightly serious.  Having played league of legends, I half enjoyed it, I just really dislike cooperating with 4 other random people and assembling a full 5 man team to do ranked with is a little challenging.  So what I'm looking for is a sort of strategy (turn based is okay too!) game that rewards thought without requiring a lot of twitch input, which I can play 1v1. I'd really enjoy small teams too, if my friends play. And I'd love to take it online and play against people, because I never really enjoyed playing games against a computer.  What do you guys have in mind?
[crusader kings ii, scribblenauts]	Sorry if the title is garbage, i am sure everyone is looking for a game to spend hours on...  I am trying to find a game that i can get into and have lots of fun, and enjoy! Like the sims, or the total war series. something that i can build a world and exploit it? or destroy it... I use to like the sims but i recently bought sims 3 and stopped playing it about a week in... and i have been surfing steam ever since... just looking for suggestions... or help? thanks.   Perhaps a medieval style game? Besides the obvious ones like skyrim, and elder scrolls...
[bioshock infinite, bioshock infinite, gears of war]	I've narrowed it down to Dead Space 3, Tomb Raider, God of War: Ascension and BioShock Infinite.  I love the GoW series. I've played it since day one on the PS2. Seriously one of my favorite games of all time. But I've also heard that Ascension isn't quite as good.  Dead Space is fantastic and I thought both of the previous ones were really great, actionization notwithstanding.  I have heard nothing but good things about the new Tomb Raider and I think Crystal Dynamics did a great job with the previous entries (even Underworld).  I have never played a BioShock game. The reviewers make it seem like Infinite is the second coming, but nothing about BioShock has really grabbed me when I have seen it. That being said, I really don't want to miss out on a story that is, by all accounts, absolutely amazing.
[bots, lol]	Hey guys, I'm a fairly new YouTube that concentrates on the modding community and I'm looking for good mods that deserve recognition.   I do a Mod of the Week series on my channel (http:// and I believe the modding community should be appreciated for the hard and innovative work they do on games.  So I wanted to see what everyone thought was a great mod. Any game is fine! I have to say my personal favorite at the moment is CUBE for Half Life 2 - https:// Would love to hear your opinions!
[the longest journey, broken sword, dreamfall]	I love spending an afternoon playing games along side my husband, But my tastes run more towards puzzle games. The ones I have played and loved are;  1. Machinarium- This is my favorite. Loved the atmosphere and the puzzles 1. The dream machine. Really addicting. Super fun and creepy. 1. Samarost- I had a lot of fun playing this one as well but I felt like it wasn't anything special. 1. Portal- Eh. Liked the puzzels but I wanted more of a story and it felt lonely. I am giving it another try soon. 1. Botanicula- Not my favorite. It was cute but I got bored quickly. 1. Braid- I really wanted to be good at this game. But couldn't dedicate the time to not suck at it.  Any other suggestions? 
[dungeons of dredmor, company of heroes, cortex command, frozen synapse, torchlight ii, don't starve, minecraft, roguelike, eufloria, diablo 3, civ]	I'm going to be quitting both smoking cigarettes and drinking coffee soon.  I have a good computer, a homebrewed Wii, and a DS.  I can drop some cash if needed.  Right now I either play Minecraft while listening to music or I'll play Civ4.  I may get Civ5 again, however Civ4 fits more along the lines of city creation/management while Civ5 is more combat related.  The Civ games aren't too impressing when it comes to combat compared to a lot of other titles so if I can't veg out and micromanage cities I lose interest.  I'd love to play something along the lines of character development but I've played MMO's for a decade so I'm incredibly burnt out on WoW-type games.  There has to be some intrinsic fun to whatever I'm doing.  I'm not going to stay interested just for the achievements.   Diablo 3 was a huge let-down.  The end game fighting is watered-down Wow boss fights.  Not being able to get items I can actually use ruins it for me as well.  I can't get excited selling 12 items so I can afford to buy 1 that's actually useful.    Is the new simcity worth going for?
[dark souls: prepare to die edition, neverwinter nights 2, mass effect 3, king's bounty, xbox, ddo]	So, I'm looking for a game with some level of customization, but it's not necessary a RPG, so I'm not sure how to classify it. I'm not restrained by singleplayer/multiplayer nor online/offline nor any specific genre. Any kind of game the fits the criteria works. Here are they:  MUST HAVE:  - Multiple choices of character and clear consequences of this choices. Think something like  Dungeons and Dragons Online, where you have to choose between several skills, every level you can decide to or not to multiclass, and sometimes one point in the wrong attribute/skill/talent makes you want to redo the character.  Atlantica Online, where although your character itself isn't very customizable, your formation and choice of mercs influence greatly in your game experience.  - You feel you're advancing in the game.  Games where, even though you're doing the same thing over and over again, they don't get boring because they introduce new elements or they get more and more challenging or the story is compelling. Think Final Fantasy X, Pokemon series. Counter example, Dungeons and Dragons Online, where you repeat the same dungeon forever without any real new element.     MUST NOT HAVE:  - Combat style where one single opponent is irrelevant and you spam clicks. Think Diablo II/III and Path of Exile.  NOTE: I don't mind spamming keyboard buttons.  - First Person Shooter. I don't really mind the First Person thing, but I suck at shooters and don't like them.  NOTE: I don't mind FPS elements. Deus Ex: Human Revolution is technically a FPS but I spent 85%(?) of the game knocking people out close range and finding way out/in of places.  - Really old graphics. I'm not looking for Bioshock Infinite, but also not 8bit games. Thief: Deadly Shadows and Oblivion are examples of low graphics that I'm fine with. I'm probably fine with lower too, but I can't think of any example.   think that's it? Any tip?  Thanks!
[dawn of war]	I find myself jonesing for an RTS game which is similar to Starcraft. What I mean by this is resource collection (but not like 7 or 8 which you get in say Empire Earth, more 2-3 like in Starcraft), and also largish set piece battles. I became really disheartened by Dawn of War II which had the two resource collecting aspects, but really pushed you to level units over mass colonizing. Does anyone have a good suggestion? I do realise I am basically describing Starcraft 2 but I am a bit short on cash for that at the moment, and was looking for something to fill the void.
[metro 2033]	Well I beat Bioshock:  two days. I'm starting a second playthrough but it gets a bit boring because I just beat it. I love the original Bioshock (Bioshock 2 was okay) and Infinite is one of my favorite games right now. I have played A LOT of games. I am looking for a game with a deep story, isn't too old, RPG/FPS and fun combat.   Don't Suggest: Bioshock series (Beat them all) Mass Effect series (Beat them all) Dragon series (I own 1, but I don't like it) The Walking Dead (I have watched several playthrough's, and I'm currently playing it right now) Planescape Torment (Doesn't look to appealing to me; doesn't peak my interest) Elder Scrolls/Fallout series (Own Fallout 3, Oblivion and Skyrim) Portal series (Own them, love them) Stalker series (Own Clear Sky and SOC) Call of Duty series (Don't even fucking dare) Wither series (Own 1, haven't gotten far and haven't touched it since I purchased it)
[homm]	Hello gamingsuggestions! I am an average aged gamer (30~) who plays a wide variety of games.  My father (66) also plays various games, however he relies on my suggestions for games to play, and here is where I turn to this subreddit for suggestions.  The games my father usually play are turn-based games, relying less of reaction time, such as:  * Strategy games (Civ series, Total War series, etc) * Board games and their online versions * Tactical games (Jagged Alliance, etc)  On the flip-side, he also enjoyed the Portal games and the original Medal Of Honor game, which he replays every couple of years. This was all done on a 7 year old PC.  Recently, while looking at me playing newer, graphically intensive games, he asked me if there is a way "he could visit these beautiful worlds", without the reaction speed challenge these games impose on the player.  I think the following types could work:  * Strategy/Tactical games that we missed due to old hardware such as newer versions of good games (Civ5, new Total War etc) * Fast paced games that can be toned down like sped-down RTS games or FPSs with low difficulty settings. Due to the MoH example, I believe he could enjoy the CoD series of Hollywood-esque scenes and such.  Given all the above, what are a couple of games that can be suitable?
[enslaved: odyssey to the west]	I was looking to pick up a game or two this break. I have a GameStop gift card, so I'm looking for suggestions for games that I can get from there for under $15 (maybe $20 if they're really good). I'm willing to try pretty much any game. I've played the Bioshocks (not Infinite yet) Halos, CODs, Gears of War(not Judgement), ACs, Splinter Cells, JC2, GTA4, RDR, Alan Wake, Mass Effects, Batmans, Borderlands, TES(not morrowind), Fallouts, Fables(not 1), The Orange Box, numerous sports games, and various Arcade games such as Minecraft, Bastion, Mark of the Ninja, and Shadow Complex. I know, it's probably a lot, but I borrowed most of them from friends so it's not like I'm rich or anything. I'm just looking for something new. Thanks!
[wargame: european escalation, r.u.s.e., wargames]	By 'relatively modern' I just mean modern resolutions and similar. I'm perfectly happy with aged 2d graphics and all the standard wargame trimmings, I just don't want to have to play them in 1024x768, especially if they don't support a windowed mode.  Gameplay wise, I'm hoping for something similar to Steel Panthers - tactical, fairly 'simulation-y', and not too vast a scale. I'd like a little bit more (simulation/strategic) depth than the recent Slitherine Panzer Corps games, at least ideally.. but am pretty open to suggestions.  I am not too concerned about the era involved, or anything else - just looking for some interesting wargames.  Thank you
[bioshock infinite, bioshock infinite, bioshock infinite, spec ops the line, bioshock 1, bioshock 1, darkness 2, pick up, fix it]	Hey Reddit,  I really like this subreddit, and I know present you with my little dilemma. I have lots of games, and my funds are not that limited, so I really have acces to loads of games.  But I have a hard time picking and sticking to a game. But I have succeeded in playing through 3 (4) games these last few months, and now I am looking for the next game to fully enjoy to the end.  Last games I have played, starting from the last one is Bioshock Infinite. A FPS if you shoudn't be aware. What a journey, loved every single moment of that game.  Before that I played both SC2 and the expansion (RTS) and also had a very good time with brilliant gaming mechanics, story wasn't that good though.  and lastly, I played and loved Ni No Kuni (JRPG), who with Bioshock Infinite must be the two games I have loved the most in many years of gaming.  But what should I play next? Bioshock 1 &amp; 2 is the easy pick, but if I could follow the trend with switching up genres, that might be a good break for me. FPS have never been my go-to genre, but then again, I tend to lose interest in many genres.. Don't know what you would call it, but my wife calls it gaming-ADHD :P  I am waiting for the european release of Fire Emblem for the 3DS, but other than that, I don't have any new games in the coming time I am really looking forward to (should there any?).  So what would you sell to me, if you were a sales man?   I love a great story and a great visually input. The game should not be too demanding, since my reflexes are not that good.   And I am really sorry for this long, long, wall of text.
[world of warcraft, warcraft 3, minecraft, minecraft]	Hello fellow redditors !!  I need some help. Me and my GF are battling a drug addiction. Sadly everything we tried up until now has failed and we keep finding ourselves at the start of this vicious cycle, so i thought we should try gaming as a rehab method.  Can someone please recommend some good games that me and my GF can play together to take our mind of our addiction ?  The games must be engaging (coop or 1vs1) and the more immersion we get, the better. She isn't a gamer in the trues sense of the word but she did enjoy playing Age of Empires 2, Warcraft 3 and Diablo 2. Personal, i am not a big fan of strategy games but RPG's are right up my alley.  Another very important thing for the recommendation i am looking is the system requirements becaouse we both have outdated machines (i own a Dell Inspiron 1545 with 4 GB of ram and she has an emachines e520 with basic configuration).  So please redditors, help me and my GF fight our addiction with a list of great games !!!  TL;DL: Couple trying to battle against drug addiction, looking for a list of games that we can play together as a rehab method. Games must not have high system requirements because our computers suck.
[planetside 2]	I just ordered a new computer and will be back in the computer gaming world after a very, very long dry spell. I'm pretty confident I can learn about all the popular games I've missed on my own, but one thing I know I want to experience right out of the gate is a huge multiplayer battle in a FPS game. Can anyone suggest one for me? I'm also looking to stick to Steam too, unless you have a compelling reason otherwise.   I already know about Planetside 2, so you can save the effort of mentioning that one. I'm interested more in a game without RPG elements though. If Planetside 2 is f2p, then of course I'm still going to try it, but I can't say I'm too keen on learning complicated combat systems.   edit: just to clarify, by largest I mean most players at the same time. Not "most popular"  or something like that. So I'm looking to play a game of like 200+ vs 200+. 
[warcraft 3, diablo]	Was directed here from /r/games. :)  Looking for some good free (or cheap) LAN games for breaks in the office. Have a few people interested in playing games during breaks/lunch, and I run the IT here so I can set up a server and distribute clients etc. with no problems.  Basically, needs to be drop-in/drop-out. If it's linear or progression based (ie. WE NEED TO BEAT THIS BOSS, NEED THREE MORE MINUTES is bad) it's not really a great idea.  It also needs to run on fairly basic PCs - they're all the latest i5's with the integrated graphics or CAD workstations with expensive Quadro cards, but I am not expecting to be running Crysis on them.  Figuring 2-7 players, usually 3-4.  Thanks!
[xenoblade]	So with the release of Pandora's Tower coming up, I've been thinking a lot about whether or not I should get The Last Story and Xenoblade Chronicles. Admittedly, I know next to nothing about all three games, I just know they're considered very solid JRPG's, which there haven't been a lot of this generation and I sorely miss playing.  Off the top of my head, some of my favorites from last generation were Final Fantasy X, Tales of the Abyss, Tales of Symphonia, and Baten Kaitos (original and origins). I'm not picky on the type of gameplay necessarily (as long as it doesn't suck), but I'm really curious if anyone can shed some like on the stories of these two games and the kind of themes and characters they touch on without spoiling anything. The plot is really the most important thing in a JRPG, at least in my opinion.  Thanks guys.
[search and rescue 4, arma iii]	X3 is that space simulator, fly ships around. There's just too many menus and stuff, it's just easier to use the mouse. Plus, it's incredibly annoying when flying through a gate to have to "reset" my throttle.  I bought a Logitech 3D Extreme Pro or whatever that's called. It was only like $30, so it's not a huge deal, but still. I ordered it online, and I'm not taking the time to send it back. Especially when it's going to cost me at least half that just to send it back.  So fuck it, I need some games. The only thing I can think of is the classic Microsoft Flight Simulator, but that's kinda boring. The idea of just flying somewhere, ehh, kinda lame. I want to kill shit. Any cool dogfighting games?  Or what about helicopter games? I feel like it'd be cool to pilot a helicopter too, but only if I'm actually doing something and not just flying from point A to point B. So, like picking up shit, I don't know.  Are there any non-flight related games that work cool with one of these things? Like some sort of logging simulator or something, or a crane simulator, I don't know. Operating a piece of machinery or something, most of them use a joystick just like this anyway. Usually two though, but still!  Basically, I just don't want to have wasted $30, that's all.
[lol]	So I only game about 2 or 3 days a week since I have a 3 year old and I really want to get my girlfriend into gaming with me but she has almost no experience and Also a 2 year old. The extent of her gaming abilities end at the snes. I really want to find a good game that me and her could both get into that requires little to no "coordination". Shooting games are out of the question because she can not work two joysticks at the same time. I have a 360 and pc, she has a windows 8 pc so I don't know if that matters at all.  She has no other systems so if it is a 360 game we must both be able to play on one system. I have tried to get her into minecraft, castle crashers, and borderlands with no success so I'm looking for something a little slow that doesn't have a lot of pressure to move rapidly. I think something like champions for ps2 would be good but I'm pretty sure that isn't on the 360. Open to any suggestions!
[dragons online]	So I played WoW for a long time, and it's probably the MMO I've been most loyal to. I've been curious about getting into an MMO again, but it seems like such an over-saturated market.  A couple things:  **I accept the holy trinity.**  I like the idea of a healer being a healer, a tank being a tank, and a DPS type character dealing damage. Fulfilling a role is one of the reasons I PLAY MMOs.  **I like being encouraged/force to work together with others.**  I've been playing a LOT of DotA 2 lately, and the cooperation it requires of all 5 members makes it extremely addicting. Some of my most memorable experiences in WoW involve dungeons and bosses where a group has to work together in an intricate weave of cooperation.  **I am done paying monthly fees.**  Since the day I added up the amount of money I had spent on WoW (Base game and expansions) and monthly fees, I have no interest in paying a monthly fee. I am alright with an initial purchase, and even a game that has payment options for additional content, quicker leveling, etc. I just can't justify a monthly fee these days, as spare time gets less.  **Conclusion.**  So, any suggestions? What's out there? Lay it on me!
[little things]	Thinking about reinstalling TW Medieval 2, but I would also like to know if there are any similar games out there. Not really looking for a Tropico kind of game. Some games that I enjoy that might help your suggestions:  - TW Series  - Crusader Kings 2 (love the diplomacy aspect, but lacks the military strategy that i'm looking for)  - Civ 5 (Looking for something a bit deeper in military strat)  - Travian (browser game, but has a great mix of diplomacy and strategy.)  So yeah, any suggestions would be welcome. Thanks!
[the witcher]	Hey guys! I've been into PC gaming for quite sometime now. I really enjoy RPG-style games. I loved the hell out of the Elder Scrolls games. I've played Dagger-fall through Skyrim. I've played Fallout 2 through New Vegas. I am looking for a fun Western-Style RPG that I could really get into. I want it to be challenging but not too extreme. I want something that makes me feel accomplished but doesn't make me want to commit suicide like Dark Souls.    If you guys could recommend a few games for me that would be awesome :)
[minecraft, minecraft]	I know I probably did not give the best titular examples but essentially I'm imaging something akin to the elder scrolls but with a primary focus on exploration of the environment and world elements. Being able to do something like build/buy/upgrade a "cabin in the woods" or something would be great too.   Exploration of a detailed or expansive world is my primary desire though. I just played Euro Truck Sim 2 for a seemingly 30 hour binge but unfortunately there just isn't enough to do in that game to keep my interest other than once and a while. I'd imagine I would have fun with a "hiking game" moreso (as boring as that potentially sounds it could be awesome!). As for graphics I am not a big fan of ascii so I prefer tile-sets and beyond but don't hesitate to mention something.  Gaming systems: PC, Xbox 360 (no XBL), Wii U.  Thanks for any suggestions. Sorry for my jumble of thoughts.
[dofus]	I'm looking for an MMORPG with good end game PvP. Something arena based with 1v1s to 5v5s, as long as it's controlled environment team deathmatch. I've tried PvPing in WoW, Aion, Tera and GW2 but none of them appeal to me. WoW is impossible to get into unless you know people to play with, and the PvP gear grind is just way too much.  Same thing with Aion, and all of the PvP systems in Aion are terrible.  Tera I can't be assed to level up in because FFA PvP servers are terrible and you just get ganked constantly.  GW2 has really boring combat and I don't like the whole capture points crap.  I have played other MMOs like Ragnarok Online but the PvP is just pathetic.   I would prefer a F2P game because I don't have any money right now, and I'm pretty sure there is nothing interesting out there but I'm going to ask anyway.
[spec ops: the line]	There are 3 Modern FPS games made by 3 different publishers that compete for the Modern FPS crowd.   **COD ModernWarfare 3** - Made by Infinity Ward  **COD Black Ops 2** - Made by Treyarch  **Battlefield 3** - Made by EA Digital  *************************************  **My Question:** I play games mostly for the campaign and own Modern Warfare 1, 2, &amp; 3 and love them. I recently went to gamestop and picked up Battlefield 3 but did not like the way the guns felt and and Screen tearing on the 360 (Seems to be really geared for PC). I am wary to pick up Black Ops because their last game I played (Call of Duty 3) had a buggy campaign. Is Black Ops worth the campaign? is it similar to MW3?  Has anyone played all 3? Any opinions? 
[the binding of isaac, geometry wars, pick up]	It could be a zombie game. It could be a procedurally-generated survival game.  I want something that captures the feeling of progress and weapon variation/character style specialisation like Torchlight or Borderlands, but that *plays* like, say, Geometry Wars or Renegade Ops.  There *must* be some tasty little indie beast out there by now, right?  If there are several and I'm allowed to get picky, I get the feeling that swords and maces and magic spells would be more conducive to co-op play than machine guns and grenades.
[planescape: torment, baldur's gate, bg2]	Hi All,  I am currently debating which retro D&amp;D RPG game to start. I have never really played a D&amp;D game before. I don't know if i have the genre right but im talking about Baulder's Gate, Planescape, Icwind Dale, etc. also known as Infinity Engine Games i guess. But i currently have 4 purchased that I am looking to get into.    1. Baulder's Gate 2. Baulder's Gate 2 3. Arcanum: Of Steamworks and Magick Obscura 4. Temple of Elemental Evil   So my question is not necessarily which one has the best story or the best overall game (as I am sure most of you would say Baulder's Gate) but which one would you reccomend playing for first time D&amp;D rule set game. I know the basics of the games, I have played a fair share of RPG's, but just never any strictly D&amp;D game. Any help would be great!   Thanks,  DigDug
[starcraft]	Okay guys, I'm looking for an oddly specific game here.  I'd like a game that lets me, in a way, relive some of my childhood. More specifically, I'd like to be able to **place, edit, and create units**. Kind of like me (and others I'm sure) use to do with our old Lego armies, or the pieces from a RISK game.  Another thing I'd like to do is to **control and customize the attributes (stats and items) of one of the characters participating in the skrimish/battle**.  A game similar to this that I found was [Mount&amp;Blade:Warband](http:// which was close to what I wanted, but not quite right.   Another very close game is  [XCOM: Enemy Unknown](http://, but again not quite the right thing.   Anyone have any suggestions?
[floor 13]	So, all I remember is   B/W  you run the british secret service  richard branson is your boss/the PM  when you fail, mr Garcia comes to visit and kills you.     I played this a few times at a friend's house years ago, trying to find it again to give as a gift.  it's a still screen spy game where you discredit enemies, search or trash their house, torture suspects, have people killed and must ensure the reelection of richard branson at all costs..    oh, it's wierd as fuck :D   thanks in advance  EDIT formating
[chivalry: medieval warfare]	Hey /r/gamingsuggestions,   I realize that realistic and cinematic are often opposites, but what I mean is that you don't just whack the other person with your sword until they fall over. Rather, the swords clash and deflect, and when one person lands a blow it is has a serious effect. The only examples I could think of for this were Assassin's Creed (I've only played the first) and Dishonored. In both of those, however, it doesn't take much skill to take down an opponent (which makes sense, since you are so much more highly trained than they are). I would like that sort of thing, but with more equal footing between me and the NPCs. Does something like this exist? Also, feel free to just post the games with the best sword fighting, regardless of realism or power levels. Thanks!
[torchlight 2, portal 2, portal 2]	Hello /r/gamingsuggestions! I recently made a post over at /r/Games where I was asking about quality games for someone age 12-14, and I was told about the existence of this subreddit.   I recently built my little brother a budget-based gaming computer, and he's been loving it so far. He spends almost all of his time playing Minecraft, which is a great game to play with friends (he has his own server that they all use).   Anyway, I just figured that he might expand his gaming library a bit now that he has a considerably more powerful rig.  A few (rough) guidelines. He tends to enjoy games that can be played with friends. I've tried to get him into single-player games, but he hasn't really bit that bullet yet. Games with multiplayer functionality are greatly preferred.  A few suggestions that came up on /r/Games were:  Torchlight II: I showed this to him and he looked interested. This might be the current front-runner because he can still play this with his friends.  AoE II: I had never played this game when I was younger, and I feel like I missed out on part of my childhood. I showed it to him after he requested a 'war' game, and he seemed to really like the idea of it. Multiplayer makes the game much more appealing as well.  FTL: I don't know about this one. I *loved* the game, but I feel that it could potentially be frustrating for someone a bit younger, and there is a noticeable learning curve. It's also hard to show someone the game, as it tends to be one of those games where you only really enjoy it when you play it yourself.   A few others that came up were Tribes: Ascend (which he plays), Left 4 Dead 2 (rated M as far as I know... that won't fly), Just Cause 2 (he's watched my older brother play this... again, won't fly with the parents), and a few others.  So, anyways! Any/all suggestions are appreciated!
[dungeon defenders, you up, dota 2]	Hey guys, I'm looking for a 2-4 player online PC game that follows the above rules. Games my group really enjoy playing include League of Legends, Starcraft 2, and Touhou (admittedly, not Co-Op, but you get the idea). And the common trait we decided we liked was the constant need to be 'doing' something.  Additional ideal traits would include predefined beginnings and endings ('one game is X minutes long' rather than 'let's play for X minutes today') as well as the need for everyone to feel important. We played Trine 2 as well, but whoever is the Wizard can just carry you through the puzzles and it gets boring really quickly.  Also, we really aren't interested in FPS's. We aren't particularly good at them nor do we really care to try to get better.
[dungeon defenders, path of exile, king's bounty, torchlight 2, mass effect, trine 2]	So my girlfriend has always enjoyed some light gaming. But she hasn't ever really done any PC gaming. She is wanting to play games with me but she insists she cannot use a keyboard and mouse. I have an xbox 360 controller with a wireless sensor that i have used with Borderlands 2 and even xpadder with GW2. The problem is xpadder can be very clunky at times for games with lots of button combinations    So i am looking for native xbox 360 controller support (or at very compatible with xpadder) games that are similar to:  * Final Fantasy * WoW * Guild Wars 2   Other games she has enjoyed:  * Harvest Moon * Zelda * Crono trigger   She likes games that she can adventure in, do quests etc (that rings MMORPG to me).    It would be nice if it was at least 2 players and even better if it was mmorpg. This could be either xbox or pc. But would be better if it was pc (we have two).  Any suggestions, highly appreciate it.
[the witcher]	It's simple really.   I'm looking for a game that gives you the option to influence the world drastically. Not just a little bit, but drastically.   It can be a single town you influence with your actions, but it can also be a whole map, as long as you see your actions having influence on it.  It doesn't matter wether you have to be good or bad. But Inherently more chpoice and more resulting stuff happening is better.  So I was wondering if you guys knew of any games that fit this model.  Preferably Fantasy/medieval setting. But I'll listen to all suggestions.
[planescape: torment, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, baldur's gate]	So, I am sort of on a video game binge right about now.. Just bought like 6 video games the other week (which include Bioshock Infinite, The Witcher 2, Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning, Far Cry 3, Star Ocean 4, and Infinite Undiscovery)... And I want to add to my collection before I get broke!  I just beat Bioshock Infinite (and yes, it was absolutely amazing), and I am currently playing Far Cry 3 right now, and it is taking up a lot of my time haha. I was looking at some Crysis gameplay/trailers, and I think I am going to get those games next.   What amazing games do you suggest I get that will suck me in? Feel free to nerd out and explain to me some amazing games and what you loved about them!!
[brain lord]	Hello good people of /r/gaminssuggestions.  I'm currently interested in buying a SNES action RPG in a retrogaming store in my area. I already own Secret of Mana. I know of Seiken Densetsu 3 (which they have, but it's in Japanese), Secret of Evermore (I wish they had it) and Illusion of Gaia.  I've heard of Terranigma and Soul Blazer, maybe some of you could tell me if they're buy-worthy or only ROM-worthy.  Do you know of any (good) games that I haven't listed? Also, I'd like to play with my partner, so bonus points for multiplayer games!  EXTRA BONUS POINTS : Are there any SNES-like (gameplay wise) Action RPG on the Wii that I could buy?  Thank you!
[league of legends, team fortress 2, tribes: ascend, alien swarm, vindictus, warframe, raiderz, diablo]	While I'm at my dorms, I can't particularly play any games such as TERA as much as I want to and I want to spend time playing a game with a friend. Right now, we played games like Elsword and League of Legends but I want to find something new. Maybe a new MMORPG, or at least something that will take a lot of my time.  And, I already tried games like Vindictus or Rusty Hearts but I lost some interest in those but I do not mind playing similar games. (Also, the games in particular do not have to be free, but that would be cool)
[neverwinter nights 2]	We have already beat Baldur's Gate, and are waiting for Torment: Tides of Numenera / Project Eternity to release and it is taking what feels like an eternity. We mostly just want to be able to customize all sorts of stuff like class, skills, race, the good and old stuff. Stuff that could take 5 hours alone, mostly for that, and a game to throw them into and see how well off they do. I suggested fallout earlier to them, it was in the ballpark but we all beat that years ago. They want something with that old rpg era stuff, but it can be a newer game.   Anyone have any ideas? Thanks for taking the time to read and comment. 
[warframe]	I've been looking for a really fun game to play lately because I've just been down and out, and no games have really been able to capture my attention. While all my friends are snagging BioShock Infinite, I'm sitting here looking for a free game.  Anyone have any suggestions for a good and fun game that's free and free to play? I've recently been playing Tera, but that lost my attention already. Looked at all the Steam Free to Play games and watched all gameplay videos and one or two looked good so I tried them only to get bored within a day.  Would love to hear some suggestions, thanks all.
[counter strike]	This year a bunch of games was released in which you shoot tons of enemies with bazillion of bullets ( Max Payne 3, Tomb Raider, Borderlands 2). In some shooters animations are just bad and you cannot feel the power of your weapon. So, i want a game where you seize every bullet, where weapon is deadly and you can see it, maybe through violence (head explosions, gore), may be through juicy sound of shot, may be through realism and difficulty of shooting. Although, this game should encourage you to make precise headshots, so I do not talk about games like Serious Sam or Painkiller (both of them are good, but it isn't what I am looking for). In past I enjoyed Far Cry series, Bulletstorm, Red Orchestra series, I am also waiting ARMAIII to be optimized so I can try it with framerate 20+. In addiction, I do not want to play too old games, so it is need to be released at least after 2005
[mass effect 3, l4d]	I've been taking a break from playing singleplayer games and find myself only really playing video games when I'm playing with my small group of friends (about 3 - 5 people). We're not big on competitive multiplayer games and we love co-op games where we can work together to survive against the computer.   We like playing games where you have to survive against waves of progressively harder enemies (like Killing Floor, our current favorite because of how easy it is to get into a game and the strong need for co-op).   Can anyone recommend any similar games? (or mods?)
[dragon age: origins]	I used to be grateful for every single game I could lay my hands on. These days I've gotten into the habit of only playing games that are easy to get into, shooters and action mostly. But now I'm finding myself thinking back on the days where a single game created lots of good memories, nostalgia. Some examples would be Final Fantasy X, Kingdom Hearts and Baldurs Gate (and even Myst). I played a lot of Pokemon and strategy games when I was younger, but thinking back on those doesn't do anything for me. I need music, a virtual and beautiful world to lose myself in. That I in the future wont see as a waste of time, but a fond memory that creates nostalgia. I'm sure a lot of you can relate.   I guess I'm looking for modern story driven games with good (and varied?) music. For PC or NDS/3DS, maybe even PS2. Any suggestions?
[ni no kuni: wrath of the white witch, level 5]	I'm looking for an RPG game to play that I can really get into and spend a lot of time playing without it becoming too tedious. I have a PS3 and a PC, but would prefer a suggestion for the PS3. I have just finished Mass Effect 3 and have been playing FF games for many years. I have just tried LOTR: War in the north and found it got very bland about halfway through. I'm open to any suggestions new or old, thanks in advance!  EDIT: Just to add a few of the big ones I have played.  Dragon age 1&amp;2 Oblivion &amp; Skyrim Fallout 3&amp; new Vegas Demon &amp; Dark souls Dragons Dogma Kingdom of amalur WOW, none of the new expansion though The Witcher Diablo 3
[this game, this game]	My husband and I need a new PC game to play in the evenings. It needs to be flexible enough to allow one or both of us to drop in and out unexpectedly, and not require us to finish a level before leaving. Even better if it's suitable for short (30-45 minute) sessions. We'd prefer something without a defined end. We're in it to play, not to finish. ;)   Bonus points for online co-op with strangers if we won't screw them over by leaving. Buying games is fine, subscription fees are not.   Minecraft would be pretty much perfect if we hadn't already put so very many hours into it. :) What do you play when you're done with Minecraft?   **Stuff we've loved**  * Minecraft  * Team Fortress 2  * Civilization IV  * Don't Starve  * Puzzle Pirates (MMO featuring tetris-like puzzles)  * Katamari Damancy  * Spiral Knights  * Dofus  * Portal 2   **Tried but not suitable or not fun:**  * League of Legends  * Starcraft 2  * Warcraft 3  * Civilization V  * Critter Crunch   I've been digging through the massive list at Co-optimus, but there's 428 co-op games there... Help!
[final fantasy xiv: a realm reborn]	I played Everquest from 2000 to 2006, I played World of Warcraft from 2006 to the present and also about 6 months of Star Wars: The Old Republic thrown in. I'm looking for a PAID MMO. I don't want this free to play or pay to win games trying to nickel and dime me to death with "microtransactions". I want a simple game where I give them money, they let me play and leave me alone about it.  That said, I want something with a large player base (if there's anything other than WoW) and bonus points if it's a sci fi type game. I'm kind of burnt out on fantasy. I really enjoyed Tabula Rasa. That was probably my favorite MMO ever and then they cancelled it as soon as I started playing. :( Anyway, can anyone please help me? Google is not my friend here and I have no one else to ask.
[battlefield bad company 2, natural selection 2, civilization 5, battlefield 3, this game, out there]	Hey, currently plodding through BInfinite at the moment and not really enjoying it, would say I far preferred the original Bioshock, fairly close to completing it but only really doing so now to say I've finished it pretty much. So I was hoping people could give me a few new games I could appreciate more as I don't know what to try next. I'm pretty open when it comes to what genre it can be, or even if it's just some multiplayer. Here's a,top of my head and no doubt non complete, list of games I really like (some non PC):  * Total War series. Rome and the Fall of the Samurai expansion for Shogun II being absolute highlights.  * A variety of MMOs, Guild Wars being my favourite of all time, was actually really disappointed with GW2.  * "MOBAS" - DotA2/LoL  * Elder Scrolls series  * Football Manager series  * Final Fantasy series (esp 7/8/9)  * Metal Gear series  * Shadow of the Colossus  * Tomb Raider reboot  * Deus Ex: HR  * Witcher 2  So... what can I boil it down to... I like games where you "build up" something (an empire / character / party) - love myself some stats etc.   I don't really mind if it's open world or tightly scripted / railed - so long as it's done well, although not quite to the level of the constant floating objective arrow from Bioshock. I still want it to be a game and not an interactive movie. At the same time I really don't appreciate any game that can get you "lost", I don't mind exploring for the sake of it - ala Skyrim - but I don't like it when I've got to run all over the bloody place as I have no idea what to do next.  Graphics - as much as I probably didn't realise it before writing this list - I'd prefer it if they're a high point of a game, I'm finding it harder these days to go back and enjoy "classics". Also I prefer really well done attempts at realistic graphics (Tomb Raider/Skyrim/Witcher) than highly stylised graphics (Borderlands / Binfinite).   Finally difficulty wise I'm not that fussed. I'd prefer it to be have some challenge, I don't mind playing something difficult if it's a rewarding and well made game but I absolutely loathe games that are hard "just for the sake of it", at he end of the day I want to enjoy it not feel I've "proved myself" to the developers.  So, with that... longer than planned essay complete, recommend away! There's potentially a chance I've already played it but any suggestions are welcome, any reasons as to why you're recommending it would also be appreciated.
[roguelike]	* It was a dungeon crawler game.  * Turn based combat  * A new game typically lasts 45-60 mins. After that it ends. The dungeons/characters are randomly generated each time.  * You have some characters and it's a turn based fight - top view. The characters don't animate I guess. It's just their pics.  * The graphics were kind of cartoonish. It's not a very old game. Came out within the last 6-8 years max.  * The dungeon has a top view and is divided into sections. At any time you can see only your room and a very little bit into the neighboring room.   * You have 4 characters throughout the game. You control them at the same time.  **Edit: Added some more info since people said it sounds generic.**  * At a time you cannot see the whole map. You can only see 2-3 rooms max. The rooms appear big. The characters are about the size of Dota Heroes on screen kind of.   * Most of the suggestions currently are showing the dos game type having pixels, and where you can see the full map. But this game is a fairly new one. I'm sure it came out in the 2000s only and not before. And it runs on windows.  * When the fighting happens then you go into a different screen with all your characters on one side and enemy characters on the other side. Actually your characters = card showing you character photo.  **Edit2: Solved!**  The game was [FastCrawl](http:// people! Thanks a lot to everyone who made suggestions to me and also to hedfonezz for giving me a list of similar games where I found this one. :)
[final fantasy tactics]	Hey All,  I am currently haveing some free time at work and was wondering what type of Game Boy Advanced games worked best with an iPhone. I dont mean which ones run well, i'm talking more about touch controls. Slower paced games, so nothing like Metroid or Mario since that is very hard to play without tactile feedback. So i am thinking something more like Advanced Wars or Fire Emblem. I am aware that I am able to use a wii mote (which i have) however i am not really wanting to bring other things into the office with me. So are there any other games that might work well with touch controls?   Thanks in advanced! 
[goldeneye]	Maybe you guys can help! :) I play a lot of CS:GO with friends recently and just started trying out Battlefield 3. I love to play Shooters with friends and both of them have their very own kind of gameplay. But what I'm missing is the kind of fun we had back in the days with Turok 2 or Golden Eye or similar shooters on the N64. I mean close battles that feel kind of private, or even one-on-ones, in a map strictly designed for the suspense of hunting down your best friend. Are there any modern shooters out there that fall into that category or is it just a dead sub-sub-genre?
[fallout 3, pick up, deus ex]	I know that this is a very broad range of games, but i thought it would be fun to play through an entire series of games from start to finish. Heres the catch, I generally only play a few hours a week and am looking for something I could beat only playing maybe 15-20hrs a month tops. The platforms i currently have are ps3, psp, DS, and a decent gaming pc from 2010. Some of the series I've already completed recently are uncharted, dead space, borderlands, god of war, devil may cry, diablo, mass effect, darksiders, and half life just to name a few. I want to put further emphasis on only being able to put 45-60hrs into the titles, but i am open to almost any kind of game as long as their is a heartfelt connection with a deep storyline. Thanks in advance!!
[space station, space station]	A lot of RPGs I come across are games where you don't actually play in a role, most of the time they are called RPG just because they have an upgrade system. I am getting bored of games like Skyrim where it says that it is an RPG, but all you can really do is play as someone who fights and you upgrade some skills. Does anyone know of any good games where you actually play a role? I don't really mind if they are boring roles that are non-combat, thats really what I want, a game where I can pretend to be someone else and unwind.
[in your face, serious sam, half-life, kick-ass, mario 1, doom 3]	Historically, I never liked shooters like CS, Halo, Goldeneye (except multiplayer was awesome).  I really enjoyed Deus Ex, however.  I also hate games of the horror genre.  They feel fake and unbelievable to me (same goes for movies).  I do love punishingly complicated and difficult games.  Does anyone have any suggestions?  I realize Linux-only is quite a limited scope.  To be honest, it's possible I won't like anything, but have been bored lately so want to revisit the genre.  (also, I'd rather relatively recent games just because they are prettier)
[dead space, metro 2033, fallout 3]	After playing Bioshock Infinite, i found myself missing the horror elements of Bio 1/2 and System Shock, I started playing all the horror shooters i could think of, and find. I picked up Doom 3: BFG, the suffering 1 and 2, I have a copy of  2 that is like 1/3rd complete that I'm about to finish. And i plan on getting  1 and Condemned 2. Anyone have more suggestions?   Edit: I've played most of the mainstream, this gen successes. I'm looking for maybe older, lesser known games like The Suffering, that not a lot of people played, or remember. 
[the witcher]	My wife works full time and is also going to school and prefers watching me play games over TV/Movies while she is doing her homework because it is less distracting. Right now I'm playing Bioshock Infinite which she loves but am going to be finishing it soon and am trying to decide what is next up on the playlist. First or 3rd person doesn't really matter as long as there is a good story.  She is a fantasy (dragons/wizards and shit) reader and loves games like that. She also like games with a good plot as long as there is action between plot that she can ignore while doing school.   Games we play together when we have time:   * Guild Wars 2 * Torchlight 2 * Diablo 2 (she said fuck it after first play through) * pretty much any 3rd person co-op dungeon crawl     Games I like that she doesn't:   * Black Ops2 - too much random FPS killing * Battlefield 3 - see above  * Walking Dead - actually too much plot to pay attention too * Devil May Cry DMC - too demonic, don't get me started on this one * Borderlands 2 - too distracting, mostly badguys constantly yelling stupid shit * XCOM - she calls it "the stupid game with the lines"     Games I have played in the past that she liked:   * Assassin's Creed 3 * Kingdoms of Amalur * Skyrim * Tomb Raider  * Dishonored * Dragon Age Series * Mass Effect series * Bioshock series * Far Cry 3  What do I play next ? Please help!  EDIT: PC games. I have a Wii and 360 but they havent been touched in a while  Scratch Xenoblade off the list, beat that one too Forgot to add Witcher 2 , Bastion and Psychonauts. We both loved those as well.  
[chivalry: medieval warfare]	As the title says, I'm a big fan of multiplayer but kind atired of the same old multiplayer fare of just regular Team Deathmatch and such. I am open to games with regular TDM and such, but I want unique twists.  Examples are things like Assassins Creed multiplayer, Left 4 Dead versus mode, Natural Selection 2 and to a lesser extent, God of War Ascension's multiplayer. Either something asynchronus between teams in the case of Left 4 Dead and Natural Selection, or something refreshing and different in the case of the other two I've listed.  I am open to any genre and literally any game, PC, 360 or PS3 is fine, but PC is preferred. Aside from a unique multiplayer approach a strong player base is obviously needed.   Thanks for any suggestions.
[hard time]	I'm 17 and I've been playing violent video games since I was 12, but because the Boston Bomber played video games and a handful of other reasons, they took away COD (black ops, MW3), fallout. bioshock and others. I'm pissed and feel like there treating me like a 12 year old. My dad witnessed the bombing actually happen, which seemed to really freak him out I guess (would me too), but now they took away my games saying that the machine guns, and grenades and killing are stupid and never fun or useful. I agree that video games are almost always useless, but I told them that if Call of Duty makes kids violent, then half the nations teens would be shooting people because half the nations teens play violent video games (boys). Violent video games are fun. Just because I shoot people in a game doesn't mean I want to shoot them in real life, but they see it different;y. I really don't care that I don't get to play, but I'm fucking 17 and feel like I'm twelve. There reasoning is stupid too. I could go on forever, but now I feel like I'm just venting my problems to the  I am)  Do you agree with my parents? What should I tell them? Any advice will do.
[mass effect]	I want a game I can get wrapped up in for days and months on end. I'm not into MMORPGs as I simply don't have the time due to various other commitments, but games like Skyrim that I can dip in and out of but will give me really good value for money are absolutely perfect. I have an Xbox 360 and 2011 August 13" MBP, and will be buying a gaming PC over the Christmas holidays this year.  I am totally open to any suggestions, but I would prefer PvE rather than PvP combat. RPGs, FPS' with nice long campaigns or something new are all great, I just want something that I can sink some serious game time without getting bored.
[pick up]	I'm not into very many sports at all but I find american football entertaining. I'd love to play a football video game but when I watch gameplay videos there is so much going on that I just don't understand. I get the general idea but there are lot of intricacies, nuances and strategy I just don't get.  What is the best american football game I can play that will explain things to me? Maybe something with a good tutorial mode. I'm not bothered if it's an older game (in fact I'd prefer that as they drop in price really fast).
[walking dead]	So, I've played Planescape: Torment, Fallout 1+2 and Arcanum (as the only games I can really think of that have the type of dialogue that I admire). I'm really looking for games where choices are not just more than binary, but where a person can explore a whole range of gaming just through dialogue alone. This isn't to say that I just want a game where my choices are 'important' like in Mass Effect, but where I have a lot of gradient scale of variety in my choices ( no choices that are super-bad, super-good or super-neutral).
[deus ex: human revolution, far cry 3, far cry 3]	I finished Far Cry 3 a couple days ago, and for those of you who also have the game, do you think I should sell it and get another game, or keep it for the online multiplayer (something to note is that I bought this game used, so I would have to buy the $10 online pass to be able to play online, BUT.. I do not have another online game to play, such as black ops 2). I loved the game, but I'm not sure how good the online multiplayer is. I was thinking about getting games such as Deus Ex, or Crysis.  TL;DR spend $10 to play online, get $20 towards another game
[lego star wars]	Hey Reddit.   I am going to have my nephew staying with me for 2 days in a few weeks and I am trying to find some fun video games for us to play together. I have a beastly gaming pc that can run anything, but I am looking specifically for something we can sit on the couch and play with controllers.  In the past we have played Trine 2 and Castle Crashers. He seems to like action games, but has a hard time completing them on his own, so co-op games work best.   Does the hive mind have any suggestions out there for me? I am open to anything, but prefer to purchase on Steam or GoG whenever possible. I also have an xbox 360, so if there was something in the arcade that met my needs I would look into it.  Thanks!
[star wars: knights of the old republic, vampire: the masquerade - bloodlines, deus ex: human revolution, anachronox, fallout 3]	Like everyone here, I love video games. I like Fallout, its one of my favourite franchises. I love it for its depth, setting, themes and such detailed lore. I like the idea of RPG's like Fallout. I played through Mass Effect 2 and 3 and enjoyed most of it, but I didn't care for its standard combat.  I would love to get into Skyrim or Final Fantasy but Middle earth or fantasy settings do nothing for me. I find it difficult to get into these universes that are so hard to relate to. I just don't understand the lore at all. I've purchased Skyrim and put 17 hours into it (impressive right) last year but I just really did it to see what the fuss was all about. I didn't care about anything that happened in the world.  So I'm looking for RPG's that share the depth of games like Skyrim but with universes that are more appealing to my tastes. Fallout is my perfect example. Mass effect is an okay example. Any ideas?
[warlords 2]	Ok reddit, i know this is going to be vague as all hell. so, it was a combo disk (from EA i think) this thing was the whole bolo, man, way cool. so, it had battlefield 1942, lionheart: legacy of the crusader and one other game. i need to remember this game. it was a turn based RTS, top down, the best i can remember is it having castles, (if destroyed or succesfully seiged you could raze them or capture) in which you could spawn heroes, there were harpies, humans, ballistas and random dungeons, in which you could fight randomly spawned mobs. i need help, i want to find this game. so please, if you have any knowledge of what the hell im rambling about, put me out of my childhood wrecking misery.
[just cause 2]	So for years, if I feel like unwinding, I'll have a couple of drinks and play [PAIN on the PS3](http:// I feel like it hits the majority of the stuff I'm going for:  * Humorous (the game is absolutely littered with jokes on signage and easter eggs) * Easy controls * Low to no punishment for failure * No chance of sudden scares or required twitch responses * Ragdoll physics * Varied content (and weekly updates to their "Painlabs" beta world, every week for almost five years straight now)  Does this game exist in a vacuum, or is there something else to look at? What is your go-to? I'd heard from someone that Tokyo Jungle was funny, and I guess it is for a few minutes, when you kill a dinosaur with a Pomeranian, but it's just not the same.
[frozen synapse]	I hope this question fits here ...   I have an injury to my index finger on my left hand and will only properly be able to use my (dominant) right hand for a week or so. At the most I can hit space and maybe one other larger key (shift or tab) with my left hand. I also have an X-Box controller that i never use, but is available.  Which of these PC games that I have on my backburner will be easiest and most fun to play predominantly with one hand? If none, please recommend me a cheap or free game to get for this time. Thanks!  * Bastion * Frozen Synapse * Metro 2033 * X-Com Enemy Unknown * The Witcher 1 +2 * Max Payne 3 * Alan Wake * Braid * Hitman: Blood Money * Psychonauts * Limbo * Jet Set Radio HD * Aaaa for the awesome * Hard Reset * Dead Space * To the Moon * Trine 2 * LA Noire * Antichamber * Galactic Civilizations 2  EDIT: I can probably also hit two or three keys next to each other (eg. 1,2,3) with my pinky and ring fingers
[fallout 3]	i like [runescape](http://'s quests/minigames and story. however, i really don't like the massive grind involved, its enough to make me want to quit despite how much i enjoyed the quests. i heard skyrim/fo3/nv was good, ive only played an hour of it and havent done any quests so i dont know much about it. i also heard that games like morrowind and dark souls are better than skyrim.   some criteria:  -important to have *freedom* to do whatever in the game(includes modding)  -as little as possible *mandatory* grinding, ideally none. this includes any arbitrary difficulty thats a pain(as opposed to actual difficulty which makes the game challenging and fun. i cant really think of an example on the spot, hope you know what i mean)  -good quests/minigames, storylines, game world/exploring and content. basically, it must feel like the developers have put in a lot of creative effort to create a world/game, if you know what i mean  -gameplay should be ok at least  -immersive  -have around ~100+ hours of gameplay(if the game is really good, then less is ok, but not less than 10 hours)
[out of this world]	With the recent announcement of "The evil within" I want to play some horror games, keep in mind I'm talking about *survival* horror not action horror (like the atrocity that is dead space 3). I have a ps2/3 and xbox 360 if that helps, I was thinking of something in the vain of the original RE without the shitty controls.  EDIT: Thanks to everyone for the suggestions i'll be doing research on these when I get time, and a special shout out to /u/stork13 for his/her long list of games. Keep being awesome guys.
[battlefield bad company 2, batman arkham asylum, battlefield 3, total war, far cry, civ 4]	Hey everyone,  I'm trying to find a new game to play that is a good value, , that what I pay is equal to the amount of time I play it. A great example would be TF2 which was free and I put in about 700 hours. I also got FO:NV for 10 bucks and played it about 100 hours.   Some games I've beaten and/or enjoyed...  TF2 (loved this, perhaps it was the random drops and ability to craft + free + great userbase)  FO:NV (loved the quests and leveling up, was great considering I got it for 10 bucks)  Bioshock (Got it for like 5 bucks, enjoyed it thoroughly, loved the storyline)  Bioshock II (Really enjoyed this game, the story line was awesome and thought the game was an improvement over Bioshock)  AoE II (played it years ago, just remember really enjoying building through the eras and what not)  Halo (all of them, always enjoyed halo since day one)  CS  (still play it, phenomenal FPS)  Rome: Total War (played it back in college a bit, remember it being a pretty good time)  So as you can see its a bit of a mix, straight up FPSs with no storyline, action horror fps, rpg-fps, real time strategy, etc. The only thing absent is straight up RPG's, that doesn't really interest me.   I'd like Bioshock Infinite but no way am I paying $60, I'll wait until the summer. I've considered buying AoE II (HD) ($20) or AoE III ($27). Other than that, no real idea. I just want something fun, not glitchy at all, and something I can put a handful of hours into and not get tired of quickly. Age is also not of importance. I mean I JUST beat Bioshock I and Bioshock II. And I'm considering AoEII, I believe that's a decade old. A good game is a good game, I don't need insane graphics or the newest game to enjoy it.   Thanks in advance!
[league of legends]	My brother and I love to play multiplayer games together and we are both fairly competitive (in that we like to play against other people). I have played HoN (Around 1700 MMR) since beta and the community has finally destroyed my will to play. Well not quite, but almost there. It is such a toxic game.  This got me thinking; is there a good multiplayer game that is competitive that you can play with 2 people or a game that at least has good community?  To give you some background: we played WoW 2v2 and 3v3 a lot with an old friend. I was alright, but my brother was amazing. He hit Glad a couple times with different teams. WoW PvP is not what it used to be, though. I don't want to make excuses but adding cooldowns and more spells every single expansion has turned it into a bit of a "wait until everything is up and if we don't get a kill try again in three minutes". Pair that with the fact that I don't have time to really play forever anymore now that I am graduated, have other commitments and what not it just doesn't work for us.  We also played SC2, but that game, at least 2v2, gets rather meh (to me). Plus, I'm white so at an extreme disadvantage.  What do you guys play? Is it competitive?  I'm really excited to see the responses! Thanks in advance!  I would also like to add that I absolutely love the game style of HoN. I love the strategy that is employed on a singular level. The game becomes awful, though, when everyone just blames everyone. I've always wondered what % of confrontational, racist and rude people would actually act like that if it was face to face. I put the over/under at around 3%?  Sorry for the rant!
[spec ops the line, heart of darkness, the walking dead, max payne, rockstar]	For starters I should clarify my condition/setting. I don't have a lot of time for games. I don't have a lot of money. I only have a 360 right now. So I have decided to stop waiting for the world to end and just get back into gaming *now*. I'm a Halo fan, so I just got Halo 4 for my birthday and I finally played it. Awesome. (I don't even have xbox live yet, lol)  I am at one point planning to build a gaming PC, but I don't know when that will happen. The reason for this is because I want to play all the Blizzard games (which I never have), and because it is cheaper (right?) to play games that are also on consoles. What console games do you guys recommend I play on the PC? Do you game with a keyboard and mouse? Or Madcatz controller or what?   Anyways, I'm next looking to get the MGS triology (I enjoyed playing MSG2 on PS2 when I had one) because I really don't know where else to go and my huge Sony fan friend is recommending this if I don't have a PS3. But my question is, what essentials am I missing or that I need? (I do one day plan on getting a PS3, LOL!) But realistically I am going to be with my box for a while. And for the PC, how do I go about with the Blizzard games?   I have always been a fan of starting from the beginning, but since I don't have much time for games now which games can I skip out on part 1 and 2's? Like, Blizzard games? I played AC and I liked it. I started playing AC2 when my xbox broke and never got back to it. Now with all of the sequels that have come out I am pretty much too overwhelmed and have lost hope to get back into it.   Please discuss everything! I am cutting this post short because I have to go but I am sure I am missing much more things that I would like to tell you! Thanks!!!
[team fortress 2]	I have put more than 1000 hours into tribes ascend over the past year and a half, and loved every second of it, but i've finally grown bored of it, and the lacking support of the game. So i am now looking for something similar that will fill the gap.   I've recently played BFBC2 and MW2 just to have something to play, and while it can be fun it it doesn't really do it for me, what i'm looking for is a game with high skill ceiling, both movement and twitch reflexes/aiming, with good mapdesign, balance and gamemodes. The closest mw2 and BF comes to that is twitch aiming and quickscoping, not very entertaining in the long run.    I've been thinking about quake live and other similar titles, but i feel im a bit late to the party, those are all small and dedicated communities with competitive players who have been playing for years, a bit hard to get into.    The only real option that i've found so far is shootmania, and while i'm sure it is fun when you get into it, it still looks a bit stale and samey, and would probably grow old pretty fast. And i also like it if there is a more casual side to the game, so i can just jump in and have some fun without going all tryhard mode every once in a while.   This is sort of my last effort to try and find a game that will work for me, it seems impossible to find anything else than military shooters or just more casual, funoriented indie shooters these days. Hopefully Hi-rez makes tribes ascend 2 sometime in the future without messing it up. Any suggestions?
[an awesome game]	There has been a few games set in the pacific theater of World War Two, even though this theater hasn't been as commonly used in the gaming industry as the western front and the eastern front, it surprises me that no one has thought of this as a gamemode in either the multiplayer portion of a game or as a cooperative mode   So, you would  be a Marine in the USMC (You could be a soldier in the ANZAC or a soldier of the British Commonwealth for that matter, but for this example, lets stick to the Marines).  - You would defend a trenchline  - Number of defenders could be anything, dependent on the engine and if this was to be a coop mode or a PvP mode. If this was to be a PvP mode, it could be like a game mode called Infected in Modern Warfare 3 (Before you rant, I do not like Call of Duty games), where one player starts out as the infected, and once the infected kills a survivor the survivor joins the infected team. Of course more than one would have to start out as the infected in my idea, where the infected side would be equal to the Japanese.  - A realistic firefight experience would be a must, because if it was to be arcadish, it would be too hard for the Japanese side to even reach the trench. Overheating of MGs, jamming, slow reloadings, recoil, limited ammo (Maybe even have an ammo share system, like in Medal of Honor: Warfighter, except less arcadish. Or they could have an ammo stash at the rear of the trench-system) etc.  - The Marines would move slower in general, so we wouldn't get any Benny Hill moments where they are simply running away.  - Japanese sides would be armed with  a Type 99 Arisaka with very little ammo, could be one cartridge in the chamber or it could be an entire clip, which in this case would be 5 cartridges/shots. Of course there would be an attached bayonet on the rifle. To create variation there could be an officer armed with a Type 14 Nambu, a Katana and smoke grenades (white).  - Marines would be armed with M1 Garands, M1903 Springfields, M1/A1 Carbines, M1918A2 BARs, M1911s, M1A1 Thompsons, M1897s, Browning M1917s or M1919s etc. They could also have a mortar pit with 1-2 mortars at the rear of the trenchline, with extremely limited ammo.   - Building and preparation? The Marines could be able to fortify their trench by putting up barbed wire etc. But I have not thought of this yet.  - One of the most important things, clumsy yet smooth melee system. Sort of like Red Orchestra 1/2's melee system, except more smooth and less buggy. I have experienced several moments of epicness during melee fights in RO, people have a tendensy to panic once they realize they are about to fight an enemy in hand-to-hand combat, where the key to success is to remain calm and pick your strikes. The Marines would have to equip their Ka-Bar Mark II which would give the Japanese the upper hand both when it comes to reach, striking force and the amount of time it would take before being able to strike. Meanwhile, the Marines would have the upper hand at time in between strikes &amp; stabs.   - No classes! 
[donkey kong country]	Hello All,  I am in the process of compiling a list of the Top 5 Nintendo games from all of the Nintendo Consoles. I love making lists and i enjoy Best of Lists so that if I ever see these games in a pawn shop/flee market i can pick them up. And I know this is going to be very much opinionated but I want to get an idea of what other people believe are the top 5 of each system.    **NES**  * Galaga  * Kirb's Adventure  * RC Pro AM  * Zelda  * Super Mario 3   **GameBoy**  * Super Mario Land  * Kirby's Dream Land  * Tetris  * Donkey Kong  * Final Fantasy Adventure   **SNES**  * Super Mario World  * Super Metroid  * Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past  * Chrono Trigger  * Earthbound   **N64**  * Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time  * Mario Kart 64  * Star Fox 64  * Banjo-Kazooie  * Super Mario 64   **Gameboy Color**  * Pokemon Pinball  * Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Zeasons  * Legend of Zelda: DX  * Shantae  * Dragon Warrior III   **GameBoy Advance**  * Metroid Fusion  * Golden Sun  * Legend of Zelda: Minish Cap  * Final Fantasy VI  * Fire Emblem   **Gamecube**  * Super Smash Bros. Melee  * Paper Mario  * Legend of Zelda: Windwaker  * Metroid Prime  * Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem   **Nintendo DS**  * New Super Mario Bros.  * Mario Kart DS  * Advanced Wars Dual Strike  * Mario &amp; Lugi Bowsers Inside Story  * Legend of Zelda Phantom Hour Glass   **Wii**  * Xenoblade Chronicles  * Super Mario Galaxy  * Resident Evil 4  * Legend of Zelda: Skyword Sword  * New Super Mario Bros.    As you can see this is very much my own opinion but I want to see what your top 5 game from each nintendo console (Obviously i didn't put in the Wii U or 3DS as they are still young in their software life) And I also try and stick with First Party Nintendo games as much as possible as I want to see the top games frome each system. If this is the wrong sub-reddit i apologize i didn't know where else to post.   Please don't downvote if you don't agree on a list someone posted. This whole thing is an opinion so please be respectful  Thanks!  **EDIT:** Formatting
[dark souls]	I've got completely bored of guns recently, and I'm looking for a new game where the majority of combat is close quarters, body etc but not just a fighting game (although I have got Injustice)  For example, something like Arkham City, Dead Island  (yeah some long range stuff thrown in, but mostly physical hitting) I'm not overly keen on fantasy stuff. I get that swords and axes mixed with the odd splash of magic here and there generally hits what I'm after, but not what I'm looking for.  Any suggestions? (for PS3)
[don't starve, stranded ii, game on]	I've been playing on a faction server on Minecraft a lot, just roaming around looting the remains of people's destroyed bases, gathering natural resources. I once spent a week (real-time) roaming around just surviving on the land and exploring.  Are there any games that emulate this experience? I love the ability to not return to base until I'm loaded down entirely with loot. Also, since I generally wear lower levels of armor (actually built leather armor on the move), I run from players in almost every instance. Mobs I have no trouble with--which is another facet that I enjoy.  I love that I am able to understand and mitigate the forces at work against me in Minecraft. I can defend myself with ease against most monsters, and flee from the few that I can't. Any suggestions are appreciated.  TLDR: A game where you explore/scavenge/fight for survival, not necessarily having a base of operations or a goal beyond surviving.
[heavy rain]	Anyone know of any that I'm not already aware of? I included a comeplte list of the ones I know about below. You know what I mean - games like Planescape: Torment or Mass Effect. I'm only counting adventure games where the different choices result in different gamestates, like in the Walking Dead.   **Sandbox**: the games mostly let you go where you want, though often limited in some way  5/5 *Fallout series*, a favorite of mine and a perfect example as you can talk past fights  3/5 *the Elder Scrolls series*, generally doesn't actually have that much dialogue that matters  1/5 *Two Worlds*, I guess there's a questline or two where it forks based on what you say  1/5 *Risen* some very basic choosing different questlines   **Highly Limited Sandbox**: you can go where you want but it's all gated off quite alot  5/5 *Planescape: Torment*, probably my favorite game ever  2/5 *Fable Series* I think Fable 1 was better for this, but basically you only get to choose from being a stereotypical nice guy or being a murderous cruel jerk for little reason   **Hub**: you get to move freely around a small area at a time  5/5 *Deus Ex series*  5/5 *Vampire: Bloodlines*] just started playing it, reminds me of Deus Ex quite a bit  5/5 *KotOR series*  4/5 *Mass Effect series*, fewer less detailed choices  ?/5 *Jade Empire*... I didn't play much of this, I dont really recall. It was pretty prominent right?  **Mission Based**: you get to choose the order of missions somewhat, but you basically have to go through them all in a row  5/5 *Alpha Protocol*  4/5 *Dragon Age series*, very similar to Mass Effect there aren't a ton of choices   **Railroaded**: you have to go straight along the story, but you make choices as you do  5/5 *the Walking Dead*, pretty much the entirety of the game  1/5 *Binary Domain*, very limited, it's mostly a Third Person Shooter but there are different conversations and endings based on how you treat your squad   **18+/Pornographic**: title says it all...  3/5 *Corruption of Champions* is all about choosing between being corrupted into a sex-demon or staying pure in the face of temptation, and keeps track of relationships with individual NPCs   **???**: haven't played them myself, suggested to me already so I plan on playign them  5/5 *Arcanum: Of Steamworks and Magick Obscura*  ?/5 *Baldur's Gate???* I never played it because I was playing Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance and thought it was the same game.  ?/? *Gothic series* not sure  ?/5 *the Witcher series* 
[dark souls]	Looking for a game that has a deep and interesting plot, but more importantly, a game with a fun combat system. Fallout: NV has a good story, but the combat is atrocious. Mass Effect, good story, but feels too whack-a-mole-ish for me. It's hard for me to get into a game for story alone, but it can be a very good accent to a game with a visceral, and exciting combat system. Bioshock: Infinite, amazing story, but the shooting mechanics feel incredibly stale, and the vigors feel gimicky.  The only game that comes to mind is Dark Souls, but I was put off by the stats system. It was a bit too complicated for me, and I'd always be stressed out that I was possibly putting my stat points into worthless attributes.  Anyway, any suggestions would be great. Thanks.
[nexus: the jupiter incident, sins of a solar empire]	Idea of what I'm looking for is kind of vague, which should help broaden the list of possibles.  I'm a PC gamer, I don't have the latest consoles or have any interest in them.. sorry console fans :)  Strategy is the primary interest here, although strategy with the option of occasionally taking control of units in an action type setting (FPS, simulation, whatever) would be interesting too.  Only have a few guidelines on what I'm looking for beyond this.  *Space based *Something a little more "personal" than say.. AI War: Fleet Command.  Perhaps intended to defend a single solar system.  (willing to sacrifice this if it's unrealistic or unavailable)  I've played Homeworld and Homeworld 2, both were enjoyable.  I've also got AI War: Fleet Command.  It just feels a little.. vanilla, which is why I'm looking for other possibilities.  Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated :)    *EDIT: To avoid similar sounding responses all 'round, thanks to all you folks.  Putting all the mentioned games in a list to go over when I have time to research a little.  I'll likely add them all to my list of things to get when I'm looking for something new (granted that list is already around.. 140 items long) but I hope to pick up one or two of these immediately.  Unfortunately I'm down medically (foot issue, waiting for surgery.. joy.  medical bills ho!) so it'll have to be one of the lesser expensive options.  Thanks again!
[amnesia: the dark descent, red faction guerrilla, prince of persia, guerrilla war, falling down, in the dark, scp]	**PC, PSP, PS3, PS2, DS, WII, OR ANY CONSOLE EMULATORS EXIST FOR**    I figured instead of making a bunch of posts asking for games fitting these themes, I'd just combine it all into one. Themes are listed in no particular order. If you can recommend a game fitting any of them, please do!      **1 - Games that would trigger fear of open water, claustrophobia, or fear of heights**    I have an intense fear of open water to the point that swimming more than a short distance in Skyrim makes my skin crawl, so I'm looking for games taking place underwater to trigger that fear. Big, scary sea creatures are a bonus. I'm also claustrophobic and afraid of heights, so I'm also interested in any game that would trigger those fears.    **2 - Psychological horror games**    Pure gore and jumping scares don't do it for me, in movies or games, so I'm looking for real psychological horror games to scare the living crap out of me.    **3 - Open world games**    I have Morrowind, Oblivion, Skyrim, Fallout 3, Fallout NV, GTA VC and SA, and I already know of Far Cry 3. Are there any games I'm missing? Not just for PC, but consoles and handhelds as well.    **4 - RPGs**    Bonus points if it's for PSP or a system I can emulate on PSP (mainly SNES, GB/GBC/GBA). I enjoy playing my PSP while I'm on the elliptical and it's difficult to play games requiring precise button presses while moving. Game mechanics similar to Pokemon (turn- and menu-based combat) are preferable.    **5 - Games with unique gameplay**    I only recently got my PSP so I'm discovering all of the neat games for it for the first time - Patapon, Loco Roco and the like. I really enjoy games like this that deviate from standard gameplay.    **6 - Rhythm games**    I'm currently hooked on Patapon and Taiko no Tatsujin Portable DX. What other rhythm games are out there? I've played all of the Rhythm Heaven games.    **7 - Lesser-known games/your favorite games/whatever you want to recommend**    I'm open to anything, basically. I play all types of games, from FPS to MOBA to puzzle to horror to music to visual novel to platform... *anything*.     Also, anyone know of more games like Bushido Blade that don't have a health bar for combat?
[path of exile]	Me and a friend play a lot of games together, and we're looking for something new to play. No real restrictions to genre or settings, but we prefer games with a lot of combat and action and gameplay mechanics. Complicated games and systems are wonderful. (We have played a lot of Dwarf Fortress, to give you an idea).  We have found many many games by browsing Reddit, but now we're just seeing the same games recommended and, although there are a lot of great looking games on kickstarter, we are looking for something to play right now.  NO MMOs! (Unless they play like a single player or co-op RPG, like Dungeon Fighter Online.)  - Diablo (1-3, including d2 mods like median XL and eastern sun) - GTA (4 &amp; SAMP) - Saints Row (2 &amp; 3) - LoL &amp; Smite &amp; Dota 2 etc. - Dungeon Siege (1 &amp; 2) - Sacred 2 - TES (morrowind, oblivion, nehrim, skyrim. Played "together", but not online) - Orcs Must Die 2 - Titan Quest - Terraria - Minecraft (Tekkit, Hack Slash Mine, FTB, Yogpack, Voltz) - Neverwinter Nights (1 &amp; 2) - Arma 2 (ACE + DayZ) - Chivalry - War of the Roses - Mass Effect 3 MP (I don't like mass effect, at all) - Dungeon Defenders - Dins Curse  (Additional games we played, mentioned via comments)  - Path of Exile - Killing Floor - Borderlands (1 + DLC &amp; 2) - Warframe - Portal 2 - Lara Croft - Guardian of the Light - Trine 1 &amp; 2 - Every Command &amp; Conquer game - Every official Age of Empires game - Most "Age of X" or "Dawn of X" games - Starcraft, Warcraft, Total Annihilation, Supreme Commander, Outpost - Halflife 2 Mods like Garrysmod, Synergy, EYE Divine Cybermancy - Deadspace 3 - Most co-op SNES/NES/SEGA emulators (with online play)  PS: As you can probably tell, we play A LOT of co-op games. There are many not on this list that should be, but I can't recall them.  Thanks for any suggestions!
[dwarf fortress]	I know my best bet is probably Twin-Stick shooters, which I am open to; I just need a few good ones. I would really like a decent RPG though. I am playing on my laptop, and my track-pad basically sucks and my mouse is at home, so I need something to do until I can get it back.  The only game I have at the moment is The Binding of Isaac, which is really fun, but I've already logged a fair amount of time into it, so I am looking for something new.  Any suggestion in any genre is appreciated. I am open to anything. It just needs to be playable with only a keyboard.
[big rigs]	I love awful games. Hilariously awful games. Give me a list of terrible games. Preferably non-ironic terrible games, but I will always accept them. Post links to the game and of gameplay/trailers if possible.  List of Examples:   [FXX Racing](http:// (press W)  [The Zoo Race](http://  [Country Justice: Revenge of the Rednecks](https://  [The Mystery of the Druids](https://  ---  Please no troll posts like "TF2, ME3, CoD, etc."
[this game]	**TL,DR:** *Friends are looking for a summer multiplayer game to play together. Suggestions?*  A group of friends and I are looking for a group game to play on our computers during the upcoming summer break. We'll be across the country - perhaps across the world, at times - and not all of us will have access to top-end machines. Also, we're all looking for slightly different things in this game, but we're keeping ourselves open-minded. We might not all be able to come on at the same time, and there are maybe 10 of us at most.  We could go for a game where we all work together cooperatively towards a goal or where we play competitively against one another; where we play in parallel towards independent or smaller-group goals; where we all play at the same time or where we all play whenever we can get online into some kind of overworld. Not *absolutely* anything, but we're looking for whatever kind of fun multiplayer experience we can get. We have varying skill levels and familiarity with different games, but we're hoping for fun for everyone.  Some ideas that we've come up with, although they don't all strictly adhere to the guides above:  * World of Warcraft/ Other WoW-like MMORPG  * Minecraft  * Pokemon MMO  * League of Legends/Other MOBAs (Heroes of Newerth, DoTA2, etc)  * Starcraft: Brood War/ Starcraft 2  * Diablo III/Other action-RPG (Torchlight, Path of Exile, etc)  * Age of Empires 2 HD/Other "Age of" RTSs (Mythology, or regular AoE2X so that Mac users can play - unless we convince them to bootcamp)  * Team Fortress 2  * Left 4 Dead/2  * Borderlands 2  * Crusader Kings/Europa Universalis III  * Civilization 5  (I suggested giving Monaco a try, although I've gotten no support so far. I also suggested passing around a Dwarf Fortress game, but that's a difficult game to tackle. Also, most of the highly competitive games listed above we'd play just amongst ourselves, although we'd of course look into how we fair against other people.)  So what do you think, /r/Games? Any glaring omissions, or helpful perspectives? We haven't had much time to play games recently, especially not as a group, and we won't have much time to invest outside of this summer.   Right now, parallel Nuzlockes in the Pokemon MMO, Minecraft, TF2, and L4D/2 are our top picks. League is also gaining traction.   *Edit:* Other suggesions:  * SimCity (Mixed feelings about this game, paying into always-on, awful DRM, etc. Also, smaller scope compared to previous SimCity's, but we do get multiplayer, eh?)  * Star Wars: The Old Republic  * Terraria  * Monaco (again, it's back on motherfuckers)
[dota 2]	So my friends and i have been playing League of Legends for over 2 years now, and we're getting kinda bored of it. We occasionally play a game or an ARAM but that's really it.    I've played Starcraft 2 and i really like the game, but I just can't keep myself playing it.    Then in the summer i started playing Guild Wars 2, reached level 40 but got bored after that, it looks like it's just a boring grind of the golden hearts and after that there's nothing to look forward to.  So what i search is a game that i can play with multiple people (3-6, more or less is no problem), preferably with an active community. It would be a bonus if it was F2P, games i found interesting are FireFall (looks really promising), something like Tera/Neverwinter.  Long story short, i'm looking for a game for multiple people, where you can invest a lot of time in (but isn't necessary), and if possible with a competitive/streaming side.   Thanks in advance!   
[pick up, sci-fi]	I see that they're planning on releasing a sequel to the Shadowrun games on SNES and Genesis, with funds from a Kickstarter campaign. I have never played Shadowrun, besides that awful Xbox 360 game, so I don't have experience, whatsoever. But, I have currently gained some interest in this new title and I would like to go back and play the old ones, so I have a good idea what the games are about.     Now, my question is, which one is really the *better* game and *worthwhile* playing game?    From what I have read the SNES version is said to have a better story, superior graphics, great music, etc, but some people still say that the Genesis version is the best. Is this just nostalgia for some people or is the SNES version really the better one? I also head that the Genesis version stay more true to the tabletop  RPG (which I have no experience with.)    Just looking for some heads-up on this. Not too sure of which one to pick up. Any input is welcome    Thanks!    Edit: I'd like to add that I learn more towards story-oriented games. If it's got a good story, then I'm all about it. Also, music. Music is a big thing for me in games.    Update: Picked up Shadowrun for the Genesis yesterday for $30. 
[bioshock infinite, far cry 3]	So first of all I'm not a gamer. I watch my boyfriend playing games sometimes and every now and then I will play but it definitely isn't a hobby for me and I don't know very much about it. His birthday is coming up and I want to get him a game but I have no idea where to start. I asked him what types of games he likes and he said "pretty much anything story driven". When I look at games though, the descriptions on all of them mention a story so I don't know what he means exactly. Whats the difference between a story driven game and a game with a story? Any suggestions or examples?  He has a PS3 by the way! And I think a PS2...
[spec ops: the line]	This isn't a request for me per se. But instead for my boyfriend who I often watch play video games. Not because he forces me or anything like that, I enjoy it very much.  Recently he's re-played Fallout 3 and Fallout New Vegars, the later of two I watched. I also watch him play Farcry 3 and Bioshock as well as Bioshock Infinite. He's really thirsting for something similar to Bioschok Infinite and I'm mostly just interested in a new game to watch him play. Does anyone have any suggestions? We also played the Walking Dead game together so things like that would be cool too.  He most plays on the PC. So I'd prefer suggestions for that.  Also if anyone can suggest some fun Horror Survival games like Amnesia that would also be appreciated... although this suggestion would be for me.
[call of cthulhu: dark corners of the earth, galactic civilizations, grand theft auto 3, ultima underworld, super mario world, super mario bros, metal gear solid, final fantasy 2, super mario rpg, legacy of kain, legacy of kain, resident evil, playstation 2, bushido blade, system shock, castlevania, donkey kong, fight night, dark cloud, this game, dreamcast, homeworld, total war, oddworld, gamecube, katamari, metroid, metroid, metroid, diablo, yoshi, ninja, ninja, xbox, nes]	I'm curious as to what some of you guys' favorite games might be. It can be from *any generation, any console, any genre*, whether it be NES, Saturn, Playstation/+2, Neo Geo Pocket Color, GBA, Wii, *anything*.  I'm always interested in learning about games I haven't heard of and researching them. Looking more towards some lesser-known, *obscure* games that might not have had such a successful release.. love those strange oddities that turn out to be good titles.. so, with that being said, throw some games my way! :P  I'm mostly interested in RPGs, Action-Adventure games and Platformers.  Some of my favorites are:  * Chrono Trigger - SNES * Shadow of the Colossus - PS2 * Silent Hill 2 -PS2 * Mega Man X, X2 and X3 (Those soundtracks!) - SNES * Pokemon Red/Blue - Game Boy * BioShock - PC * Final Fantasy III (VI) - SNES * Ocarina of Time and Majora's Mask - N64 * Resident Evil 2 - N64 * Final Fantasy VII - PS1 * Dark Souls - PS3/PC * Panzer Dragoon Saga - Saturn * Super Mario RPG Legend of the Seven Stars - SNES * Final Fantasy Mystic Quest -SNES * Dragon Warrior Monsters 2 - GBC * Baldur's Gate - PC * Planescape: Torment - PC * Xenogears - PS1 * Conker's Bad Fur Day - N64 * Banjo Kazooie - N64 * Donkey Kong 64 - N64 * Skies of Arcadia - Dreamcast * Bioforge - PC * System Shock 2 - PC * Homeworld - PC    Now, there are a lot more games out there that I really enjoy but I can't think of all of them right now. I will edit them in as I remember.  
[shadow of the colossus, little big planet, metal gear solid, twisted metal, gran turismo, heavy rain, god of war, wipeout hd, motorstorm, killzone, yakuza, daxter, ico]	On the 360, my buying habits are generally dictated by Major Nelson's top 10 games of the week listing, unfortunately the PS3 doesn't have a similar service.  I do not have a list to rely on so I do not know where active player bases remain.    After coming late to the game with Red Dead Redemption on the PS3, I was a bit discouraged for while, but I want to give the system a second chance.  What games should I consider picking up?  I really like online co-op games that place an emphasis on teamwork.  Almost any genre will do, but I generally fallback on shooters, RPGs and racing games.    Note that I already have the following games: Dark Souls Borderlands 2 And anything on PS+ for the past 6 months
[gemini rue]	Hey so I've been playing a lot of Max Payne 1 and 2 since the pack went on sale a couple days ago and I've been LOVING the style and gameplay of the whole thing. Especially in Max Payne 2, there are so many classic film noir tools being used in the narrative and actual visuals of the game that I just can't seem to get enough of. After playing through LA Noire (which was excellent as well, mainly for the style and all of the classic film-noir plot devices and such) I'm wondering if there are any other games that fit into the noir-style that I've been deeply enjoying.  Anyone got any game-noirs?
[stranded ii, quake ii]	The only one I can think of is from Soldier of Fortune 2. That game is now 6 years old and I've never seen anything like it. If you're not familiar with it, it had a few settings but not many. Mission type, location, time of day, diffculity and time limit. The only two mission types I can remember are [Escape](http:// and  [Assassinate](http:// You'd pick your setting and it would randomly generate a level for you to complete. Now the tech for this in 2002 was a bit lacking but it still kept you from knowing exactly where the exit and enimes would be. Does anyone know of anything remotely close to this in a more current game? Maybe in the last 3 years at least? Preferably for PC.
[lots of guns, fallout 3]	I loved:    * Skyrim,  * Red Dead Redemption,  * GTA IV,  * Metro 2033,  * Bioshock 1 (not so much 2),  * Dishonored (loved the gameplay more though),  * Mass Effect 1-3 * Sleeping Dogs ( it was kind of short though) * The Walking Dead (the one by Tell Tale Games) * Dragon Age Origins, and Dragon Age 2 * Deus Ex: Human Revolution  I should mention that I've beaten the first Witcher but having some trouble with playing the Witcher 2 because of the lack of some mods and controls for PC. I can't do one of the simple mini games ( I think it was the arm wrestling one?) at all and apparently other people had problems with it. In these kind of games I like to be a perfectionist (did every single mission and quest in skyrim). I don't know why but it turned me off from that game so much even though I heard such great things about it. 
[star trek]	I played X3 Albion Prelude for a while, but got bored of it because after awhile it just seems to go nowhere. I also bought Sins of a Solar Empire, but got bored of that pretty quickly (not really feeling RTS's at the moment). The concept of Space Station 13 seems pretty interesting, but I don't think I'd enjoy playing a game with those kind of graphics.   I guess what I'm looking for is some sort of game that has a Star Trek esque feel to it. Like being able to captain your own ship, upgrade it, explore a large galaxy, etc etc. So far the closest thing I could find on my own has been X3 AP.   Any ideas?   *Not really an edit, but after typing this out I looked up a game called "FTL: Faster Than Light" and that game seems to have a lot of the elements that I want in a game, but like Space Station 13, I don't think I can get past the graphics/game style. 
[temple of elemental evil, icewind dale, icewind dale]	One of my favorite things about Final Fantasy (I through IIIj) was that I could fully control my party as far as their equipment and classes. RPGs where I control a party (Dungeon Siege II, Dragon Age, NWN2, etc) are my favorite, but I really wish I could have more of a say in all of my companions' skills, attributes, and equipment, instead of having to choose which companions to take. Are there any (good) RPGs or action-RPGs from the last decade that would sate my control issues?  (Squad/party games from other genres, like X-Com, are welcome too.)
[tropico 4]	I typically enjoy medieval/fantasy RTS games...  I've played:   * Age of Empires * Age of Empires Rise of Rome * Age of Empires 2 * Age of Empires 2, Conqueror's Expansion * Age of Empires 3 * Supreme Commander 1 * Supreme Commander, Forged Alliance * Supreme Commander 2 * Age of Mythology * Age of Mythology the Titan's Expansion * Knights of Honor * Warcraft 1 * Warcraft 2 * Warcraft 3 * Medieval: Total War * Rome: Total War * StarCraft  * StarCraft 2  I'm looking for more. I was hoping Kings and Castles would come out, but its development has been halted so far. Last I heard it K&amp;amp;C is was put on hold pending the completion of Gas Powered Games role in the development of AoE online, but even after the game was finished, K&amp;amp;C has remained on hold D:  Edit:  I've actually played the following as well:  * rise of nations * shogun 2: total war  xD just forgot to mention them. 
[heart of darkness*, spec ops: the line]	I am an offline only guy for the time being and despite growing up with counter-strike and Mouse+Keyboard combo I actually dont mind FPS games with a controller. I've been trying to narrow down which genre of game I actually enjoy after spending money on games I do not enjoy and the one thing I require more than anything is a good story. Playing Dark Souls or GTA for me is pointless I am just not motivated to keep going. I love Uncharted and have Bioshock Infinite and Tombraider on the way here.  So action-adventure games I am a fan of, but I also enjoy the twitch adrenaline rush of FPS games. Reading some reviews of the new CoD and Far Cry 3 the story doesn't seem to be a plus to either game. How about Resistance, or Kill Zone or Crysis? Are there any Shooter/FPS games with solid campaigns that are worth playing the singe player only for?   I rent games through GameFly but I still don't wanna waste a game slot on a game not worthy of single player time. I also am a PS3 and 3DS gamer not 360 gamer but feel free to discuss anything.
[don't starve]	Here are the few that I've played a lot and a brief comment about each. But where do I go from here?  Minecraft - is tits of course. Slap on tekkit for some serious industrial scale shenanigans, the possibilities are endless.  Dwarf Fortress - Perfect except for the fact that deep down you know your computer will crap out if you try and do something cool, and even playing it safe it's only a matter of time until the lag starts. This is the end-all-be-all of base building games.  Kerbal Space Program - omfg so good. If only the attachments for space stations were more stable. Add in some sort of resource management/gathering and I would lose another month of my life to it.  Cataclysm (the zombie roguelike) - Awesome game, the only real zombie apocalypse game that I know of besides DayZ. The rest are all fps/puzzle/arcade/story based bullshit. I played an awesome flash based one a while ago called dead frontier but the developer killed it by changing the zombies into "monsters".  DayZ - The best survive/scavenge game I've ever played, hackers killed it dead though.  And that's it, no point looking at Minecraft clones or dumbed down base building games those two are basically the pinnacle of their respective arenas. After DayZ and cataclysm any other already existing sandbox survival game (if one even exists) would only be a let down. I would absolutely love a space game where I could build my own ships and scour the universe for resources to build a bigger ship etc. It sounds like notch is working on something like that but aside from shores of whatever it is (which is too buggy to play) they don't exist yet.  So now what?
[jade empire, mass effect]	I'm looking for a good action adventure rpg, that's not 2d, not a turn based system or even worse, a hybrid.  I don't mind a certain level of linearity, but I can't stand running down a linear corridor, a la FFXIII.  On the other hand, I really don't want to play Grand Theft Auto or Skyrim with powers, a la inFamous or, you know, Skyrim.  I'm thinking along the lines of Megaman Legends, Dark cloud, most Zelda games, Legend of Mana(technically isometric but w/e), Kingdom Hearts, or Dark Souls.  I really like deep crafting systems, lots of secrets, difficulty, deep stat systems, and prefer good characters to good plots if I had to choose. These are all just bonuses toward anything that fulfills the rest.  Pretty specific, don't know if too many games like this exist, but anything helps, thanks.
[deus ex: human revolution, hacker evolution, system shock, hacknet]	I'm looking for a cyberpunk game, preferably one with some kind of hacking.  I've played through and enjoyed Uplink, but once you get past banks there's not much of anything to do.  Compilation of suggestions:  * [Hacknet](http:// (Typing Hack Sim)  * [Shadowrun Returns](http:// (Isometric RPG)  * [EYE: Divine Cybermancy](http:// (FPS/RPG)  * [Deus Ex](http:// (FPS/RPG)  * System Shock (FPS/RPG)  * [DECKER](http:// (Roguelike)  
[cave story]	Title says it. I'm looking for some Steam games I could play over an extended trip with a download size of 500MB per-game or less (limited bandwidth, but I could push 1GB). I prefer platformers, beat 'em ups (side-scroller or 3rd-person) and TBS/RTS, but I'm open for other suggestions.  Games I already have:  * **Bastion** - the gameplay lacked... impact. Like the player character is hitting air. * **They Bleed Pixels** - any more games in this retro style? * **Puddle** -  Another physics-based game would be nice. * **Vessel** - Not a big fan of steampunk but I actually enjoyed it. * **Braid** - The art style and atmosphere didn't click with me. Please don't suggest similar games. * **Sacred Citadel** - Fun but painfully short. * **DLC Quest** - I think I'm up for another 4th-wall-breaker if there is one. * **Endless Space** - I'd get the other games by the developer, but they're just as huge. Anything similar? * **VVVVVV** * **Super Meat Boy** * **Evoland** - I might consider another light RPG.  **EDIT:** I'd really appreciate it if you included the download size in you suggestions.
[playstation]	I recently bought a PS3, and after spending two weeks trying to get used to the Dual Shock controller, unfortunately i cannot. My hands start cramping after playing for longer than an hour, i just do not find the controller layout comfortable.   However the 360 controller is fine for me (probably because i have been using one for playing PC/360 games for years), and have no problems using it for extended periods of time.   I recently bought this: http://  Unfortunately it is more or less junk, i get random delays when playing games and its extremely frusturating. So i was wondering if there is anything else? If it is a third party controller (apparently Razer made a 360 controller that works with the PS3 but i cannot find it for sale anywhere), or an actual decent adapter. Any suggestions?    
[we are, lol]	I've gotten pretty bored of my current games. Some of the games that almost fit the bill which I've gotten bored of or tried:  * Tribes: Ascend * Chivalry: Medieval Warfare * Planetside 2 * Forge * Dota 2 * DayZ * Natural Selection 2 * Left 4 Dead 2 * Counter Strike: Global Offensive * Civ 5 * TF2  I might be willing to retry some of those, but it would take some convincing.  I've played MMORPGs in the past, but they have gotten old and repetitive, especially since I'm only willing to play F2P mmos for the most part. Another big issue with this is that I have to be able to get at least one of my friends playing the game, too. Thanks for any suggestions.
[battlefield 3, killzone 3, starhawk]	My exercise is directly tied to my gaming thanks to my setup, and I tend to favor multiplayer modes over single-player campaigns, as I get more time out of them.  I usually spend a couple weeks on a game's multiplayer until it becomes boring or I reach the maximum level. Right now I'm beginning to tire of the 'Tomb Raider' MP, and before that I maxed everything out in the 'Anarchy Reigns' MP. I'm now looking for a game with fun multiplayer that will last me a while. Ideally the game would be somewhat new so it still has an active community ( matchmaking won't take forever). Suggestions would be appreciated.  TL;DR: Games with good, active multiplayer and multiplayer longevity, PS3.
[dark souls]	I'm looking to satisfy a vibe I felt in childhood while playing NES/SNES era games.  I used to be enthralled with the background graphics of games, especially if there was parallax scrolling. Of course I'd pay attention to the action on the main layer, but my imagination would often wander into the blackness behind trees, or down dark alleys, etc. I wanted to know what secrets those places held. And you could never go there.  I was recently watching someone play Castlevania IV for SNES, and was reminded of these feelings. The Castlevania series was always great for eliciting this sense of wonder. The background graphics are creepy and curious to a fascinating degree.  I know that I wasn't alone in feeling this, and I figure that some modern devs have created games that work to satisfy this itch of curiosity in some manner, so I'd like to know of any games that attempt this. The only game I can think of that seems to do this is FEZ, but there must be more. Any suggestions?  And yes, I understand why it would be a lot of work to allow layered exploration, but the point isn't full exploration, but simply that a dev has clearly tried to explore and satisfy this particular imaginative wandering to some degree.
[path of exile, minecraft, diablo 2]	I can't afford to spend a lot of money buying new games every week right now (bout to be a junior in college so I need to save money for books and clothes for job interviews 'n' shit), so I'm looking for a PC game (or franchise) that I can really sink my teeth into and will keep me occupied and entertained for a good long while. I'm willing to entertain any sort of game, MMO, sports game, shooter, whatever.  Just to give you an idea of what I've played and my tastes and whatnot:  * I've played most AAA releases over the past 5+ years or so (Skyrim, Tomb Raider, Bioshock 2 and Infinite, Fallout New Vegas and Fallout 3, Borderlands 1 + 2, D3, and a lot of others), but I've gotten bored of them * The Mass Effect series is probably my favorite franchise of all-time * I have Guild Wars 2, but I'm not a big fan of it (too much of a departure from the first one for my liking) * Played a lot of Diablo 2 when I was a kid, but the 3rd one is too imbalanced and the classes are too boring for my taste * I played League of Legends for around a year, but I sucked and the community is filled with total d-bags so I quit because it wasn't worth the stress/frustration, and I have no interest in playing it again * I have Civ and I play it fairly regularly, but it's too dry for me to be able to sit there and play it non-stop for weeks  Hit me with your suggestions!
[eve online]	I found myself missing old mmorpg's like Helbreath, Ultima, and Lineage2 for the following reasons (each one had some of these):  - PK or criminals (a player that kills other players, his name becomes red, etc). The last two mmorpg I tried, I realized too late that they didn't have PK's. Games are too noob-friendly these days. - Level matters. I've been playing Guild Wars 2 and it's awesome, but in PvP everyone is the same lvl, everything is too balanced, so it's more like an online arena, which is not what I want. Abusing noobs can be fun sometimes, and also is fun having to run from the nerd of the server eventually. - You didn't have to choose a class, you could shape your character any way you wanted, by assigning points to different stats or by training different skills.  What games with at least two of these features that are being played right now would you recommend? 
[tribes: ascend]	Its an intentionally broad category.  Looking for a multitude of suggestions.  I enjoy pitting my skill against others in 1v1 and team setting across most genre's (Don't much care for horror or sports, though there are exception).  I'm looking for games that allow for that.   Some examples that I already enjoy:  Starcraft I &amp; II  Homeworld 2 (complex mod)  Dark Souls  Battlefields  Counter Strike  Team Fortress 2  WoW  Guild wars II   SW: the Old Republic  If I had a wii and wasn't completely incompetent with a controller I would love Smash Brothers.  Same for xbox (360) and the Halos.     Some that I know of but am not interested in:  Call of Duty  League of Legends  Dota2     Thanks  Edit: Also, the higher the skill cap the better.
[mark of the ninja]	Hey there, I'm a fan of games but to this point I got kinda bored of what I was playing and I am currently waiting for a beta key for Infinite Crisis. While I wait I am looking for some games to play. Question is that I don't know what game to play.  Let me try and explain the kind of game I'm looking for.  I like to play Hitman trying to be a ghost, I like to never trigger an alarm on Splinter Cell and I loved playing Deus Ex quietly until I got to a map where there were a lot of huge robots and tons of soldiers, sneaking wasnt cutting it so I stopped - although i'm going to give it another chance.  Basically I like games where you can decide how to solve the situation, which for me is always the sneakiest way. Dishonored was also a great game for me, I really enjoyed it.  I tend to like slow paced shooters. Most games start out giving you a handgun and 2 minutes later you have a high end machine gun and shoot all over going berserk. I prefer a game where I keep the handgun and do things more quietly and strategically.  I also love exploring and having a big open world map to explore giving some immersion to the game.  Can anyone point me to several games with one or several of those characteristics?  All suggestions are welcome and thanks in advance.
[age of wonders , dungeon keeper, dungeon keeper, dawn of war, dawn of war, warcraft 2, fallout 3, fallout 2, kotor]	Starcraft 2 &amp; 1  Portal 1 &amp; 2  Mount and blade all  SWEAW Gold pack  SW Battlefront 1 &amp; 2  Mafia 1 &amp; 2  Rome total war  NFS Mostwanted 1  NFS Carbon  Diablo 2 &amp; 3  Bioshock 1 (didnt like it)  Dirt Series  F1 Series  AC 1 &amp; 2 &amp; Brotherhood (didnt like the rest)  Spore  Darkspore  The godFather 1 &amp; 2  Gothic 3  Civilization 5  Simcity 4  Borderlands 1  Supreme commander  C&amp;C Generals &amp; ZH  C&amp;C 3  Race The WTC Game  Rage  Fallout 3 &amp; NV  COD 1 &amp; 4 &amp; 6 &amp; Blackops  Battlefield 2 &amp; 2148 &amp; 3 &amp; Bad Company 2  Frontlines   KOTOR  Age of Empire Series  Heroes Over Europe  Company of Heroes Series  Heroes of Might and Magic IV  Demigod  Dead Island  Hitman Series  Farcry 3   Max Payne 3  Darksouls  Omereta City of Gangsters  OddWorld 1 &amp; 2 &lt;3  KSP  Half Life Series  Left 4 Dead 2  Faster Then light  GameDevTycon  sleeping Dogs  StarSector  Shogun 2 Total War  Tomb Raider Series  Pokemon Fireleaf &amp; emerald  Tropico 4  Dead Space 2  Flatout 2  LOL  DOTA 2  CS Series  Homefront  sniper Ghost Warrior  SPAZ  MineCraft  Skyrim  Crysis 2  GTA Series  The Sims Series  Prototype 1 &amp; 2  Man of War Series  Genre or Age Dosen't matter.
[final fantasy, lost odyssey]	Something like the combat systems of Final Fantasy X, The Legend of Dragoon, or MS Saga: A New Dawn (Turn based, turns being dependent upon unit speed, but when it's your turn, it's your turn, take all the time you want to think).  I would settle for an ATB or a strategy RPG, but I think I've just about exhausted all of those (Final Fantasy, Disgaea, Fire Emblem, being the most obvious just off the top of my head).  I really just like good old-fashioned turn based combat, but I'd rather play a modern game and get some use out of the systems I have as more than just an expensive emulator.  Good plot would be very helpful, but "good" can be a pretty open ended thing.  Fantasy, Sci-Fi, Medieval, really, just about any setting is ok with me if the characters or plot are interesting, and I have no problems with cliche.  Multiple endings/dialogue choices are a plus, but not important.  I remember playing Lord of the Rings: The Third Age as a rental years ago, and I'm trying to find it again, but that's pretty much my only lead at the moment.  System preference for PS3, PC, 3DS, or Vita, but I have a 360 and a Wii if that's where the good RPGs are at now, as well as most older systems (though newer is preferable here.  I want reassurance the genre isn't completely dead, reliving the glory days doesn't help that).  Definitely NOT looking for an Action RPG.  I love a few of them, but it's not what I'm wanting.
[x3: albion prelude]	I'm looking for a game that plays sort of like EVE Online, but offline (I have a newborn and my ability to commit time to an MMO is limited). Specifically, I like this about EVE:  * The large universe * The fitting system (various viable weapon sets, limited ability to equip on a given hull, etc) * The economy (I recognize an offline game won't have the same kind of economy as the MMO does, but I'd like an in-depth economy where I can buy a ship, or I can collect the mats needed to build one, etc).  The rest is whatever, but these are the three things I'm most interested in trying to find offline.
[team fortress 2, garry's mod, half-life 2, goldeneye]	My brother and I grew up playing video games together. Now that we are both older and live so far away, we can't play console games together anymore and have been playing steam games. We really enjoy Left 4 dead 2 and portal 2. We also have modern warfare 3 that we'll occasionally play. We are looking for another game, but don't have money to drop on duds. What games should we get?   Also, being a primarily console gamer my pc sucks and will occasionally lag, so nothing that is so much my game just constantly lags. Thanks. 
[guild wars 2, neverwinter]	Hi, I am looking for a new mmo to play. I used to raid competitively in WoW, was in a US top 100 guild in CATA. We lost some players at the end of that, and the replacements we got sucked bad. TLDR- I stopped playing because I didnt want to carry bad players through easy content.  I am looking for a new mmo, preferably F2P without Pay to win. Something that does not require me to be in a group in order to get good gear, kinda like Diablo, I can level up and feel more powerful just by going solo and not having to rely on random idiots.   Does this game exist?
[shadow of the colossus, shadow of the colossus]	I don't even specifically want a puzzle game. I just want a game that captures that feeling in Braid, it doesn't treat the player like an idiot but it still doesn't screw the player over. Kind of like portal I suppose.   What especially interests me though is the story, something you aren't spoonfed. Not like those cheesy typical video game stories where they tell you explicitly how you should feel and then you kill the big bad evil. I want something that challenges me to think. Something that has relevance outside of a video game setting.
[guild wars 2]	Hey bitches! So I come here today because I have a rather specific question.  I'm looking for an MMO to play that has a certain kind of class in it. My favorite MMO was World of Warcraft, but there's a class in Everquest 2 that I simply *loved* that I haven't been able to find in any other MMO.   Illusionist/Coercer  For the unwashed masses, Illusionists and Coercers deal with crowd control, mana regeneration, buffing, and redistribution  of threat levels. I've found this concept to be totally unique and I've been hoping to see newer MMOs try out this concept. Unfortunately I have come up with nothing. I'd be super appreciative if one of you good folks would be able to point me in the right direction. Thanks and take care!
[radical dreamers, radiant historia, chrono trigger, chrono cross]	So, I really loved Chrono Trigger when it first came out in the 90s.  Back then, there was no follow-up.  I recently finished playing the DS remake, and now, knowing that there is a sequel, I decided to look into it.  From what I've seen, the sequel seems... odd.  I've never been a fan of sequels that just tarnish the memories of the first game (I will never forgive Golden Sun: Dark Dawn for existing).  From what I've seen, there's a lot of parallel timelines and stuff going on in the second game, and the world seems totally different, despite being on the same world (I think?)  So, for those who played Chrono Trigger, did you enjoy Chrono Cross?  What did you think?  
[city builder, the guild 2, out there]	What I'm looking for are games that are set in a town/city that you can explore form a society standpoint. Some examples of what I'm talking about are as follows:   - The parts of Deus Ex:HR in which you are free to roam the city and do side missions  - The beginning part of Chronicles of Riddick: Escape from Butcher Bay in the cell block   - The completely In-Town quests in the TES/Fallout games  - The Shanty Town parts of Metro 2033  - Vampire The Masquerade: Bloodlines, all of it.  What I'm not looking for:   - Games like GTA (Yes, it has the city elements but I'm looking for something with more immersion, preferably first person)  I've played many games so I apologize in advance if I shoot a suggestion down because I've already played it.   Thanks ahead of time for any suggestions you give whether they help or not.
[world of warcraft, the secret world, the secret world, guild wars 2, star trek, out there, endgame, endgame, ff11, tera, tera]	So, there are a lot of threads about free MMORPGS... but what abotu pay ones? I am willing to spend some $$$ every month if I am going to actually play the game. The only MMORPGS I have ever played are Everquest maybe 10 years ago and Runescape 5 years ago.   Here is what I know:   World of Warcraft - Still going strong? Probably my best choice.   City of Heroes - Very good for character customization another good choice?   Star Trek Online - Not a very good MMORPG, but I am a Trek fan and probably should play it.   The Old Republic - This seems to be good, too?   Final Fantasy 11 - I have heard bad things about this game.   Are there any ones that I am not thinking about here? Any off the beaten path MMORPGS? Maybe ones that are not as conventional in the fantasy realm? I would like to pick one and stick with it. 
[the walking dead, adventure games, machinarium, out there]	im tired of killing shit 99% of the time, and the other 1% being madden, simcity or some racing game.  if you dont mind, just go down your steam library and name any game you liked that isnt based around killing shit with guns/swords etc,(that would include spells/bows/fighting games and the like), or sports/ racing games and city builders. yes, i realize that probably eliminates 99%-100% of most people libraries, but thats the point. its really that other &lt;1% im curious about.   a couple good examples would be kerbal space program and sims3.
[animal crossing, pokemon ranger, playstation, mario kart]	I bought a DSi because I've heard a lot of good things about it and its amazing game lineup. However, I haven't really found too many games that strike my eye, (granted I haven't tried too many either). I'm not quite sure I'm into the experimental games which might warrant me selling this console for that reason alone. I am not a fan of using the stylus as it feels a little outdated and isn't easy for me to use, but also because the way it is used. Clicking on games feels too old, and isn't as satisfying for me as tapping a button. It's awkward for me  to hold both the device and the stylus for me since I have big hands.  I've tried the rhythm games and found them too hard. They demand practice, and I rather just have fun without being perfect. Contra 4 was way to hard as well. Pokemon was fun in elementary school but it's the same game and I don't have friends to battle with. Sick of the mario games.  Advance war's kiddy dialogue, and well most rpgs I've seen, (world ends with you- cheesy dialogue for me) get bothersome. I'm a writer and avid reader so I might pick up more on cliches and be more sensitive to this stuff than most.   I guess I bought this console looking to play some good handheld games that I could pick up and play to have fun with. I liked a zelda game I played, but I didn't like how I always had to use the stylus.  It also seemed to lack depth in story and general feel of the game.   Are there many good games for this console that don't require a lot of stylus use and utlize more traditional controls, and therefore gameplay?( by traditional I mean similar to gameboy) Lately I've been considering arcade games ( puzzle fighter, loved that on gameboy but not sure if it's on Ds), games like harvest moon or animal crossing. 
[torchlight 2]	I am looking for suggestions and games to look into for playing this summer. I do NOT have an Xbox 360, or a PS3, Primarily looking for PC games.   What am I looking for? Sandbox games are especially fun. I want a game that I can control the pace of. No true story lines, more of a strategy game that I can really put some time into rather than rush through. Something with a monetary strategy element, and definitely something I can 'level up' with. Also, I enjoy building and creating.  I was really big into runescape (2004-2009 was the shit) and I found that I really liked a smaller game called Terraria for its building element. Looking for something like either of those where I can take my time. I've thought about sim city 5 but after the recent blunder I've refrained. Would prefer something with online gameplay, but not necessary.  If you have any suggestions or ideas, let me know! Much appreciated!
[assassins creed]	Hey there,   I'm looking for a game with a world that really feels alive. Which means - I don't want to run through abandoned sewers, dark castles in the middle of nowhere or creepy caves - I want to be around as many non-hostile NPC characters as possible, as often in the game as possible.   So: no Metro 2033. No Bioshock 1/2. No Fallout 3.   Instead, imagine a shooter taking place in a busy city. An RPG that constantly leads you to crowded, lively towns.    Games I enjoyed: GTA 4. Sleeping Dogs. Most likely I'll love Watchdogs  for obvious reasons.   Any suggestions? Thanks in advance! 
[age of mythology, warcraft 3]	I'm playing through Company of Heroes right now and it really has me itching for a well-produced and exciting campaign. CoH's campaign is one of the better ones I've played, at least so far, but it still doesn't quite satisfy me in terms of depth.  Most RTS games don't even try with campaigns, they're just a bunch of custom scenarios with a weak plot to connect them. I can see why developers would do this when the main focus is usually multiplayer, but I've never really enjoyed playing RTSes online.  Are there any RTS games that have a campaign with a really deep story?  Edit: I also have a crappy laptop so nothing too recent will work.
[xbox, xbox]	I'm just going through my third pair of turtle beach x12's, and I take care of them. The problem is that they're really fucking unreliable. The reason this pair is screwed up is because the wires kept twisting and then I tried to untwist one, and now there's a constant buzzing sound and normal sound only comes through one ear. It's a nuisance, and I'm honestly tired of turtle beach headsets. What's the best headsets that I can buy that aren't turtle beach?  **TL;DR:** Third pair of turtle beaches now shot, looking for a good headset that isn't turtle beach. What do you guys suggest?       
[neverwinter nights, icewind dale 2, baldur's gate, nwn 2, nwn 2, bg2, bg2, wc3, dnd, dnd, dnd]	Which were the best games in the series? Why did you like them? I'm looking for thoughts and opinions as I jumped on the $20 for 10 D&amp;D games deal on GOG awhile back. It's highly unlikely I'll ever play all 10 games, but if I get a good time out of even two I'll be happy.   If it matters, I played through and beat Baldur's Gate and Icewind Dale when they originally came out. Icewind Dale was one of my 2 or 3 favorite games of that era, but less than 2 weeks later Diablo 2 came out and I got hooked on that for a couple years and never got around to BG2 or ID2. Part of me sort of wants to play BG1 and ID1 for the memories, then hit the sequels, but another part of me thinks I'll never actually get around to playing the sequels and I should start with games I've never played. Maybe it's best to leave those as fond memories and hit up the newer games first? I've heard Planescape is unique and worth a try. I've never played the Neverwinter Nights games, are they the best by default as the newest? Can those be played with no internet connection? I thought they were sandbox games.   Here's the complete list of games in the series:  -Icewind Dale Complete  -Icewind Dale 2 Complete   -Baldur's Gate: The Original Saga   -Forgotten Realms: Demon Stone   -Temple of Elemental Evil   -Planescape: Torment   -Neverwinter Nights: Diamond Edition   -Neverwinter Nights 2: Complete   -Dungeons &amp; Dragons: Dragonshard   -Baldur's Gate 2 Complete   
[island adventure, hello kitty]	Don't say WoW. I tried many raids in raid finder. Nope, hardest thing i've done in my life.  I expect massive critic here, as my opinions usually have. OK, here i go.  I have tried like half my life to find an MMO which is easy. WoW, AoC, LOTRO,  the raids are so hard. "You don't have to raid, idiot." Yes you  me it is part of the game. It is the final boss.  I am tired of these MMOs where you need the achivement from the raid BEFORE doing it. I am tired of MMOs where you need good gear to do raids, but you need to do raids TO GET good gear?  I am open to ANYTHING. Does not matter if it is space or  just want't to be able to do raids.   And before you said "Find a guild." I  in AoC and LOTRO. Everyone was super nice, but i still could not do it due to all the hard stuff..pulling, aggro, healing and so on...  Not everyone likes a challenge. Do you like a challenge? GOOD. That is fine, i respect your opinion! But I do not like it. So please help 't comment on how i am "wrong", it is my  can have hard raids, i don't care. I respect you. But i do not want it...  So PLEASE: Don't comment on how i am wrong or a fucking  comment if you know some MMOs that are easy. That's it! If you don't know, don't post! Simple as that.
[plants vs zombies, thomas was alone, world of goo, medieval 2, war games, total war, kotor]	Basically I never finish ANY game because I get incurably bored of them once I feel I've seen everything the game has to offer me.  I can't finish Bioshock Infinite because pure (single player) FPS games are boring as hell to me.  The entirety of their mechanics/tricks-of-the-trade are introduced to you in the first 5 min (actually... make that 20 years ago) and the only thing pushing you from then on is the story.  I can't finish a Total War campaign anymore because once I've seen a faction's interesting units I don't have any motivation to continue.  I couldn't finish Dishonored because once I toyed around with most of the abilities I realized the only thing left was to plod through the missions.  And they were alright, but nothing groundbreaking.  The story was the usual video-game-dross that has been done a million times over in other mediums.  I couldn't finish Skyrim because.. well it sucked overall.  But I couldn't finish it once I hit around level 30 and I realized there was no challenge and no big, groundbreaking new gameplay elements for me to discover.  I had my magic, I had some crazy armors, I had some crazy weapons, and I've seen dragons/dragon priests, most of the game world, etc.  So I think the problem is that once I've seen a game's novel elements and all that's left for me is to complete the game for completion's sake, I just can't will myself to do it.  Are there any games that don't have this problem?  Are there any games that introduce genuinely new mechanics/aspects throughout the story, so that I can finally finish a game?   Also, and this isn't THAT important, but are there any NEW games that fall under this category?  I bought this great gaming pc and all I do is play old shit like KOTOR, SNES/PS1 ROMs, etc. for nostalgia's sake because most modern games bore the hell out of me.  edit: I think games with steady loot progression and ability progression (especially abilities that introduce new mechanics or have novel applications) are more enticing to me (but NOT Diablo 3 ffs).  Those are games I've been able to complete with more regularity.
[dead rising 2, fear 3, fear 3]	Hello fellow cave-trolls.  Keep those window blinds shut and restock your Dorito stashes because it's summertime and finals are finally over!  I've been abusing Reddit's search function looking for good co-op games and thought I would make a thread of my own in hopes of coming across a few titles not commonly mentioned.    Yes, I know about co-optimus.  A long-time gaming buddy and I are looking for gaming suggestions regarding our summer co-op playlist.  We are interested in pretty much anything with co-op ***campaign*** support.  Single player games with co-op mods are also acceptable.  Please keep suggestions limited to games supporting either online co-op or games where LAN programs such as Tunngle can be used to play co-op online.  Also, no "multiplayer" games such as MMORPGs, MOBAs, or RTS.  ***A few games we have already played that come to mind:***  * Titan Quest  * Hunted: The Demon's Forge  * Borderlands 1  * Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light  * Dungeon Siege titles.  * Trine 2  * SWTOR (Basically a single player co-op game and our only MMO exception thus far)  * L4D 2 (totally spaced this one)   ***Games we are already considering:***  * Borderlands 2  * Dead Island  * Half Life 2 + mods using Synergy  * Rainbow Six: Vegas 2  * Saints Row the Third  * Torchlight 2  * Portal 2  * Dead Space 3  * Payday: The Heist  * Kane and Lynch games  * Resident Evil 5  * Resident Evil: Operation Racoon City  * Killing Floor  * Splinter Cell: Conviction  Co-op campaign missions  * Path of Exile  (Diablo-like)  * Baldur's Gate 1+2    * Icewind Dale 1+2  * ~~Dead Rising 2~~    *(bad port apparently)*  * FEAR 3    *(may be too short)*   ***New titles added to the list (updated when I have time):***  * Monaco: What's Your's is Mine  * Neverwinter Nights 2  * Magicka  * Alien Swarm
[hotline miami , spelunky , vvvvvv , xbox]	My absolute favorite game that I have played so far is Dark Souls. I have spent more than 1200 hours on it, but I find that even when I haven't gotten bored of it yet, I would like a few other games to play before I get bored with Dark Souls.  One major part of Dark Souls I enjoyed (and enjoy in any game) is that it didn't patronise me. It didn't tell me what I was going up against, and didn't hold my hand throughout the entire game. You can't even pause the game. I love this. Plenty of modern games nowadays will hold your hand in places where it thinks you will struggle, and some games even go so far as to not let you into a difficult area because it is simply not confident in the player's abilities.  Another part of Dark Souls I enjoyed was how deep it was. Something a lot of modern games fail to capture your attention for more than a few months (ahem, Call of Duty), yet Dark Souls held my attention for a year (and counting).  I also love difficulty in games. I hate to brag, but I do consider myself, within reason, to be pretty good at Dark Souls. I would not consider myself a "hardcore" gamer, but I have found that difficulty is relative. Would Dark Souls be considered hard if all games were as hard as Dark Souls, and it's difficulty was what most people consider today to be normal? No. People would be used to it.  So, what other games do you guys think I will enjoy? Other games I have played (and finished) include Demon's Souls and Super Meat Boy. Both of those games are really hard and are non-patronising. I don't really have much concern with graphics, I have played plenty of roguelikes (and loved them), as well as Dwarf Fortress (and I would like to hear your comments about it), and I don't really mind exactly how difficult a game is, although difficulty is a bonus. And, no, I am not a masochist, I simply love the feeling of accomplishment after overcoming a huge difficulty. I also dislike a game patronising me.  I would love to hear your suggestions.
[kerbal space program]	I'm talking something like that new Star Citizen game, where you have to do all the nitty gritty stuff like starting up and shutting down the ship. I want something with gauges I have to watch and systems I need to learn and boring stuff to do between potentially exciting or maybe even nothing really exciting at all, just a job well done. Silent Hunter 3 is the closest I've played to what I'm looking for, if that helps, but feel free to come out of left field with something weird, I've got time to experiment.
[star wars]	Re-posted from /r/Games  As the title says, I'm looking for a good PC MMO to play that would be worth my money. I have about $100 to spare right now. Would prefer a Free-to-Play game.  Keep in mind that I also live in China (as an American). I would probably like to playtest any game I'm going to consider before paying out for it because there's a chance that my connection won't be good enough for some games. For example, Planetside 2 runs fine for me but Second Life is a disaster. Maybe this is because my VPN connects through San Francisco? Are Second Life servers in the UK or something? Would make sense under those circumstances. Any game that I wanna play would be best if they have some "US West" servers.  For some description of what I like - I think what would be ideal for me would be a futuristic / Sci-Fi game with a large social system as well as battle. I remember a long time ago that I *really* enjoyed Phantasy Star Universe (hate me for it if you wish) because it had this kind of set-up. You had a character, your own class, you could customize appearance, there was a lot of weapons and such, and it had a well-developed social system. You could either hang-out in the peaceful areas / go shopping in them, or you could go to battle with some friends, depending on what you felt like doing. Also, I hate to admit it to be an appealing factor, but it also had a considerable female player base, which gave it more plus to me.  I've never really liked games that polarize into being either all-fighting or all-social. So I look for games that are a good hybrid. I also tend to dislike games that feel like WoW or Runescape, being "most games that take place in medieval times and have trolls and ogres etc". If it feels like it's classes are all out of Lord of the Rings I'll probably not like it. Mass Effect games would have been a candidate if it had more online features and customization. But it didn't, you just kinda sat there and fought waves of enemies. I don't feel like putting money into something like that. I'll get fancier weaponry but who's really gonna give a shit?  To put it simply - I want a game that would really matter. A game that has some purpose behind it, where I kind-of have my own life and friends in the game. A game that I play *to have fun*, not to *ease my boredom*.  So, the checklist for a "perfect" MMO for me would be:  - Modern or Futuristic plot / atmosphere. - Has combat. - Has a well-developed social aspect. - Has your own space (a custom room, somewhere you can call your "home") - Has an economy. - Has plenty of content. - Has detailed appearance editing. - Has a considerable female player base (I hate to admit it, but I feel like having both genders playing is part of what makes the social experience good. It feels a bit off if it's all just dudes). - Has classes and powers. - Doesn't feel like a space-marines game and has close-ranged classes (I prefer being a sword-user). In fact, I'd prefer if the game felt it had very-little to no militarization.  This is all because I really want a game that I can kinda have a second life in. Not just shoot at stuff. I mean yeah, blowing shit up is nice,  that ONLY entail blowing shit up really starts to make me question the point of things. A social aspect adds friends, people to impress, and possibilities. An economy gives me reason to fight.  ---------------------------  - I've played some Planetside 2 and really like it. The only thing I dislike about PS2 is lack of much of a social system. But I will put money into it if I hear it's really worth it compared to what's out there currently. But yeah, my only problem is that it's a really combat-only game. Most FPS games are like this though, so maybe what I want is more of a Third-Person game. Planetside 2 is a game I would say has top-notch combat aspect for an FPS, but my problem is that it feels like a complicated game of tug-of-war, making it feel pointless with time.  - Phantasy Star Online 2 is almost definitely something I'm going to try, but due to it's long delays in coming to the western world I'm looking for something to play while waiting for PSO2. PSO2 may not even be out until fall or something. No sense in waiting that long being bored.  - I tried some APB Reloaded but it felt very pay-to-win and a bit lacking. Reading some online reviews showed that "a car-chase is about as exciting as this game gets" and it has quite a few considerably low ratings from different sources. But I haven't tried the game extensively yet. Does anyone have any opinions of this game they'd like to voice? Would a guy like myself want to put money into this game? Thanks.  - I've played Second Life before but... I dunno, it just feels kinda off and the game is extremely laggy for me. Besides that, it really lacks any combat system and it's player-base feels like mostly tweens and basement-dwellers (no offense to any fans out there). All you could really do is fly around and look at stuff. Maybe if I had a better connection I'd enjoy it more, I dunno. Any opinions of it?  - I haven't tried Final Fantasy XIV because you have to pay to even get in at all. Any opinions on this? I've seen some bad reviews online but they're all pretty out-of-date. Haven't been able to find any more current reviews from any reputable sources. Most reviews I can find aren't that great and most of the scores I find are considerably low.  - EVE isn't my kinda game. It's like the most interesting game I'll ever read about but will never actually play. I watched my friend once and it's all about managing your ship or something? No thanks, I want to have my own character and walk about on foot and stuff, and socialize, and all that fun stuff. Besides that, EVE sounds kinda like it would end up costing more than I'm wanting to pay out. Ya know, just a bit of a money-guzzler. My hundred bucks probably wouldn't go very far in this game is how I'm feeling.  - Any more games to suggest? These are the ones I've tried. Let me know if there's more I should look at.  ---------------------------  Thank you very much for reading. I just wanted to ask a gaming community before cashing into a game with my limited supply of money. I was sitting on the Planetside 2 Station Cash purchase screen kinda just thinking and decided that I *really* don't wanna do this unless I'm totally sure. So, I came here to ask for an opinion.  Thank you very much!
[fallout 3]	I'm pretty new to gaming as I got my first computer that was good enough to run games just last winter. I went out and bought Skyrim right after and loved it, but I think it's time to check out another game.   The things I liked best about Skyrim were the ability to interact with/pick up just about anything in the world, and the expansive world itself. Being able to immerse myself in another world for awhile is simply amazing.  Are there any other games out there like this? I want one that I can just buy and not have to pay monthly fees.
[demon's souls]	I've already got Demon's Souls and I'm going to get Journey. I pretty much got a used PS3 for these two games alone. What else should I play?  **Edit:** I realized, thanks to a few of you, that I didn't include what genres I'm particularly into.  I'm into action/action-rpgs, FPS, RPGs, brawlers/beat-'em-ups, and platformers. Some of my all time favorites include Chrono Trigger, Legend of Zelda LTTP (is that dot hero game any good? Blanking on the name of it), Dark Souls, Halo, Super Mario Bros. 3, Mass Effect 2, Double Dragon, and Earth Defense Force (seriously; it's mindless fun :P).
[the walking dead]	Games I have liked a lot in the past :  * Mass Effect Trilogy : Great atmosphere, a lot of background information, great character development and an awesome story. Great emotional aspects. Tears were shed.  * Bioshock 1, 2 &amp; Infinite : Awesome story and atmosphere, great story telling and especially in Infinite a lot of character binding and emotional aspects.  * Half Life series : Great story, great atmosphere. Gameplay was nice too.  * Singularity : Original atmosphere, great story and really fun too play.  * Stalker series : I only liked the gameplay and atmosphere of this game. Not so much story or emotional aspects.  * Fallout series : Same as with Stalker, although the story was better, still the emotional aspects were a bit poor.   I don't really care what genre the game is, although I have a preference for present-day/future based shooters. So basically, I am looking for a game that has great atmosphere, story, emotional aspects/character binding.  Thanks!  
[path of exile]	How is pathfinder exile for pvp? I know thats not really the genre it caters towards, but thats what I liked doing  in diablo 2, as it gets boring just hunting for items all the time- especially when they never drop (thats why I quit wow, felt like too much work and not enough fun).  I've tried most popular games on the market, but I am wondering how the scenes are for a few games. Is planetside 2 worth checking out? I heard the learning curve is atrocious and that the player base is dwindling because of that.  Any other games I might be missing out on? (tried lol, wow, tf2, l4d, torchlight, counter strike, etc)   Also, what games are coming out that might provide good online gameplay? I have my eyes on firefall. Any opinions? 
[mark of the ninja]	Hello! I'm looking for some fun stealth action games with interesting stories.   Something like:  Dishonored  Batman: Arkham City  Metal Gear Solid 3 (I played it on 3DS)  Deus Ex: Human Revolution   Something where the sneaking isn't tedious and combat is fun. I think Arkham City got the balance just right for me. Combat was super fun but at the same time there were instances where I felt a stealthier approach was better (or *more* fun!)  **edit**: Does anyone like Hitman: Absolution?  **edit:**: Thanks for the suggestions everyone!
[shadow of the colossus, xenoblade]	Hey /r/gamingsuggestions, I was wondering if you could name a game with beautiful scenery and soundtrack. I was thinking something like Skyrim where occasionally I can just sit back and enjoy the music and view, but I feel that Skyrim's soundtrack was a bit repetitive. Guild Wars 2 also fits into this category but has the same repetitive music issue.   The Final Fantasy series has the soundtrack covered, occasionally has beautiful scenery, but lacks in the open world/exploration aspect.   I'm currently debating Xenoblade Chronicles as an option, but don't really know much about it. At any rate, I don't mind the genre, whether it be action, fighting, JRPG, WRPG, strategy, etc. I own most major gaming consoles and a good PC except for a WiiU and a Vita, so please, suggest away. Thanks in advance!  
[gta]	i literally have no energy to keep trying new games or search reviews on a ton of games. some games which i have in my mind are:  * morrowind: seems like i can just explore and do quests and get immeresed in the storyline. heard really great things about it too  * league of legends: mainly because so many of my friends are playing it. i dont know how much energy is required to learn/play though.  * just cause 2: seems like i can just chill out and have fun without having to spend too much energy  * the fallout/tes/gothic/dark souls series: just so many people have recommended them  i dont really like "casual" games too much as in like random flash games or smartphone apps or sports games like madden/fifa. otoh i really like the open world sandboxy rpg genre but i dont want it to be necessary that i spend alot of effort in it, or if i do i want there to be enough content so im not trying too hard for like a game which cant be played for more than 50-100 hours. any suggestions?   
[mass effect]	Over my spring break, I played the Metal Gear Solid series and was blown away by the pure scope, epicness, and memorability of the whole thing. Now that summer is here, I've been chasing the dragon a bit regarding finding a good game or series of games that can match that feeling of massive story, world, characters, epic long journeys, and most important: memorability.  I primarily play games like RPGs, action slashers/beatemups, FPS, platformers, and the like. Not too hot on FPS's, but I'll make exceptions. I also have all consoles and a high end gaming PC, so all's good with that too.  Thanks in advance!
[batman arkham asylum, red dead redemption]	Okay, so I'm 23 years old... just bought an xbox 360. Just moved into my own apartment, figured what the hell, why not. I've dated gamers in the past, so I've had some exposure to a lot of games, but haven't played much. I have played FEAR 1 &amp; 2, loved both of them.  I get frustrated if there's too many things going on (like in Borderlands, there's basically 5,000,000 guns and I can't keep track of them). So my question is, can you think of any good, simpler games for me to get started on?  Thanks in advance! :)
[xbox 360]	Since my xbox 360 finally red-ringed a few months back, and I haven't bothered repairing/replacing it... I'm getting the itch to get back into PC gaming.  I used to be a huge LAN party fanatic, and built my own gaming rigs and spent countless $$$ on hardware upgrades through the years (from 1997-2005).  Since moving on from college and into the workforce, my sole computer has been my laptop (Macbook 2006, then replaced with 2011 Macbook Pro)  I would like to buy/build a gaming PC, but for my living room, hooked up via HDMI to my TV.  I'm anticipating that I'll most likely be running Steam "big picture" and will want to get 1 or more wireless controllers.  Can I buy a decent pre-built PC for this?  Or should I build my own small form-factor?  What controllers are recommended, I really like my 360 controllers, is there a way for me to use them wirelessly?  Or should I get PS3 sixaxis bluetooth controllers?
[fallout 3]	**PC ONLY**  These are the mostly recent series that really captured my imagination:  * The Thief series - was completely obsessed with those, can't wait for the new one.  * Assassin's Creed * Hitman * Elder Scrolls (enjoyed modding Skyrim like a BITCH) * Mass Effect * Baldur's Gate / Neverwinter Nights, etc * Call of Duty * Bioshock * Total War, especially Rome and Shogun  Standalones I liked (or when I didn't play others in the series) include:  * Dishonored * Tomb Raider (the reboot) * Sniper Elite V2 * The Witcher (the first one) * Amnesia: The Dark Descent * Deadlight * Spec Ops: The Line * Deus Ex: Human Revolution (although I really didn't like the main character, for some reason)  So. Can anyone recommend something along these lines? Will have a lot of time on my hands in a few weeks, and I'd love to delve into something new. Bonus points if you can play as a woman! Thanks!  
[gamecube]	I am interested in getting into the Tales games. I don't know too much about them, but I have heard that they're pretty good, for the most part. My question is, which one is worth checking out the most, if I had to choose one?  I am currently stuck between Tales of Vesperia and Tales of Symphonia, but I know there are others.  Any suggestions?? Thanks!  UPDATE: I am getting a copy of Abyss for the 3DS from a friend for 15 bucks! He said he didn't like it, so I'm taking it off his hands. Thanks for the recommendations, guys! Looking to pick up Symphonia, soon!
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r.]	So, I'm getting a new laptop. The one I'm typing on now is quite literally eight years old.   I've been wanting to get into PC gaming for a while but don't have the funds for a full on desktop. So I'm treating this as an opportunity to play old/retro/indie games on my new laptop.  [link](http://;pf_rd_s=center-2&amp;pf_rd_r=1RSNAX3M349Z35JHFHKX&amp;pf_rd_t=101&amp;pf_rd_p=358549767&amp;pf_rd_i=468294)  So i3 , 4GB RAM, and I think it has Intel HD 4000 graphics.  I'm confident it can run Half Life 2, which I'm damn happy about since I can also play some lovely mods. But I've no knowledge of PC gaming and need some other games too. I've no aversion to older games, I know I'll be playing Doom, Unreal, etc at some point.  EDIT: Oh, and I'm especially fond of terrifying horror games. The only genre I'm not into so much is RTS.  
[dragon's dogma]	What I'm after is a game which can provide the same experience as FFXII on the PS2 and Dragon Age: Origins (I tried Dragon Age 2 and didn't like it).  I've played Skyrim to death.  I've already got Rainbow Moon loaded on my system, but I fancy something with a bit more variation graphically.  I've been looking at Dragon's Dogma for a while now, and should be coming into posession of Ni No Kuni at the end of the month.  Are those three games the best examples of the style I'm after, or are there other more hidden gems which I've missed?
[out there, portal 2, deus ex, sci-fi, xbox, hl2]	AMD 6300 with Radeon 7850  I like mid 2000's games. I know there are some great ones out there I've missed. I remember the really niche ones from pretty old ones like Tropico, Sim City 4, Diablo II, Stronghold, The Sims, Sins of a Solar Empire to great catches like MoH: Allied Assault, Mafia, Total War: Rome and so on.  I really do not have a preference or genre. Just looking for a fair game to greet me back into PC gaming. I'd like to see if there were games that I missed the likes of what was listed above but I also want to see what's hot out there. Planning on getting into Steam but I'd watch my wallet. Any recommendations?  Right now, I'm liking BF4, Total War, Bio:Inf., East India Co., SC2 - Not sure if I can even run most of them but I'd like to see   
[psychonauts]	I'm looking for a new 3D world to explore. I'd like to think I'm not too picky, but a) it should be fun to move around, and b) the levels should be fairly non-linear, based on exploring a believable world (like Mario 64 or Mario Sunshine), instead of navigating a series of jumping-puzzle rooms (like the Mario Galaxies or 3D Land).  I've played all the 3D Marios, all two or three (depending on your taste) Banjo games, Donkey Kong 64 (eugh), both de Blobs, and the excellent Mario 64 hack Star Road. I also ain't touchin' Fez, unfortunately.  Anybody know of any games that qualify, even if not for the systems listed?
[swg]	I tried out SWG-Emu recently and though I found it to be amazingly well done, the esoteric parts of SWG that I loved are not yet implemented. So I gave them a few dollars support but don't think I'll be spending this summer on it.  In SWG, I spent a ton of time as a pilot. I'm looking for a game which emulates some or all of that.   In particular, I'm looking for a space flight game with RPG like elements.    Things I enjoyed about Jump to Lightspeed:  - Nicely done character advancement. It was excited to get new ships, buy a new missile launcher, reach a new rank in the military, etc. - It was Star Wars. Other settings are fine, as long as it's an engaging IP. - You could explore fairly risk free: other players weren't shooting at you, and the penalty for dying was not severe. - The game had social aspects - you could fly with other players, and there were nice economic tie-ins between the space and ground games. - A game with good graphics would be nice (I'm running an ATI 7870) but that's low importance.   I suspect people will suggest Eve, and maybe that's the best recommendation there is. But I'm not really interested in PvP or hardcore games; I'm more looking to cruise around in my TIE fighter shooting rebels in a communal setting. Or equivalent.  Thanks for the help.
[spec ops: the line, the walking dead]	I played this game nearly a year ago, and am still thinking about its great story.   Not to mention the amazing gameplay as well.   Usually when I ask for a suggestion like this people recommend Braid, or some other indie title.   Braids a good game, but its way different from bastion.   I'm looking for something like Bastion, literally.   Really good story told really well.   I'm playing through Half Life 2 right now. And I've got Planescape: Torment lined up after that.   Half Life isn't exactly what I was looking for, but its a step in the right direction. And obviously I don't know of Planescape is what I'm looking for either.   Yes I know about Transistor.   **Any and all recommendations are appreciated. Don't feel the need to leave a long list of reasons, I'll closely look into all of the titles suggested. If you played Bastion and liked another game for the same reasons, please tell me.**  Edit: My consoles are (in order of choice) PC, DS, PS3 (avoid this if possible, its broken right now. Planning on trying Journey once its back up, if anyone was going to say that).   I also have access to most older consoles so feel free to suggest anything.   Strong preference for PC games right now.   Sorry if this seems kind of pretentious, I mean no offence. 
[demons souls, this game, this game]	Well, uncharted spoilers here, loved the final parts of uncharted 2 and uncharted 3 where younger to walk around the lost cities and seeing how everything was without anyone being there.   Other examples I can think of :  - prince of Persia 2 shadow and the flame, the red palace. - Wind waker part where (spoiler) you reach hyrule castle  - Secret of mana intro, seeing the futuristic mana fortress in the beginning of the game.  - 2300 Ad domes in Chrono trigger  - I also got the same vibe from Prometheus, seeing all these pods and ancient ( but futuristic ) looking sets.  Anything on ps3 would be great, don't mind emulating anything if it's any good. 
[the fight: lights out, sports champions, ive]	Thanks to flat feet and failing knee cartilage, my days of playing sports for exercise have come to an end. Doctor's orders: No more sports that involve pounding on hard surfaces.  tennis, basketball, racquetball, etc. As for treadmills or swimming laps... these are not sports, but a form of torture that involves boring me to death.   So what are my options?  * NINTENDO: The Wii inspired hope, but ultimately disappointed with its bewildering lack of games. The WiiU was the nail in Nintendo's virtual gaming coffin.  * XBOX ONE: The Kinect 2's rudimentary presentation looked impressive. But who demonstrates a gaming technology outside the context of a game? Makes me think any decent Kinect 2 games are years away.  * PC: Virtuix Omni and the Oculus Rift. Unless there's something else I'm not aware of, this is the best solution. So what will I need to buy and what will it cost?  1. A gaming PC. I don't know what specs are required, but I'm assuming something new for $400-500 would suffice. (If exclusively for VR, an older crap monitor will suffice.)  2. A Kinect 2 motion sensor. $  3. The Virtuix Omni treadmill kit. Kickstarter estimated price, around $400-500.  4. Oculus Rift virtual reality goggles. Development kit is $300 I believe? 2014 model? Let's say $500 to be safe.  Total estimated price = $  Did I miss anything?   **EDIT: Video of the setup: http://** 
[portal 2, bots, tf2]	I'm looking for advice on games to play with my gf. She likes games, but has pretty specific tastes. Puzzlers, platformers, cartoony, and games that are beautiful to look at all appeal to her (while I will play pretty much anything if it's fun). I'm looking for suggestions of games we can play together, over an internet connection. We both have PCs, so no xbox/ps3 games unfortunately. I've suggested Borderlands (as it's got some neat cartoony artwork, is a ton of fun, and she enjoys shooters) but she prefers games where we can play against each other instead of coop. CoD and BF3 type FPS's are off the table because there's too many other people.  This may be a random request, but in short I'm looking for a puzzle, platformer or shooter game where 2 people can play against each other. PC only. I've considered doing 2 person private matches in something like CoD, but those games get boring real quick if there aren't a ton of people. Thanks for any suggestions!
[dayz]	Or rather, where being a total dick is expected/part of the game, and you won't get banned or ostracized for "griefing" when you ruin someone's day by killing them in cruel and horrible ways.  Dark Souls invasion comes to mind, but I'd prefer to do PvP in my second playthrough (currently halfway through Anor Londo on my first run). I'm nowhere near good enough at the game, nor have I invested enough time in a character, to be doing much in the way of PvP.  MMOs with world PvP that let you gank people also come to mind, but I don't feel like investing a ton of time to get to a level where I can actually do any kind of world PvP without getting oneshot by max-level characters (nor do I want to resub to WoW, the only MMO where I already have max-level characters). TERA world PvP is interesting, but again, too many 60s one-shotting me as I gank people near my level (and the whole "anyone attacks anyone if you're flagged" thing is kinda meh, I prefer faction-based PvP).  That said, I don't want a "fair" game where the object is to kill each other in an arena or something (so, not talking about an FPS or something where "being a total dick" just means killing the other team with OP weapons, or MMOs with battlegrounds). I want to be an assassin who comes in and kills some unsuspecting player who's just minding his own business, then runs away before I have to face any consequences ( guards or other, more powerful players).  Sooo...  - Total Dickness on the level of invading someone in Dark Souls and murdering them horribly as they're just trying to get to the area boss  - Gankiness similar to playing a Rogue-type class in an MMO with world PvP (but it doesn't have to be an MMO, and in fact I'd prefer it isn't so that I can get right into the action without having to level up)  Any suggestions?  Edit: Yes, I want to grief people. BUT, I don't just want to go into some random game and start being a dick - I want to play a game where griefing people is how PvP works. Hence the Dark Souls reference, where PvP in that game is basically griefing - you invade someone's world as they're just trying to get through the area, and kill them to steal their humanity. And even if you end up dying, you lose nothing (since your bloodstain appears at the spot where you invaded and you don't go hollow, you can just keep invading from a safe point and never worry about losing it). So to the guy who said "fuck you" to me for asking this: At least I'm not coming into your TF2 game and blocking stairs, or teamkilling in an FPS, or camping newbies on my level 85 characters in WoW.
[shin megami tensei, match up]	Ok I'm looking for a solid RPG-like game with good character and/or team building. I'm thinking something along the lines of pokemon. I also love games like baldurs gate, final fantasy, diablo, etc, but not sure if want a modern game. I've been on a retro tear recently, so I would be very open to older platforms such as gameboy, nes, SNES, or n64. Some of the games I've been considering are pokemon gold/silver, the witcher, torchlight, ocarina of time, fire emblem, ff4 or ff5. Any thoughts or ideas greatly appreciated
[star ocean]	Having just played Persona 4: Golden for my Vita, I realized that JRPGs are pretty freaking awesome. After a few recommendations I have played FFVII, Chrono Trigger, Chrono Cross so far, and am playing FFIX right now, but I will be done with that shortly. I have no clue on what to play next. Also, a newer JRPG would be nice too, as much as I love old games, looking at bad graphics for a long time is starting to get a bit annoying. So any suggestions?  tl;dr Suggest JRPGs that I should play (especially newer)
[borderlands 2, left 4 dead]	My boyfriend and I are both gamers, and we used to play WoW, HoN, Diablo 3, and SC2 together. The thing is, he has a much bigger competitive streak than I do. I like to play just for fun, but he really wants to get good at it, or gear up, etc. I can't help but feel like I'm holding him back in the games we play together. Therefore, we usually just end up playing on our own.  I really miss having an activity that we can do together. And really, games are one of the few things we have in common. What are some games that would be fun for both of us? I am aware there are a good number of cutesy games designed for multiplayer, but I want him to have fun too and not feel like he's playing a kid's game.  edit: for clarity
[all games, starcraft, dota 2, lol]	I Love geometry wars. Downloaded it, play it all the time. After playing tons of mindless RPGs I realize that Geometry Wars offers a level of stimulation and challenge that is way more satisfying than most games out there. I've been playing it for a while (with other RPGs and FPS mixed in) but the novelty is wearing off. I"m wondering what other games are out there that I don't know about which demand a comparable level of focus, skill, reaction time, etc. (and possibly have more  that's possible).   Recently played/enjoyed games: Bioshock, Farcry, Metal Gear, Kingdoms of Amalur, WoW, Diablo, Halo, Fallout.  
[far cry 3]	I'm trying to find a new action adventure type game, first or third person doesn't matter, that's a good mix of stealth and combat. If it's a shooter type I'd prefer if the main weapon through most of the game was a pistol.  The games I have already played that fit this are:  The Max Payne Series  Alpha Protocol  Deus Ex Series  and to a lesser extent Sleeping Dogs  Any suggestions of games that would fit this feel would be greatly appreciated as I'm having a hard time tracking any down that give this kind of feel. 
[quake iii arena, quake live]	I played a lot of Team Fortress Classic and also TF2 before (and a bit after) it went F2P.   Anyways, what I liked about TFC was the very fast and skillful game play due to bunny hopping, concussion grenade jumping, grenade jumping, rocket jumping, and pipe jumping.  I have tried the Source Mod Fortress Forever that has a similar game style but there's very little people playing it anymore. I really do like TF2 but it doesn't fulfill my.. craving for fast and furious action. I also tried Tribes: Ascend but I don't know if I gave up too soon or what; I just couldn't seem to get the hang of using the jetpack.  Anyways can anyone recommend me a game that offers fast, furious, and skillful game play that actually has an active community?  Edit: I'm also PC Only, I don't have a Xbox 360 or PS3.
[cybertron]	Here's my library, in what I think is alphabetical order.  Bolded games are one that I've particularly enjoyed.  If they're not bolded, it doesn't mean I didn't like them.  I probably did.  I really meant that I'll play anything, so don't hesitate something that I've missed.  **10,000,000**    AI War: Fleet Command  **Alan Wake**  Alien Zombie Megadeath  All Zombies Must Die!  **Amnesia: The Dark Descent**  Anomaly: Warzone Earth  And Yet It Moves  **Anno 2070**  Aquaria  Arma 2  Astro Tripper  Atom Zombie Smasher  Awesomenauts  **The Basement Collection**  **Bastion**  Battlefield: Bad Company 2  Ben There, Dan That!  **Betrayal At Krondor**  **The Binding of Isaac**  Bioshock  ** RUNNER**  Blocks That Matter  Botanicula  Brutal Legend  Braid  BRAINPIPE  Breath of Death VII  BRINK  Capsized  Cave Story+  Chronicles of Riddick  Closure  Cogs  Command and Conquer  Command and Conquer: Red Alert  **Company of Heroes**  Containment: The Zombie Puzzler  Costume Quest  Counter-Strike: Source  Crayon Physics Deluxe  **Crusader Kings II**  **Cthulhu Saves the World**  Cubemen  Dark Souls  Darksiders  Darwinia  Data Jammers  **Day of Defeat: Source**  Dead Island  Dear Esther  DEFCON  Defense Grid: The Awakening  Defy Gravity  Delve Deeper  Deponia  **Deus Ex: Human Revolution**  Diablo  Diablo II  DiRT 3  Divinity II  Dota 2  Dungeon Defenders  **Dungerons of Dredmor**  Dustforce  East India Company  **The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind**  **The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion**  **The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim**  Elven Legacy  Endless Space  Eufloria  Eurpa Universalis: Rome  **Far Cry 3**  Fate of the World  **Final Fantasy XI**  **Frozen Synapse**  **FTL: Faster Than Light**  Garry's Mod  Gemini Rue  Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved  **Gnomoria**  Gratuitous Space Battles  The Guild II  Guild Wars 2  Guns of Icarus Online  Hack, Slack, Loot  Half Minute Hero  Half-Life  Half-Life 2 (And Episodes)  Hammerfight  Hard Reset  Hearts of Iron III  Heroes of Might and Magic II  Heroes of Might and Magic III  Heroes of Might and Magic V  HOARD  **Hotline Miami**  Jamestown  Just Cause 2  Killing Floor  King Arthur - The Role-playing Wargame  The King's Crusade  Knights of Honor  Kung Fu Strike: The Warrior's Rise  ** Noire**  **Left 4 Dead**  **Left 4 Dead 2**  **Legend of Grimrock**  Lego Star Wars  LIMBO  Little Inferno  Lone Survivor  Lume  **Machinarium**  Magic: The Gathering - Duel of the Planeswalker 2012  Magicka  **Majesty 2**  **Mark of the Ninja**  **Mass Effect**  **Mass Effect 2**  **Mass Effect 3**  Metro 2033  Mount &amp; Blade  **Mount &amp; Blade: Warband**  Mount &amp; Blade : With Fire and Sword  Multiwinia  Natural Selection 2  NightSky  Nimbus  Osmos  **Penny Arcade's On the Rain Slick Precipice of Darkness**  pid  **Portal**  **Portal 2**  **Proteus**  Psychonauts  RAGE  Rayman Origins  Really Big Sky  Recettear: An Item Shop's Tale  Red Faction: Armageddon  Red Orchestra 2  Revenge of the Titans  Rochard  Rock of Ages  Runespell: Overture  **Satins Row: The Third**  Samorost 2  Sanctum  Scoregasm  Shadowgrounds  Shank  Shank 2  Shatter  **Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri**  **Sid Meier's Civilization IV (all expansions/DLC)**  **Sid Meier's Civilization V (all expansion/DLC)**  **Sins of a Solar Empire (all expansions)**  Snapshot  SOL: Exodus  Space Priates and Zombies  Spacechem  Stacking  Starcraft  Starcraft II  Star Wars - Battlefront II  Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic  Steel Storm: Burning Retribution  Strong Bad Episode 1-5  Stronghold  Stronghold 2  Stronghold Crusader + Extreme  Stronghold Legends  **Super Meat Boy**  **Superbrothers: Sword &amp; Sorcery EP**  Sword of the Stars: The Pit  Symphony  Team Fortress 2  Terrari  Thomas Was Alone  Time Gentlemen, Please!  Titan Quest  **To the Moon**  Torchlight  **Torchlight II**  **Total War: Medieval**  **Total War: Shogun**  Trapped Dead  **Trine**  **Trine 2**  Uplink  Vertex Dispenser  Vessel  VVVVV  **The Walking Dead**  **Warhammer 40,000: Space Marine**  **Warlock - Master of the Arcane**  The Witcher  Wizorb  **Zeno Clash**
[dungeons of dredmor, dungeons of dredmor, dungeons of dredmor, dungeons of dredmor, legend of grimrock, legend of grimrock, dungeon crawl, don't starve, don't starve, don't starve, roguelike, roguelike]	My work's given me a sweet convertible laptop/tablet, and I'm looking to fill it out with games it can play. (Intel HD Graphics 4000, 3rd gen i7, 12GB of RAM). I dont know much about indie games, I've mostly let that pass me by until now, so I just included what I tend to look for in other games.   The bit about violence is that I find indie games gravitate towards kiddie stuff, which is all well and fine but I'm not really interested in it.   It's also worth noting that I've never played a side-scroller I liked, though I'd be excited for a game that could change my mind on that.  
[call of duty 1]	I've never been into FPS,but I've got a feeling to try one, preferably with a campaign story, preferably realistic ( but not Arma levels of realism ) and not too recent or graphically demanding.    Something that is based on historical events hopefully? I know the market is saturated with them, but don't know where to start....  My machine can handle Skyrim on medium, far cry 3 on low for example.  overclocked GTX260 ( for those who know, yes that makes it around as hot as the surface of the sun on full load )  Thanks for any suggestions! 
[bloodline champions]	I don't own any consoles, but have a reasonably high end gaming machine.  I used to be massively into WoW. First, I was in competitive raiding guilds, and later I really got into arena. I love the format format of WoW arena.  More recently I've played a fair amount of Dark Souls. The visceral combat, the fantastic art style and music - I loved it. I even like the PvP in Dark Souls, although it's not nearly consistent enough.  I haven't played WoW in a long time. These days I don't have much time - maybe 4-10 hours a week for gaming. That's what is stopping me from picking up WoW again, the thought of levelling up, and gearing up taking months before I actually get to do what I enjoy isn't appealing. I want to jump right in.  I've tried a couple of MOBAs (LoL &amp; Dota) and wasn't a fan. I didn't find click to move worked well for me, and I'm not overly fussed by objective based stuff.
[dark souls]	I've been working on list of games to collect / play for these two systems.  **Currently Have** ---- ------  **Wii**  * Fire Emblem Radiant Dawn * Tales of Symphonia Dawn of the New World * The Legend of zelda Skyward Sword * The Legend of zelda Twilight Princess * Xenoblade Chronicles  **XBOX 360**   * Blue Dragon * Dragon Age II * Eternal Sonata * Lost Odyssey * Mass Effect 2 * Operation Darkness * Tales of Vesperia  ----  **Have on My List To Get** --- -----  **Wii**  * Arc Rise Fantasia * Opoona * Pandora's Tower * Phantom Brave: We Meet Again * The Last Story   **XBOX 360**  * Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen * Enchanted Arms * Magna Carta 2  * Mass Effect 3 * Nier * Resonance of Fate   ----  I have Mass Effect and Dragon Age Origins, Oblivion, Marrowind, Fallout 3,etc on Steam, so I will pick them up if I find them cheap.   Mainly looking for console exclusives.  I just wanted to ask you guys if I am missing any good RPGs on this list.
[ffxiv]	**WoW**  * Retribution Paladin approaching 90 (but rets suck if I don't have the  best armor and I don't want to learn any other spec)  * Awesome PvP  * Awesome dungeons  * Can own people on my alts  * Good lore  * Guildies   * I have to bust my ass to survive PvP and PvE on my ret pally because they're terrible without the best armor  * Still learning how to play my pally  * Very, very fun  **EVE**  * Spaceships!  * Piracy and merciless killing * I'm a massive noob and don't know what to do * It takes months to train enough skills to effectively use most ships; otherwise, I'll get obliterated. I don't have months. * Lots of fun. More fun than WoW, but I won't get into it since I'm unable to devote extended periods of time to playing * Lots to explore with lots of NPCs to kill (kill NPC pirates, or "ratting") * There are a lot of resources that I can use to learn the game, but I can't do much without experience - experience that I won't be able to get due to my limited time * Epic stories and encounters. Seriously, look them up * I won't get many of the above due to my noobishness  I'm leaning more towards WoW, but I don't know. What do you think? I'd definitely play EVE if I had more time and better access to internet, but now I must make a choice...
[pro evo, fifa, fifa]	Hi,  I'm at college with my old PS2. I've realized games are incredibly cheap, often under $5 used on Amazon.  Anyone have any sports sim suggestions? Can be any sport. Roster updatedness doesn't matter to me. Here's what I'm looking for:  - High degree of difficulty on the hardest setting. I've been building up Georgetown on March Madness '06 and I win every game by 40 on All-American. It's a nice game, just way too easy. When I first started every game was down to the wire and it was much more fun.  - Great, realistic gameplay by PS2 standards.  - Franchise/dynasty/career mode with reasonable depth. I used to play FIFA on PS2 and the manager mode seemed to be lacking in this area.  I've never played a baseball game, which I assume would have some depth in the franchise mode because of farm teams and all that.  If you remember, or even still play, any old PS2 sports sims and think they're worthwhile let me know.  Thanks 
[minecraft]	. "Hey there /r/gamingsuggestions , I posted this before on /r/gaming, but didn't get a lot of response. I'll keep it short this time, basically, my English teacher wants to try a new method to improve English speaking skills. Basically, he wants to play games, because he believes (and I agree), that games help a lot with English skills, both generally and speaking. Basically he could in example get a class from another country, and what he wants is for everyone to play a game, where they can voice chat with the others. This could be 1 on 1, or with everyone in one game, you name it. However, I am currently quite clueless on suggestions. There aren't much requirements except it'd probably have to be free to play, and not be too violent. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated, thanks a bunch! =)."
[star wars galaxies]	Ok, so I am trying to find a sandbox mmo where a person can be a villain and kill other people and loot their stuff (much like EVE or DayZ), to a trader that just buys and sells goods. Is there anything like this besides EVE? That game is just really hard to get into. I also know there is Wyurm online but that game is even harder to get into and is complicated. I also right now play Guild Wars 2 and LoL when I can, I just feel like they don't allow me to do stuff like what I hear you can do in Ultima Online. Suggestions?
[crusader kings]	I'm looking for a game that will make me theorycraft and dig through wikis.  An example would be the Pokemon series that made me look through Pokemon stats/tierlists/metagames to build a team.  I also enjoyed the Anno series, especially the planning out of the trade routes to keep all your cities supplied.  Dragon Age: Origins and the Mass Effect games were also fun because I got to scavenge the respective universes to optimize my weapons and team.    Here are some non-examples.  Skyrim was complicated with lots of mechanics but the mechanics didn't interact with each other in any especially interesting way.  Therefore, I found it pretty entertaining but fairly mindless.  The Bioshock series has great story but the gameplay itself (I felt) was fairly button mashy and there was no planning/thought involved.  
[dark souls]	As the title states, something that will really draw in my attention and hold me captive from the real world. A game with a rich storyline and lore filled with many mysteries and secrets. Preferably a first person or close over the shoulder game (for immersion). Games I enjoy: Morrowind (possibly my favorite game of all time), Oblivion, Skyrim, Mass Effect Series, Planescape:Torment, Fallout 1,2,3,New Vegas, Final Fantasy series, etc. I am also a chronic modder willing to try fan-made content. :) One last thing, I game on a PC only. Too poor to buy a console. xD
[indie bundle]	Hey folks! In addition to her other gifts, I was hoping to get my girlfriend a new video game for her birthday. She isn't a hugely experienced gamer, but she's played enough games to have some skill. Here are my ideal criteria, but feel free to ignore some or all of them. Her two favourite games thus far are Fable and Portal 2.  - The game must be pretty. As in visually appealing. Bright colours help. - Must have either a FPS or GTA-style third-person perspective. - No senseless animal killing (she didn't like having to defend against wolves in Skyrim, for example) - A-to-B plot. Not a sandbox game. - Preferably $30 or under.  Any help would be appreciated!  EDIT: Clarity. Thanks for the responses!
[minecraft]	I work from home and am looking for some games to play while I'm working.  To give you an idea, my job requires my attention every 30-60 seconds for a brief phone call.  I don't generally like platformers or grand strategy (though I love "regular" strategy games like Civilization, Age of Wonders, etc), but I'm open to just about any other genre so long as it can be appreciated in such small chunks.  I'm on PC, but am open to emulation as well.  **Here's a list of games I've played while working and enjoyed:**  Age of Wonders: Shadow Magic, Avernum: Escape from the Pit, Baldur's Gate 1 &amp; 2, Bejeweled 3, Chrono Trigger, Civilization II/IV/V, Defender's Quest, Dragon Age: Origins, Dungeons of Dredmor, Endless Space, Hero Academy, Heroes of Might and Magic III/V/VI, King's Bounty (all of them), Icewind Dale 1 &amp; 2, Lufia 2, Magic: The Gathering, Majesty Gold HD, Mission Force: Cyberstorm, Neverwinter Nights 1 &amp; 2, Ogre Battle 64, Planescape: Torment, Roller Coaster Tycoon, Thief: Deadly Shadows.  **Here's a list of games I own, or am otherwise aware of, but don't really care for:**  Breath of Death VII, Cthulhu Saves the World, Crusader Kings II (and most other Paradox grand strategy), Defense Grid: The Awakening, Europa Universalis III, Final Fantasy VI, Frozen Synapse, Krater, Legend of Grimrock, Penny Arcade's On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness 3, Solar 2, Terranigma, Titan Quest, Warlock Master of the Arcane.  I'm sure I missed some games in those lists, but generally if there's a game you really enjoyed which is turn-based or easily paused &amp; alt-tabbed, and it isn't listed above, then I'd love the suggestion!  Better to suggest to many than too few.
[puzzle quest 2, simple rpg]	Hey, most mobile games have pretty simple mechanicsand are made for people who only want to kill a few minutes. I'm looking for the opposite: a game with complex  mechanics that I can put a lot of time in while progressing. Unfortenately I only got a Samsung Galaxy Y, so I'm kind of limited on the technical side of things.  Genre doesn't matter.  Games that I enjoy (even though they don't necessesarily fit the aspects described above): Star Traders RPG, Kairosoft Games, New Star Soccer, Galaxy Hero, Realms of Fortune, Arena Quest RPG, Majesty
[mario kart ds, racing games, racing games]	I posted here awhile back with the same problem.  I play LoL pretty regularly but no other game holds my interest at all.  I get bored with every game after about an hour or two.  Someone suggested Tombraider last time I was here and I thought that saved me.  The first hour or so was awesome now I can't play more than 5 min without turning it off.  Same with Far Cry 3, FC3 Blood Dragon, Dishonored, Mark of the Ninja, Bioshock Infinite  The last games I played for a significant amount of time was DX:HR when it came out, Fallout 3/FO:NV, Dark Souls.  Save me from my gaming doldrums.  I need a gamechanger, something really badass.  I'm not going to be picky.  Don't suggest anything obvious that gets posted here every day in every suggestion thread (Minecraft, EVE, Dark Souls, etc. etc.)  Thanks ahead of time.
[the humble indie bundle]	I was wondering if anyone knew of any sites that offer PC downloads that can be used without the Steam platform. I'm actually a big fan of Steam, but unfortunately the ports for Steam are blocked in my current location (major bummer).  I used to use Direct2Drive, but since it merged with Gamefly it seems like most major releases require Steam authentication.  I use GOG a lot too, but I've been itching to play some new releases lately.  For example, take Bioshock Infinite -- I know there's a physical boxed version for sale, although I believe that still requires steam but maybe I'm wrong about that.  Any suggestions?  Or am I without luck here?  
[homefront]	I'm usually the kind of player that goes straight to the wiki of a game I just bought to look up best stat combos, upgrades and other tips (usually because I hate starting a long game and realizing 100hrs in that I shouldn't have put all my upgrades into a useless skill).  I end up running into too many spoilers on wikis and thought I'd try something new by asking Reddit instead.  I've never played any of the other Fallout games.  I have next to no knowledge of the game whatsoever.  Until yesterday, I thought it was just a shooting game and not a massive Skyrim-like game.   I saved my game this morning right at the point before I have to take the  test.  Do you guys have any suggestions or tips for my start into this new world of Fallout?  I like to play sneaky yet neutral-good "prince of thieves" type characters.  Yet I don't like to neglect baseline items like being able to heal or attack with reasonable ability.  I hope that helps.  Thanks!
[nier]	I'm trying to find any modern games on the PS3 that have high quality and memorable music. Think Zelda, Mario, Shadow of the Colossus, Deadly Premonition, Deus Ex, etc. The games themselves don't have to be on the same level as these games but just have an original soundtrack that I can appreciate and remember in my head. PS3 exclusives preferred but they can be on 360 as well. Here's some games I already have to avoid repeats: Heavy Rain, Ico and SotC HD, Ni No Kuni, 3D Dot Game Heroes, Journey, MGS4, Valkyria Chronicles, Red Dead Redemption, and Deadly Premonition Director's Cut, Nier, Uncharted 1,2, Okami, Flower, Flow, Bioshock, Bastion.   Edit: thanks for all the suggestions guys, I've gotten a few new ideas but unfortunately most of the games mentioned I've already played and forgot to add to my list so I'll update that now.   Thanks for any suggestions!
[the witcher 2]	Folks,   I'm currently looking for the one game that will occupy me for weeks and months and leave me in tears after I've finished it, thinking I can never play anything again. An RPG with a story and an atmosphere so rich you can cut through it.   I remember the original *Lands of Lore* being such a game and I still love it, so I really don't care about graphics at all. It's all about the *epic feeling*  of playing something *big*.   Note: for some reason I didn't enjoy Skyrim. Don't hate me.   Thanks for your suggestions! 
[hitman: blood money, natural selection 2]	I love games like Red Orchestra 2 and Battlefield, but recently I've been playing games like Garrys Mod Trouble in Terrorist Town, and the Hidden mod and really enjoying them so what other FPS games are there that are different from the norm?  I saw on reddit a few days ago a game where you play as part of a gang and have to negotiate to trade with other gangs and then meet to conduct the deal where you can betray the other team if you want etc. can't remember the name though.  Edit: Also, there was a game about blending in, you play a spy walking down a busy street and have to use the pedestrians to blend in and hide from the other players. Anyone know what it's called?
[dota 2, tf2]	I'm currently playing League of Legends and i'm looking for another game to play when i don't feel like playing LoL.   What do you guys recommend based from the ff:  * F2P * As much as possible not Pay to Win, unless it's still fun. * An MMORPG with exciting crafting or a strategy game either single or multiplayer (can be a browser game). * FPS/sidescrollers/turn based are fine too if they don't get dull after a few weeks. * Doesn't require you to be online 24/7 to be relevant. * Doesn't get too redundant/boring end game * Challenging.  If possible, tell something about the game you recommend and what's it's gameplay like as you progress.
[final fantasy, nes]	[Original here.](http://  I really appreciated everyone's help from my last post.  I've kept off the forums and gamefaqs and am earnestly letting the game unfold naturally without peeking at spoilers.    I did the first little bomb quest, completed Arefu, explored vault 106, finished two of three Moira book quests, and did a bit of random recon.  I got to level 7 or so and then... my worst nightmare.  Everyone's worst gaming nightmare.  My SO had just finished his turn playing and passed the controller to me.  He had just saved his game and I went to load my own save and, in my stuffed-up head-cold daze, I SAVED OVER MY OWN SAVE WITH HIS SAVE!  I hadn't backed out of the save menu into the load menu!  I realized right away what had happened and I felt even sicker than I already was.  There's nothing I can do.  My save is GONE!  Sigh.  I accepted my fate and started over from the vault save.  This time, though, I blazed through the quests with confidence and I'm close to caught up.  I'm going to make a new save every once in a while now.  I almost have as much money as I did before.  I would love to know your thoughts on house upgrades and if any of them are worth the money.  So, have any of you suffered a save-loss before?  TL;DR Head colds are the bane of proper menu navigation.
[minecraft, fable ii, xbox]	Out of the blue, my wife says to me the other day, "Find a game that we can play together."  She's a non-gamer for the 10 years we've been together but she did play arcade games back in the day.  I've never seen her show any interest in any console game except occasionally dance or music games such as Just Dance or Rock Band.  She does not like first person shooters.   I really don't want to screw this up, I've been waiting for her to show a spark of interest in my hobby for a long time!  I don't really know where that leaves me- can someone suggest a starting point for how I might find something she likes, a co-op RPG or puzzle game or something?   
[ys origin]	Hello fellow Gamers,  I just picked up "recettear: an item shop's tale" from steam the other day and am starting to get really into it.  As I progressed I noticed that the dungeon-crawling part (where you adventure and fight Mobs to get ingredients) is REALLY what i like:  It's laid back,  i can Play it with a Controller,  uncomplicated,   still rpg-based.  I asked myself, if there's any mmorpg which fits the "requirements" mentioned above.  has anybody expirience with such a game, or can recommend any?  Thanks for reading this and have a great day :) 
[gamecube, gamecube]	Hi Gamers - Want to pick up a used console game for my kids but want one with a ton of kids games and don't mind if it is a couple generations old. My son loves sonic games, my daughter action games.   I have a spare laptop, should I just set it up as a basic gaming system with some emulators?  Also what do you think of a Vita for a 9 yr old?  Any and all help totally appreciated!  EDIT - Looks like the Wii's have it. I am looking for affordable so will probably not be the newer one but I like the idea of being able to play gamecube games as I remember that having lots of kids titles. Thanks!  EDIT - Got a Wii - Came with bunch of stuff for $ Great Deal and we are loving it. Thanks Everyone!!
[sim golf]	The closest I ever came to living this strange dream, scribbled on the back of food menus in childhood, was Sid Meier's Sim Golf. It doesn't hold up all that well, I think. It is exceptionally annoying that players worry about getting nailed by a drive when the ball is 50 yards away or so. The grid format doesn't offer for too much complexity in green design, fairway shape, etc. Does anyone know of any games since then that allow you to design a golf course, and have some kind of experience playing or watching players play it?
[marvel heroes, path of exile, sci-fi, diablo, diablo]	My wife and I have started to game together. She is more of a casual gamer, so she absolutely loves games like Diablo III. * *CRINGE!* * I know, but we do enjoy the game and I have fun playing with her.   I was wondering, is there any Diablo-type clones out there, preferably a more recent release, that is set in a Space atmosphere? We've been playing DIII for a while now, and I would love to change it up a bit.   **NOTE:** My wife also loves playing Samurai/Dynasty Warrior style games for with me, so something like KOEI's [Crimson Sea](http:// comes to mind too.   **Thanks!**
[final fantasy, final fantasy, psx, ff7, ff6]	There's about bajillion games in FF franchise. I've tried FFXI (MMORPG), which I believe is more of a separate entity. Also FFX, which I played for some hours, but that did not appeal to me due to excessive cutscences, tame battles, long spell animation etc, it didn't feel game-y enough.  I'd like to play a game in the main series with perhaps more old-school feel and more game-y. More difficulty and depth. Which of the later one are more like that, if any? Or should I look into the spin-offs? I don't mind whether turn-based or real-time, or something between. I have DS, 3DS, GBA, PS2, PS1, PSP.
[dwarf fortress]	I'm looking for something very complex and challenging to play. Not in terms of "fast-clicking", but in terms of having to juggle and multitask a lot of complex systems constantly just to keep yourself in the game.   I played a lot of city/economy-simulators before and have moved on to Paradox games since, which I felt really challenged my management skill and took it to a new level. I'd love to try something equally or more challenging, regardless of genre. (though obviously strategy of some kind would need to be a key element of gameplay) I generally prefer to play single player but I'm open to multiplayer suggestions, if the community is mature.   Complex games I loved: Pharaoh, Patrician 3, Morrowind, Crusader Kings 2.
[spacechem]	I'm looking for a single player game that rewards planning and strategy as opposed to high speed mouse movements and actions per minute. I'd like the game to be challenging, but not completely unforgiving. Also, it doesn't have to be too complicated or require navigating a ton of menus just do perform a single action.   Games i've tried include FTL (seems a bit too on the random side), Fire Emblem (not really challenging, also not for PC),  Civ 5 (love the game actually, just looking for something new), Dwarf Fortress (what the fuck am i doing)
[galactic civilizations 2, zombie apocalypse, railroad tycoon 3, state of decay, endless space, anno 1404]	Hi guys,  I'm a big fan of games that involve resource management, city building, base management (build up defenses, research new things, buy soldiers, etc), and games with similar features. However, I'm getting very upset at what I feel is a lack of quality amongst current games. As someone who started gaming on an NES when I was about 5 or 6, I feel like the gaming market has become more limited the older I get. I'm not saying that a game has to have adult themes, but the level of interactivity, strategy, and depth in so many games leaves me desiring more.   I've played the Civ games, SimCity (still bitter over EA ruining that series), all of the C&amp;C games, Shogun 2, Roller Coaster Tycoon, and a number of others that I can't think of at the moment.   What else is there?  I'm particularly intrigued with some games that I see on Kickstarter, such as Forsaken Fortress (http://, but I obviously can't play them right now.   I'm open to suggestions. 
[red dead redemption, dark souls]	I have an xbox 360 and a crappy PC that won't run a lot of games without 3 fps.  I have been through TES and the Fallout series way too much and I just need a new game to get addicted to.  I'm thinking Red Dead Redemption, because I like open world games.  Is this a good idea? Just basically any game I can play for hours and hours.   Oh yeah, and for those of you wondering why I want to waste my summer playing games forever, it's because my life has fallen to shit right now and I just need another way to escape other than drugs again.
[transport tycoon, starcraft, openttd]	I like to make efficient use of my spare time, so I usually watch TV (on my computer) and game at the same time.   I enjoy games like Bastion and Xcom, though they run fullscreen so I could only listen to the audio of shows; my previous go-to was Terraria, which was perfect. Unfortunately these games are all played out for me now.  What I'm looking for is a game with simple mechanics that doesn't rely too heavily on sound cues. Something that can be played windowed and while not taking up too much of my 1440 px screen width is a major plus. I don't play a huge variety of games, so if there's an obvious one I've missed let me know!  Thank you for your help!
[league of legends, team fortress 2]	I understand that in all multiplayer games, you play (or should play) in tandem with your fellow players and support them in the game's main purpose. But I'm looking for a particular type.  I suppose what I'm looking for specifically is a game where you can either specialize as, or play a class whose main purpose is that of support (heals,tanks,defense,crowd control)  Examples of recent games I've played which I feel fit this are:  * Borderlands 2 (I spec my character to heal my squad and play as more of a crowd control role)  * Battlefield 3 (I play defensively and like the assault kit most because it allows me to play the medic)  * Torchlight 2 (Once again, I try to spec my character to help people I am playing with)  * World of Warcraft (I played this for quite awhile but grew tired of it. I mainly played healer classes and tank classes. I miss playing these roles, but I don't miss the game)  I want to get into a new game that allows me these responsibilities that can be of any genre. Any suggestions you are able to provide are greatly appreciated. If nothing else, at least it will point me in the right direction
[adventure island , final fight]	I've been racking my brain and trying all sorts of Google searches but I just can't figure out what this old game was called. It was a DOS game I think, it might have been around in the Windows  era though I can't really be sure. Basically in the game you were a hero who went around a little map of a kingdom and did different heroic stuff. There were monsters you could fight, or cities you could attack, things like this. The interesting thing about the game was your character aged and died, or just died from fighting. The way the game kept score was in how many legends were written about him. I might be off a little on some of the details this was some 15-20 years ago. Does anyone know what this game was, it's driving me nuts.
[jak and daxter collection, crash team racing, crash bandicoot, tomba, spyro, mgs]	Hi, I wanted to grab a handheld console, but I'm not entirely sure which one to get. I had a look at the game selections and for the Vita while i can see a handful of games which i do really want to play (MGS HD, Guacamelee, Uncharted, Persona 4 Golden) i am slightly concerned for the future. Whilst this is not really a problem for the 3DS, due to the massive backlog of the DS (and GBA?) Price is not a problem, and i would have no problem investing into PS+. I also do own a PS3. I do have an intention to buy a PS4, however not at launch.  So if you had any advice which could point me into the right direction it would be greatly appreciated. 
[simcity]	Hi, I hope this doesnt sound to stupid, and that I'm in the correct subreddit. I love action games and combat. Some of my favorite games are skyrim, GTA, and halo. But I'm looking for a game that has more to do than kill things, and even though I love great combat systems, a game that has more to offer than just a great combat system. I love open world games the most, an open world is the only thing I like more than a great combat system. Even if its not an open world game, just a game that puts me on an adventure where I do more than kill would be great. Its not that it can't have ANY killing, its just I don't want it to be the main focus of the game. I guess I'm just tired of always killing when I play games. I have an xbox, an xbox 360, but what I like to play games most on is my pc. My pc is pretty low end though and can play most pre-2009 games. I also still love to play my N64. Thanks for your help, and I'd also like to say this subreddit is awesome!  TL;DR looking for an adventure game where I do more than kill, but rather have a great time in the games world.
[crysis]	Just a fair warning, I have a weird taste in gaming/movies.  I am *that guy* who actually enjoyed at least the concept of Resident Evil and Doom movies. I like the fact you're with your buddies.. then boom. The lights go out and monsters come out.  IMO that is what really makes a game a lot scarier than say Dead Space 2 where it is just you constantly caught off guard. I liked the concept of being with people you know like family but put in those situations where you just know some of them will die and how crazy it can get or just a team of you exploring an area you're unfamiliar with.  Are there any games like this? For example I've played:  * [Quake 4](http://  * [Halo: ODST](http:// &amp; [Halo Reach](http:// but I didn't really enjoy Reach nearly as much.  * [Dead Space](http:// Dead Space 2 was less of a "team" effort I felt.  * Left 4 Dead 2 (but looking for more of a single player story game)  * Mass Effect, but I only felt like this when I was sent to a geth/zombie geth trap in the first game.  **TLDR** hoping for a game where you're apart of a team/squad sent to investigate like **[the first Resident Evil film](http://**
[star wars, 1 on 1]	Back a couple of years ago, I used to mainly play Lunia for my PvP fix except that went down the drain after a while since the devs pretty much gave up on it. And it doesn't help that Infinity Online got closed down a couple years ago too.  I'm currently playing DOTA2 as well as various MMOFPS, except those are usually too team oriented for me. I'm looking for something I can play when I want a good 1v1. I'm looking for something that allows players to cover for personal skill rather than gear given room to practice.   I've tried GW2 except the gameplay and large maps were annoying.  Tera didn't really motivate me to grind up to PvP since it would be a even larger grind once I reached level cap.  tl;dr - Need a game that has 1v1 PvP where personal skill matters just about or more than level or equipments.  
[realm of the mad god]	Hello, I was at a friends place last weekend and gaming came up in conversation and another guest mentioned a game that I cannot remember the title to.  It sounded a lot of fun. I'm hoping someone will recognize these features that I recall. Thank you for your time.  An Online massive multiplayer permanent death game. You hit 'ESC' to warp back to town to heal up. It might be free to play. He briefly described a level or boss fight where players all group together and it's exciting and fast paced.   Unfortunately that's all I got. I admit beers were flowing. If anyone recognizes this please reply. Thanks.
[far cry 2]	I really loved the open world of Far Cry 3, along with the shooter gameplay and stealth mechanics. I also have Fallout NV, which is kind of meh for me in terms of stealth, and Deus Ex HR, which I cant really get into. The main thing that appealed to me in Far Cry 3 were the opportunities to approach areas from any spot, scout the enemy, line up your sights and fire at will. The 50 cal was my best friend in that game. Another game in the same line I'm looking for was Skyrim. Long range archer was awesome for me.  TL;DR: Open world game with good shooter gameplay and stealth elements  Edit:Also, I only have a 360
[animal crossing]	Lately, games I've been playing lately are more mature. Even the developers that I associate with those games have moved in a mature direction (Naughtydog, Insomniac, etc). The latest that sticks out in my mind was the original Jak and Daxter years ago. Any games you guys would recommend that would make me feel like a kid again without being a game for kids per se? Bright colors, good challenges, a setting that feels somewhat magical without feeling ridiculous.  EDIT: Should have probably mentioned, was looking for something for PS3. 3DS works too, though I really would prefer a console game.
[street fighter, fifa, nba]	I have two Logitech dual action controllers, which work great for playing co-op on the LEGO series of video games.  This also works well for two-player SNES ROM games.  I'm wonder if you'll have any recommendations for other PC games that have co-op or vs modes?  In particular games that work with the logitech controllers?  Also I have three monitors on this computer so I'm wondering if there are any games that can take advantage of multi-monitor, like instead of a split-screen it could just project on one screen for each player (it's probably a stretch that such a game exists)  Please no "go buy a console"  already know that consoles are more geared towards this sort of thing ;)
[back to the future, the lost city, puzzle agent, broken sword, broken sword, broken sword, broken sword, golden apple, time machine, theresia, myst, myst, myst, myst, myst, myst, myst, myst, myst, myst, myst, myst]	My dad has a lot of time on his hands. he has recently requested I find him a game similar to "Where in the World is Carmen San Diego?" He wants to be faced with logical puzzles that are challenging but not arbitrary. He has been playing free trials of point and click games on his iPad that involve finding hidden items and following a linear trail. He wants the puzzles to involve cognitive thinking. He also wants to be able to explore and go down different paths(even if it doesn't lead anywhere). Greatly appreciate any suggestions you can give. Thanks!
[guild wars 2]	 Kind of like a siege game where you are the siege-er.  Return Fire was such a game for the Genesis, it's the only game I know of that's exactly what I'm looking for.  Basically you took command of a few military vehicles and slowly eliminated all enemies on the map to classical music.  It took a lot of patience.  Constant hit and run.  http://    [Images](https://;gs_ri=psy-ab&amp;gs_mss=sega+genesis+flight+of+the+bumblebee+&amp;suggest=p&amp;pq=sega+genesis+flight+of+the+bumblebee&amp;cp=10&amp;gs_id=1p&amp;xhr=t&amp;q=return+fire&amp;,or.r_qf.&amp;bvm=bv.48175248,;biw=1148&amp;bih=436&amp;um=1&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;hl=en&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=og&amp;sa=N&amp;tab=wi&amp;ei=R0TDUa2FH8fb4AOhlYGYAw)  It's 20 years old though so I doubt many have played or remember it.
[monster shooter, killing floor]	My favorite game of all time is TF2, and I've realized that my favorite gaming experiences have been as a regular on a well moderated, all-talk TF2 pub with a very friendly atmosphere. The games had a less "tryhard" feel to them, and while everyone wanted to win, having fun was more important and things never got too heated up (usually).  I suppose what I'm really looking for is emulating playing a game with friends, except I have no friends to play with. All of my gaming friends play LoL nowadays, and I haven't been able to get into it, being a DotA purist (burned out with the DotA community right now though, hence the post).  Are there any multiplayer-games with decent-sized communities out there that can capture that feeling? I'm open to trying any genre.
[counter-strike: global offensive, call of duty: modern warfare 3, call of duty: black ops, counter-strike: source, counter-strike: source, team fortress 2, team fortress 2, team fortress 2, tribes: ascend, left 4 dead 2, planetside 2, garry's mod]	I haven't gamed much in the last several years.  10 years ago it was half life, counterstrike, quake 2/3 that were popular.  What games are popular like that today? (including war/military themed games)    Also how fast paced are these games. I'm looking for something at least a little bit fast and not where you crawl on your stomach for 5 minutes to shoot one person.   edit: to be clear.  I'd like a list of games, maybe from most popular down to like 5th most popular, just so I can get an idea of what games are most played.  Plus your recommendation after that if you desire.
[battlefield bad company 2, red orchestra, battlefield 3, battlefield 2]	I'm looking for games that capture the action and experience of war. I have played ARMA (2 and 3) and while it is realistic, it doesn't portray the panic and bullets whizzing over my head, so I don't want a game similar to ARMA. I have a feeling people may suggest Spec Ops: The Line for its story but since you are mowing down hundreds of enemies it doesn't seem to do it either. Battlefield does a good job with its sounds, but war doesn't really happen that way.  I'm looking for a game that makes me worried when bullets start flying towards me. I want it to bring me into the game with its atmosphere. That includes its stylized graphics and music. I'm hesitant to make the comparison to a war movie, but something along the lines of *The Thin Red Line* would be ideal.  I would prefer to control a single soldier, which would mean FPS or TPS, but I'm open to any genre and any time period.  I'd be happy to expand on more points if needed.
[vs.]	Got a lot of flight time to kill and I haven't checked the app store in a while, so maybe some of you guys could give me a heads up on a decent iOS game. ;)  I like RPGs, but I also wouldn't mind something different.  Some games I already have:  * Dungeon Hunter 2 (it's alright, but couldn't play that for an extended period of time)  * Chaos Rings II (already played through)  * Crimson Gem Saga (but it crashes upon random encounters since iOS5. No patch since then)  * Civ Revolution (maybe I should play that)  * Galaxy on Fire 2 
[dragon age: origins]	I'm not sure why, but I always find games where I create my own characters/creatures/places *insert other noun*  engrossing. Even if it is part of a tried and true series (The Elder Scrolls) or a slowly dying hack-n-slash (Koei's Warriors series) I always find more of a return on time invested watching what happens with my created object and seeing what they go through. I've played the majority of Sims titles, and Civ/AoE/Spore have my strategy fix.  TL;DR Create your own player games.  EDIT: Someone suggested I do a list of games that I have played/ yourselves.  For PS3 Infamous   Infamous2   Final Fantasy XIII   Final Fantasy XIII-2   Killzone 2   Killzone 3   Modern Warfare 2   Black Ops   Modern Warfare 3   Black Ops 2   Soul Calibur 4   Soul Calibur 5   Street Fighter 4   Fallout 3   Fallout New Vegas   Borderlands   Borderlands 2   MAG   Batman Arkham Asylum   Bioshock 1   Bioshock 2   Bioshock Infinite   Ratchet and Clank   Ratchet and Clank: Going Commando   Ratchet and Clank: Up Your Arsenal (also own all 3 on PS2)   Ratchet and Clank Future: Tools of Destruction   Ratchet and Clank Future: A Crack in Time   Jak and Daxter   Jak 2   Jak 3 (like the R&amp;C series, also own on PS2)   Deus Ex: Human Revolution   XCOM: Enemy Unknown   Dynasty Warriors 6: Empires   Dynasty Warriors 7   Dynasty Warriors 7: Xtreme Legends   Dynasty Warriors 7: Empires   Battlefield Bad Company 2   Battlefield 3   Injustice: Gods Among Us   Assassins Creed   Assassins Creed 2   Assassins Creed Brotherhood   Assassins Creed Revelations   Assassins Creed 3   Mass Effect 2   Mass Effect 3 (Going to be getting the first sometime in the next 24 hours)   Dungeon Hunter: Alliance   White Knight Chronicles 1   White Knight Chronicles 2   Disgaea 1   Disgaea 2   Disgaea 4   Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning   Need For Speed: Most Wanted   The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim   Demon Souls   Dark Souls   Front Mission Evolved   Dragons Dogma   Dragons Dogma: Dark Arisen   Resident Evil 5   DmC: Devil May Cry   NFL Blitz   Army of Two   Brink   Castlevania: Lords of Shadow   Crysis   Crysis 2   Darksiders   DC Universe Online   Dead Nation   Dead Rising 2   Dishonored   Dragon Age: Origins   Dragon Age 2   Just Cause 2   Outland   The King of Fighters XIII   Modnation Racers   LittleBigPlanet   LittleBigPlanet 2   LittleBigPlanet Karting   Naruto Shippuden Ultimate Ninja Storm Generations   NIER   Oddworld Strangers Wrath   The Orange Box   Payday: The Heist   Prototype   Prototype 2   Red Dead Redemption   Red Faction: Guerrilla   Resistance: Fall of Man   Section 8   Saints Row 2   Saints Row 3   Sleeping Dogs   Spec Ops: The Line   Star Wars: The Force Unleashed   Star Wars: The Force Unleashed 2   StarHawk   Tekken 5   Tekken 6   Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2   Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier   Tomb Raider   Two Worlds II   Uncharted 3   Warhammer 40,000 Space Marine   Warriors Orochi 3   XMen: Destiny   Valkryia Chronicles    Xbox 360   Halo 3   Halo Reach    Halo 4   Gears of War   Fable 2   RAGE   The Last Remnant   Call of Duty: World at War   Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2    PS2   Ace Combat 4: Shattered Skies   Ace Combat 5: The Unsung War   Amplitude   ATV Offroad Fury 2   Batman: Rise of Sin Tzu   Burnout 3: Takedown   Burnout Revenge   Call of Duty 2: Big Red One   Call of Duty 3   Crash Bandicoot: The Wrath of Cortex   Crash Twinsanity   Digimon World 4   Dragon Ball Z Budokai 2   Dragon Ball Z Budokai 3   Dragon Ball Z Budokai Tenkaichi 2   Dragon Ball Z Budokai Tenkaichi 3   Dynasty Warriors 3   Dynasty Warriors 3: Xtreme Legends   Dynasty Warriors 4   Dynasty Warriors 4: Xtreme Legends   Dynasty Warriors 4: Empires   Dynasty Warriors 5   Dynasty Warriors 5: Xtreme Legends   Dynasty Warriors 5: Empires   Dynasty Warriors 6   Final Fantasy X   Final Fantasy X-2   Final Fantasy XII   FlatOut 2   Gauntlet: Dark Legacy   Grand Theft Auto 3   Grand Theft Auto: Vice City   Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas   Hotwheels: Velocity X   Jade Cocoon 2   Jak and Daxter   Jak 2   Jak 3   Jak X: Combat Racing   James Bond 007: Nightfire   Justice League Heroes   Kessen II   Katamari Damacy   Kingdom Hearts   Kingdom Hearts RE: Chain of Memories   Kingdom Hearts 2   The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning   Will post the rest tomorrow.   
[borderlands 2, mw2]	I have so much of an option that i'm asking /r/gamingsuggestions What game or games should I get?  Specs of PC (Asus G75): Windows 8 8GB Ram GTX 670MX (laptop card) i7-3630QM @   So, running almost any game is easy. I was looking into Fallout 3, but I've heard of some compatibility issues with Windows 8. Is this true? I like shooters, RPGs, Simulation, and Strategy games the most. I'm tempted to get CoD: MW or MW2 but I don't wanna spend the money if no one plays those anymore. I also am intrigued by GTA IV but I heard the driving was wrecked on that game and makes it unplayable. If it's anything like Saints Row: The Third I should be fine. I also am intrigued by the Civilization IV, but if that game requires alot of thinking and super strategizing, then I'm not gonna be able to keep up with it. At all.   You can look at the games I own already here: http://  Thanks!   EDIT: More accurate link displaying my owned games added.
[might and magic, rise of nations, capitalism 2]	Hello, I'm interested in 4X game that I can play with a couple of friends.  The games that have MP (LAN or net) that I'm aware of are  * Paradox Interactive grand strategies (like Crusader Kings 2 or EU3) Not strictly 4X, but close enough. * Games from Civilization series * Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri * Master of Orion 2 * Endless Space (but I don't find it that fun in the long run)  Unfortunately, it seems like none of the games made by Stardock have a multiplayer.  What other 4X games you played and/or can recommend for multiplayer?
[plants vs zombies]	I'd like to get my girlfriend into playing some games. I only have my PC at my disposal and two USB controllers. I've been thinking of teaching her Minecraft but to be honest, I'm a little bored with it myself. Perhaps I could buy Limbo or Braid. She absolutely can not handle a game like Amnesia or the like, as hilarious as it may be. And I don't think she'd be into something as complex as Elder Scrolls or Fallout. Any ideas?  EDIT: Thanks for all the great suggestions! I've decided to start with Limbo and The Walking Dead. From there I'll work in some Mario 64 and perhaps a lego game. Thanks again!
[gothic 2, pop up]	I am looking for something interesting to play, and have been searching through recommendations on this subreddit, but so many suggested are the same: Fallouts, Planescape, Just Cause 2, Bioshocks, Witcher 2, Minecraft, Dark Souls, and so on. I've been a gamer for years and have tried all these! Give me the game you love that no one really talks about, something that isn't universally praised and popular but has a special place in your heart as an amazing game.  PC is the preferred platform, but I can emulate nes/snes/n64. Related, you can suggest games which are best with a gamepad.  Edit: I don't mind old games. I might actually prefer them. Just gimme anything you got!
[borderlands 2]	Greetings.   I'm looking for games that have emphasis (or at least allow) scavenging (for resources / ammo / junk / artifacts, whatever)  Any genre will do, from open world RPG's to super linear fps games.   I need them to be slightly older because my pc is not the best thing ever and I'll upgrade only in the end of the year. Also new games are expensive. I just finished Metro 2033, the natural thing would be to play Metro: Last Light but it's still freakin' 35 quid on amazon! And I got 2033 for only 5 quid.  Games in this genre that I played (and loved):  Fallout 3 / New Vegas   Clear Sky / Call of Pripyat  Metro 2033  Bioshock 1,2 (not exactly like the others but still, some scrounging was done, and the games were awesome).  Games I didn't like:  Dead Space (I dunno, it's just absolutely meh. Cheap scares don't sell me, story didn't attract in ~2 hours of play time, abandoned and never picked up again)  Alan Wake - it didn't do it for me.   Penumbra/Amnesia - these were good for what they are, but not exactly what I wanted. Need to scavenge - sure, but overall it's more horror than needed. I mean this IS the point of the game, but yet again it's not for me.   **I guess I should mention zombie games**. I played Dead Rising 2 - it was SUPER FUN for about 30 minutes, it was regular fun for about 2 hours, and I never picked it up after that. Too repetitive.  Dead Island was moderately fun, but I'm forever alone and that game was designed with friends in mind. Got bored of it eventually.  **TL;DR** looking for games similar to Fallout / STALKER / Metro / Bioshock   **EDIT:** I also own a PS3, so suggestions for that are also welcome. Thanks.
[x3: albion prelude, x rebirth]	I wanted to know of anyone had any recommendations for a space exploration game that, while it has combat, it does not focus on it specifically. I want to command my own starship and settle disputes between other cultures, puzzle out how to save colonies from a recently encountered worm hole, and yes.. *sometimes* fight off waring empires.  I'm essentially looking for something that mimics any given Next Generation episode.   Games that don't make the cut:  FTL - Fantastic game, but it's just about combat  Star Trek Legacy - Terrible game, and it's just about the combat  Galactic Civ - Great game, but it's a 4X, not what I'm looking for.  Artemis - It's a blast to play, but I don't want to have tons of friends over to play, and it's **just about the combat.**  Subscription MMORPGS - Because I only wanna pay for my game once. Frankly, I'd prefer single player games, but I'd be open to MMOs.  ---  Is Star Trek Online any good? I've heard wretched things.. and that it's almost solely about (poorly designed) combat. 
[chivalry: medieval warfare]	Crazy as it may  havent really found one that fits what I will enjoy. first or third person view type game  it cant be too old by now for one... a friend tried to show me dark messiah awhile ago, but it features magic, so that isnt really melee  some more recent game featured getting shot with arrows while you are trying to sword and board against opponents, sounds pretty lame  dark souls multiplayer also features some sort of magic (i heard anyway) instead of just being combat  vindictus features the 3-5 minute dungeon run. (ridiculous. but otherwise this is a good game if it wasnt for this major flaw, and i have tried dragons nest and a couple other similar games that werent as good as vindictus)  so  really think of anything else. i know what im looking for probably doesnt exist, but it totally should. im just tired of seeing hundreds of new gun games every year, they bore me to death (and yea im really tired and this post probably looks like shit lol)
[torchlight 2, civ]	Right now i have a lot to study and not much time for playing, so i'm looking for some games that are enjoyable even in short bursts. I take 1-2 pauses daily, for half an hour, so even if i'd love to play some games like ck2, civ5 or a good rpg, i feel that it's too little time to really start enjoying it and i don't get much accomplished.   The last game i played that was perfect for short sessions has been "tomas was not alone", just 5-10 levels each time, 2-3 minutes for each level. I'm also playing some roguelike, few dungeons level at a time, and i'm really looking forward Rogue Legacy.    Do you guys have any suggestion?
[dragon age: origins]	I just finished up with FFX and loved it.  I'm not too interested in many other Final Fantasy games, but I'm looking for an RPG that I can just spend some time on and enjoy playing.  I don't need something SUPRA HORDCORE CHOLLONJ MODE like Dark Souls, which I just find infuriating.  At the moment I am considering:   * One of the Elder Scrolls games (I have Morrowind-Skyrim, and Daggerfall but I haven't set up anything to be able to run it.)  * Mount and Blade: Warband  * Obtaining FF XII (Used to have it around but I lost it.)  FFX is the only Final Fantasy game I have played all the way through, and I have a copy of VII around, I think, but it wasn't just so spectacular, although I didn't get much past the first bit in the power station-y place.  I also have III (aka VI) on a snes emulator.  RPGs I have played and enjoyed: FFX, Chrono Trigger, Onimusha: Dawn of Dreams, Mount and Blade series, Fallout 3/NV (honestly didn't like the old ones), Elder Scrolls 3-5
[black and white 2]	Let me explain a bit. I love games where you start with nothing and eventually grow more and more powerful and influential as time goes on, gaining vast amounts of power and wealth and turning your hideout into a grand castle, or turning small villages into bustling massive industrial cities that devoid the land of all resources and beauty, OR conquering more and more of the globe until the entire land/city/planet is under your influence.  The thing is I want games that let me SEE this. Games that let me see my little hut grow into an upgrade able fortress, a game in which I can literally see the mining of the land and building of houses or factories, and where you can actually see the cities of the lands you conquer grow as you overtake the globe.  This can apply to ANY genre. Absolutely any game that shows you growing in power visually, be it a city builder, an RPG or adventure, an RTS war simulator, or so on. So long as I can SEE this growth.  For example, Crusader Kings is all played on a boardgame. I can't SEE my cities or my armies or castles or anything like that.  In Civ V, for example, you can actually notice your cities grow visually and buildings be built on each plot of land you take over.  Regarding RPGs or adventure games, use Overlord for example. Your little dark tower thing turns from a rotting ruin into a Mordor-esque upgradeable fortress that looks cooler as the game progresses.   Stuff like that you know? It might be a bit confusing of a thing to want in a game, but maybe you guys would know what I mean.
[trine 2, wii u]	I have some friends coming over to my place later today and we're looking for a fun game to play together. It could either be coop or competitive, online or offline. We need to be able to all play at the same time either splitscreen or all on the same screen. We already played a lot of Awesomenaults, Castle Crashers and Scott Pilgrim and are looking for something else. No sports game and Terraria is not an option. Chivalry : mediaval combat looks fun, but is only on PC, is there something similar on consoles? 
[okami hd, okami hd]	Like a lot of people, I played The Last of Us recently, and I've found it difficult to jump into other dark or intense games right now. I played Flower again today, and it was really refreshing to be removed from the violence I've become accustomed to. Any suggestions of other games like that I should try? I also enjoy tycoon and time-management type games (think Tropico or RollerCoaster Tycoon), or just something simple and fun (like Journey).  Edit: Thank you all for the suggestions! I will definitely give these a try!
[gsb]	I'm looking for a Sci-fi game where you can go from ground/station to space/ship (doesn't have to be seamless/no loading), explore the SolarSystem/Universe, but most of the time you need more skill to win fights than stat points because fighting is action not rpg.  I guess I'm asking for an OpenWorld/RandomGenerated/Roguelike 3d Sci-fi game to roleplay/get immersed in. Something along the lines of Mass Effect 1/2 with more freedom on what your doing and who you are, or similar to Star Trek online but a little better handled (I feel STO gets boring after a bit, mainly ground battles are tedious). 
[the walking dead]	This is obviously quite broad and nonspecific, but I'm looking for games with emotional stories. Something along the lines of To the Moon or Journey. I'll give examples of games I've played that fit, and games that I plan to play that seem to fall into the same category.  **I've played:**  *To the Moon*  Bastion  *Ico*  *That Cheap and Sacred Thing*  *Shadow of the Colossus*  *The Walking Dead*  Spec Ops: The Line  *Katawa Shoujo*  Thomas Was Alone  *Journey*  Kingdom Hearts 1 &amp; 2  Today I Die  *Okami*  **I plan to play:**  Lone Survivor  Dear Esther  Mass Effect 1-3  The Last of Us  **Games I have played or plan on playing that I don't consider to fit:**   Heavy Rain (Iffy on this one. I didn't think it was that emotional but I know it was for some/most)  Bioshock Infinite  Catherine  Bioshock 1 &amp; 2   Uncharted 1-3  Assassin's Creed 1-3    **Notes:** I chose to state a preference for indies because story-based indie games tend to focus mainly on the story, as opposed to AAA games, which usually use the story as a backdrop to contextualize the gameplay. There are also obviously far more indie games than there are AAA games, so I figure there'll be more to choose from. Length is not an issue, which should be obvious given my inclusion of Today I Die. Flash games are also alright too. I should also mention that it's alright if the game doesn't have a straight-up traditional narrative. I was tempted to list The Binding of Isaac in the games I've played but figured it would just throw people off. TBoI has a fantasic story, but it's buried within many different playthroughs and a lot of reading between the lines. Oh, and good music is **always** appreciated. Italicized titles are games that epitomize what I want out of a game's story.  My favourite games tend to be games of emotional consequence for one reason or another, so I'd really like to discover more of them. Any help is appreciated.
[minecraft, minecraft, xbox]	Need some fun games to play with my old lady as the only game she's ever really fallen in love with is Skyrim, which means she ends up hogging the TV sometimes....  We've played some Borderlands together but she's not very experienced with shooters and the combat is a bit too relentless/fast-paced for her. Any suggestions for games we can enjoy together, with a slightly slower combat pace that still has plenty of action?   E: Xbox 360, should have specified. Thanks for the great ideas so far, this sub is always super helpful. 
[15 minutes, level 5]	It doesn't really matter what platform or genre.  What I really want is what everyone seems to be asking about these days, a procedurally generated space "sim" where I can go off and explore and find random stuff, but that doesn't exist right now unfortunately.   I really don't know what I want anymore.  Random loot drops in random places with no level requirements. I want to find something cool and not have to wait til I'm level 60 to use it.   Geez, a lot more suggestions than I expected haha.  Though, I own most of the games recommended.   Frankly, while the Bethesda games (especially Fallout 3/NV) do kind of work for me, I HATE hate hate the engine they use, I hate their sound effects, and I hate the general feel of the games. I've also played them to death, so there is that!  I will check out Mount and Blade: Warband for sure.  I used to own the original M&amp;B when it was in Beta, but I lost my key a long time ago, before it even reached release :(  There are a few other promising looking games on here for sure. Thank you!  I think I realized:  I want a game that makes me feel like a pioneer.  Discovering a place for the first time, (but **really** for the first time, since it's random.  I might actually go play Minecraft anyway, but I wish there was more to do in it.)
[this game, hard time]	I'm a huge fan of games that I can customize my character's loot as well as their statistics, perks, skill points.  I've played all the Bethesda games (Fallout 3, New Vegas, Oblivion etc etc) but want a game where I can immerse myself in the world, the characters, the items, and feel like I'm living in an alternate universe.  Are there any games like these out there? Bonus points for randomly enchanted gear and/or random encounters. So long as the game has loot, I'm sure I'll like it.  I've also played Borderlands 1 and 2, and they scratched the loot itch but I want something MUCH deeper. (something akin to PoE's skill tree diversity)
[dark souls]	Hey guys, looking to try a new game. I have my gaming tower set up like a console right now (hooked up to a TV in front of the couch), so I would prefer something that plays well on a 360 controller. I love the immersive worlds of Elder Scrolls games, as well as Fallout 3 and New Vegas (and the originals, but those aren't controller friendly). And yes, I've already played all of these fully modded out. I like the Assassin's Creed series as well, in theory, except the lack of progression curve makes them boring. I've heard good things about Dark Souls, but it sounds like it might be a little stressful for something I'm playing to unwind. Any suggestions would be appreciated. Thanks.
[romance of the three kingdoms, dynasty warriors, dynasty warriors, dynasty warriors, samurai warriors, warriors orochi, dw6, dw6]	God this looks like a big franchise. I've been scouring the Wikipedia pages for most of the games and came away utterly confused.  My main questions are:  * Is there an overarching story to keep track of, or rather, is there any compelling reason to play them in order? * Which ones are considered "must-plays"? * Should any be avoided? * How do the handheld games differ and are any of them worth playing? * Are any of the spin-offs worth playing (Samurai Warriors, Dynasty Warriors: Gundam, Warriors Orochi, etc). If so, which ones?  I have a PS2 and PS3 so that should cover.. all the major releases? And a Vita, which can play the digital PSP games. Thanks a lot for the help guys, I truly am lost with this series.
[animal crossing]	I host vintage gaming parties, and the 'Adult' games are always a favorite (with guys *and* girls!).    The parties have progressed to the 21st century, where my knowledge hits a brick wall.   I need fun games like [Sextris](http:// or [Gal's Panic](http://;feature=endscreen&amp;NR=1#t=7m30s) from the 21st century.  Requirements:  -Sex and/or nudity that's fun  -Can be picked up quickly and enjoyed in 5 minutes ( not Leisure Suit Larry)  -Not Rapey.   -Online Flash Games are welcome too  Any help with this most urgent matter facing humanity would be greatly appreciated.
[zombie apocalypse, sim city, gta]	Hello all.  [These are some games that I have greatly enjoyed. (Click!)](http://  The latest has been Singularity, which was recommended to me by a friend after I was talking about having played the three  games on PC and Metro 2033/Last Light on the Xbox 360.  I'm looking for something similar to play now. The only real preferences that I have is that if possible, I'd like the game to be set in post-apocalyptic '', purely because I find the American propaganda to become tiring a lot faster than any other.  Besides that, as little on rails guiding between in game cut-scenes as possible. What I mean is, I'd rather be able to move around during dialogue and examine rooms/environments (Singularity) rather than being forced to have my character stare in a set direction.. or look at his hands in awe for ages.. or generally stop me from moving at all (Metro Last Light). A staple of modern 'cinematic' games it seems.  Oh, and on Xbox 360. If not, PC is fine too!   Thanks for any suggestions! Good hunting.
[battle for wesnoth]	Hello all. I'm in a bit of a gaming slump, and I'm also broke; so I'm looking for free games. Flash, emulator, freeware, anything goes.  A metroidvania would be best. Big fan of Symphony of the Night/Aria of Sorrow (only 2 Castlevanias I've played outside of the Nes as a kid) and Super Metroid. Tried some of the Metroids on the GBA, but couldn't get into them. Played a lot of Terraria and a couple of adventure maps for them, but they seemed bland. Loved the base game. Love Cavestory too. Anything Zelda-like would fit here. I'd prefer one with RPG elements, but I'm cool with any metroidvania. Big fan of the genre, haven't played enough of it. (If there is an amazing one for the pc, I could maybe scrape together some cash.)  I'm a big fan of Snes era games, but I've played a lot of them. I never emulated anything past that, but if it's easy now that's no problem. It was a huge headache last I tried, but that may have been 10 years ago.  An rpg would be good, preferably turn based; I haven't played a new one in a while. Played:  * Final Fantasys - All except the japanese 2 and 3  * Chrono Trigger  * Soul Blazer/Illusion of Gaia/Terranigma  *   * Secret of Mana/Evermore- only made it halfway through each, didn't like the combat  * Earthbound/M3  * Phantasy Star 2/4  * Dragon Warrior 1-3  * Breath of Fire - just the 1st one I think  * Lufia 1/2  * Mario Rpg  * Star Ocean/Vagrant Story/Parasite Eve/Xenogears on the PS1  A tactics game like Shining Force or Final Fantasy Tactics would be great.  Got Golden Sun and Fire Emblem for the GBA but haven't played them. Tried FF Tactics Advance, but not for long.  Haven't played many roguelikes, but I like what I've seen. I need some halfway decent graphics to enjoy one though. Only really played FTL and Bindings of Isaac.  Any other genre is good too, played a lot of platformers, fps, rts, sandbox, and 4x games.  I play a couple of games on the Starcraft 2 arcade (Desert Strike mainly, but it doesn't run well in the 2nd half, this laptop is a bit crap), so any suggestions there would be good as well.  I check the free to play section of Steam now and then, but that's mostly MMOs, and I'm not looking to chase that dragon again.   Like I said I'm in a bit of a gaming slump, so if you can "sell" the game to me (describe why its good), I would appreciate it. Got a backlog of Steam games:  http://  so if there's anything there that I'm missing out on, that works too.
[fire emblem]	I just got a 3DS XL and am loving it so far.  The list of released games for the 3DS isn't very long at this point, so it wasn't hard for me to look through and realize that there currently aren't many RPG's in the Final Fantasy style (should I be saying JRPG...?) that are exclusively for the 3DS.  Has anyone heard about any upcoming (unreleased, rumored, etc.) games for the 3DS that will be like a Final Fantasy?  Will those rumored FF games being developed for the 3DS ever be released?  I'm really just looking for a reason to hold off on buying more games now if RPG's like this are going to be coming out for the 3DS in the future.
[dark souls]	As the title says, I'm looking for a Fantasy or Sci-fi game.  I just want something I can jump into and play for hours and get immersed into it.   It doesn't bother me if the story is poor if the combat is great and vice versa.   I'll list some of the games I've played that I've enjoyed to give a sense of what I'm looking for.  * Baldur's Gate 1/2 * Borderlands 1/2 * Deus Ex * Diablo 1/2/3  (Really enjoyed the combat in 2 and 3) * Dishonored (Not fantasy, or Sci-fi, but the steampunk-esque was enough) * Guild Wars 2 * Icewind Dale 1/2 * Kingdoms of Amalur  * Legend of Grimrock * Magicka  * Mass Effect 1/2/3 * Neverwinter Nights 1/2 * Oblivion/Nehrim * Planescape Torment * Skyrim * Star Wars; A lot different SW games * Torchlight 1/2 * Witcher 1/2   Anything similar to the above would be fantastic.  
[strategy games, civilization v, minecraft]	So the situation is as follows - in my work I have a few free hours a day, while some experiments take place (I work at a lab). In the past months my coworkers and I had set up a minecraft server and successfully played it during the free time. But we feel a need for a new game. Could you possibly suggest a few games that match these criteria: 1. Needs to be multiplayer 2. Possibility of a local server 3. A game that can be played be one player while others are inactive (like in minecraft, you can mind your own business even if others are at that particular moment inactive).   TL;DR need a game like with multiplayer system like that of a minecraft Thanks in advance!   
[dragon age: origins]	I figured out a few days ago that I absolutely love playing as a dwarf when I installed TLD (lord of the rings mod) for Mount and Blade. I just love everything about them. Are there any games that I can RP as a dwarf? Requirements:                                                                                                                                   -Open World                                                                                                        -I can play as a Dwarf                                                                                                                            -Not World of Warcraft                                                                   -I'd prefer it to be medieval, or I suppose steampunk                                                          -I'd prefer it to have normal aiming combat (as opposed to traditional MMO combat) and fun combat                                                        -Lots of gameplay                                                                       -I'd also prefer if it had decent graphics                                                 
[metroid , ultima 7, xbox]	Apologies if this has been posted before, but I have not seen it on here before.    My question to you all is what games have you played that make you truly emotional (and even bring a tear to your eye)or have such a great story that you have to just say "wow that was a masterpiece"   The games I consider to fit this description and have played are...  - the last of us  - bioshock 1,2, infinite  -red dead redemption  - the darkness 1/2  - dishonored  - The walking dead game   But I Need more r/gamingsuggestions! I have an empty feeling, (like ill never play something on that level ever again), after finishing the last of us yesterday   All of your suggestions would be much appreciated  (I am a ps3/360 owner if that matters)  
[thief: deadly shadows, thief 2]	Like from the Zelda (Shadow Temple, Forest Temple, Bottom of the Well, Ikana Canyon, etc.), Megaman Legends (literally every dungeon and reaverbot creeped me out), and Thief (prison level, etc.) series. I swear, the Megaman Legends series should be renamed Megaman: Pure Terror from all the creepy vibes and jumpscares it gave me. Are there any other games maybe not intended to be scary but with incredibly creepy environments/dungeons or enemies you dread to face? I don't mean just one level from a game, it has to be a common trend. Maybe two, three, or even more creepy areas. 
[my boyfriend, mass effect, tomb raider, heavy rain]	Since my wife and I moved in together, I haven't really been playing many video games because we're still honeymoon-y and like to spend a lot of time together. But she told me that she really enjoys watching other people play video games (in person) because "It's like TV that you can yell at".  So I'm excited to start playing video games again. I started playing Assassin's Creed (yes, the first one.. I know I'm behind the times), but I feel bad because it's kind of boring to watch. She assures me otherwise, but there's a lot of downtime running around and climbing shit without anything happening.  I have a PS3 and a gaming computer, both are hooked up to my TV so she can watch something on either. I also have a SNES/NES/Genesis emulator and a N64 if anyone wanted to suggest things for those?  I personally like 3rd person adventure/action/platform-y games. I love Ratchet and Clank and Sly Cooper. So I'm thinking about playing some of those with her.   Two games she's said she wants me to play are The Last of Us and the new Tomb Raider game.  Any more suggestions? 
[mass effect trilogy]	Hi guys. I have a lot of free time until the middle of august so I wanted some games to try out - I'm not sure if there are any I haven't played yet but we'll see.   **I only have a PC because I am a sad little man**   What I Like:  -Open world games  -Games where you can fully create your own unique character  -Games that n some way are RPG's (Doesn't have to be the old-school get out a stat-calculator type.)   In other words a game where you actually feel sucked into the little world.  I've played most of the popular games that might fall into that category, so: Every elder scrolls game, every fallout game, KOTOR one and two (Even tried the mmo, bleh), I've played all of the GTA's, played Diablo 1-2, even played all of the fable games in part (not a fan to be honest). As well as both Farcry 1, 2 and 3, mount and blade and warband as well...    These days I mostly play either Arma2 or 3 but it doesn't have much beyond the shooting, alas. Day-Z tries to go in that direction but doesn't quite get beyond the gun fighting, imho.    Any suggestions you guys have might just make my summer a little less dull!
[dota 2]	A few of my friends and I always enjoy spending a few weeks playing one of those civ/castle-building MMOs where you can make alliances and back each other up so that attacks against any of us always in the middle of the night always fail for the attackers.  The problem I've found is that almost all of these nowadays are very heavily pay-to-win and/or dominated by a few very strong players due to the time involved in building up the civ/castle and the lack of server resets.  Are there any good games like this out there where I can pool resources or my armies with 4-5 of my friends and have a good time?
[break it, you up, aoe, aoe]	So I used to play WoW a few years ago, I just stopped playing GW2, and now I am looking for a new mmorpg. In GW2 I felt that classes didn't really have a role per se, like with the weapon switching could make you go from a tank to DPS right away. So I like how in WoW the classes meant something and each person played their part in things like dungeons and raids. So with that in mind I would also like a game with free to play monthly (I'm ok with buying it initially). I have seen games like Tera and Rift that are now free, can anyone tell me if these are good?  To sum it up, I want a good mmorpg with no monthly fee.
[starcraft, dota 2]	Little background, I started playing League around a year ago, and since then it has kind of taken over all of my game time. I own a video game store, so I spend my time talking games and fixing consoles, and afterwards if I feel like playing something (which most of the time is rare as Im burnt out on games by then), it was always easy to pop in for a match or two and then call it a night.  Ive really become disgusted with the community of LOL, so Im looking for something worth playing now. I have access to most games, as well as own a WiiU and a gaming PC. Just looking for something that has really gripped you and made you want to come back to it. Was thinking Guild Wars 2 might be fun, but dont know enough about it as I never played the first. Any other suggestions welcome!
[endless space, guess it]	I decided to sign up to  during the sale, and purchased both Master of Orion's. I've finally managed to figure out and love the second, but the first I have not yet attempted.  What other Space 4X games would you recommend?  Although it's not necessary, one that's teaches me how to play it a little better than MoO2 would be nice. Even after reading the manual, I still had to watch five or so hours of a Let's Play before I could figure it out.  What would also be nice is one where the combat is a little... easier. There's probably a better way to describe that, but so far ship combat in MoO2 is impossible for me to win at, even when I seem to do everything right. This might be tied into the above thing about conveyance though. 
[zuma]	My mother has been getting bored since she retired. I got her Bejeweled (2, 3), Jewel Quest, Peggle and various "Mystery" games involving finding clues/items.  Additionally, she absolutely loves to play those facebook games like "Candy Crush" (I think that's its name), Crime Wars, etc.   Basically, I'm looking for any fun games I can get for her that are relatively simple. Bejeweled is her absolute favorite, so any other hits like that would be appreciated. Also, I wouldn't mind if anyone has any recommendations for some Facebook games they enjoy so I can tell her about them. Thanks!
[gemini rue]	I like investigation in games, when you have to find your target mostly on your own (Skyrim: Blood On The Ice quest; in the first Assassin's Creed you had to get information about your target's whereabouts, his role, interrogate citizens in smaller quests, it was mostly scripted, but the more you completed these, the easier your final mission could get - you could get maps and help with getting away).   I watched  Noire videos and I find it really awesome, and I would like to play it so bad, but my PC don't want it. Are there games out there with similar gameplay?
[command and conquer red alert 2, unreal tournament 2004, total annihilation, natural selection, satellite reign, king's bounty, rainbow six, warcraft 2, this game, diablo 2, simcity]	I am relatively new to the world of gaming, having only been playing for the last 2 years or so. Since then I've tried to get up to speed with playing through some of the great past titles and franchises such as Half Life, Deux Ex, Monkey Island, Team Fortress, BioShock, Borderlands, Metro, DeadSpace, Final Fantasy and Portal. I've pumped hours into the likes of Eve Online and Guild Wars 2, and have also hugely enjoyed indie titles such as Limbo, Sword&amp; Sworcery, Machinarium and Little Inferno. My question is this: What other great titles out there do I need to play to further my gaming education? I have hit a bit of a brick wall in finding worthwhile new (or old) must-play games. I have to admit I haven't the stomach for anything massively open-worldy such as Skyrim or Fallout New Vegas, and am not hardcore enough for the likes of Dark Souls or Stalker. Any help for a slightly lost noob would be much appreciated!
[runescape]	Hey everyone, how's it going.  I'm here for a suggestion for a PC game. I'm looking after a game with grinding, but doesn't require a lot of mechanical skill like mouse accuracy or good reflexes.  I have serious problems playing Moba type games, so those are excluded. I also can't manage to play platformers, like the new Rogue Legacy for example (i'm level 43 in it and i find it frustratingly hard).   I also find it annoying to play 2-3 hours on a mission just to fail it and have to start it all over ,and i generally dislike games that demand to end an objective or a mission in a strict single way with deadlines. (Had those two problems on heroes of might and magic campaigns)  Having a storyline is a bonus, but is not a must.   So, this pretty much sums it up. I'm looking for a game with good grinding incentive, a non frustrating and skill demanding gameplay.  Thanks everyone, i'll await your suggestions.
[mercenaries: playground of destruction, gta: san andreas, star control, men of war, arma 2]	I'm not sure how to fully explain this type of game. It isn't really one specific genre, but there are common themes. I think the Mount and Blade series best represents this. Port Royale also does, to a lesser extent. For any suggestions, I would prefer it be for the computer.  What I'm looking for are games where the player exists in an ever changing, dynamic battle between various computer controlled factions. However, unlike some games (CIV, EU, and similar), you aren't really bound to any particular side or a target. You just exist as an independent agent who is looking to build up their empire/wealth/country/whatever.   Further in the game, you can start to take sides, subjecting yourself to the battles of the computer, or you can decide to carve out your own space and act as a raider/pirate/legitimate nation/whatever. The eventual goal is to navigate and survive this changing political landscape.  I think a major attraction to this type of game is that you're working for something. You don't start off with a mighty kingdom or vast wealth, and you're certainly not going to be able to take on any of your potential adversaries. You have to build it up yourself, and there is a worry that your work will go to waste.  
[red alert, cold war]	Can you suggest a strategy game for a person who has never played any? So it wouldn't be that difficult to get into it. However it shouldn't be quite like "dumb".  I don't know the exact computer specs, but it is a laptop with Intel Core i5 (probably integrated graphics card) and it will be played on external monitor with 1920x1080 resolution. (So not so "heavy" games, but 1080px support would be nice)  There is no theme preferences, but it would be better if it is something related to real life (World Wars, ancient civilizations and so on. Maybe something with the building aspect (the person enjoys simcity), but anything goes. )  Thank you for your help!
[warcraft 3, tds, ive]	I like playing TD games where I can build my defenses without limits up front and then unleash the waves to see how long I can survive.  I like having "powers" or characters to control like Kingdom Rush as well.  I don't like the open-style games where you have to "juggle" mobs.  I've played Desktop Tower Defense, Kingdom Rush, Gemcraft, Protector, Harvest: Massive Encounter, and probably some others I don't remember.  Several of those have multiple sequels, and I'm not really sure which I've played so feel free to suggest sequels if you think they fit.  I'm leaning towards iPad since TD games play well in that format.  But I'm also ok with something on my computer.  Thanks!
[quake live]	I'm looking for a good PC FPS with multi-player.  I enjoyed Halo 2 on the Xbox back in the day.  I want something with precise shooting (I didn't like TF 2 because it felt sloppy) and an interface I can actually understand and learn(Blacklight Retribution is an example of a really messy interface).  Counter-Strike: GO is $5 on Steam today or for $ I could get GO, Condition Zero, and the original.  Thoughts?  (Edit: CS Source is also $5 separately.  Which version(s) are good for someone just starting out?)  Besides CS, are there any other FPS you would recommend?
[guild wars 2, pick up]	My girlfriend and I are moving to another country and sadly we will be placed anywhere from 45 minutes to 2 hours away from each other. She's got a Macbook Pro, I've got a gaming laptop  I'd love to play an MMO together during those weeknights where we really miss each other. I'm a big gamer. She's not much of one but she's getting there (played through the Mass Effect series, we're playing through Borderlands 2 together. We've beaten Portal 2 and Resident Evil 5 together and she loved watching me play The Last of Us).   So yeah, I've never really been that much into MMOs (except EVE), but I'd love for something that's easy for a relative gaming newbie to pickup (not EVE) that encourages playing together with a ton of staying power.   Thanks!
[okami hd]	Hey guys, I recently dusted off my PS3 after about two years of hiatus and started playing it again over the Summer.  It seems that many of the current generation titles are being sold for real cheap, something between the $15-$20 range.  I would love to know which PS3 Greatest Hits game I should get before getting the PS4.  I mostly play first-person shooters and platformers (such as Jak and Daxter and Killzone).    I am getting the Ico/Shadow of Collosus HD remake and maybe the Jak and Daxter Trilogy remake.  I was wondering if getting the Sly Cooper or Ratchet and Clank HD remake bundles are worth it.  I've played Jak and Daxter 1, Jak 2, and Ratchet and Clank 1 which I loved all.    I also wanted know if Killzone 3 is good enough for a playthrough.  But I would like to know any Platformer/FPS/HD Remakes that are worth getting because you get multiple games for a fraction of a brand new game.  I will be holding off The Last of Us until the prices lower a bit.    As of now my current wish list is:  * Jak and Daxter Collection * Sly Cooper Collection * Ratchet and Clank Collection * Killzone 3 * God of War
[ad infinitum]	I'm looking for a large game, something preferably with a gigantic sandbox-ish world, and preferably something made recently enough that I get to enjoy some pretty scenes. I've played all of the Elder Scrolls and Fallout series, and I'm looking for something hopefully similar. I want something that I can pick up for an hour or two at a time, but something that I'm likely capable of pouring one hundred or more hours into. I know I'm probably asking for too much, but I'd really appreciate it if you posted any ideas you had.  Similarly, if you have any good suggestions for a game that one can progress a character practically ad infinitum, I'd also love hearing about it. As a note here, I've already gone hard into Eve before, and I'm not likely to go back.
[the need for speed, split/second, fun racer]	So I just finished watching the Roosterteeth Lets Play of Fuel, and the game looks like its pretty fun. Although, when I look up reviews of it a lot of people think it comes up short and has a rating of about 5/10. So I was wondering, reddit, should I say "screw it" and buy Fuel, or are there other racing games along the same genre? Im not really into the realistic racing games, so things like Forza arent really interesting. So, what should I get reddit? ( I have both Xbox 360 and PC, but i'd preferably like a game for the 360, but I wasnt sure if there were any good racing games that are PC exclusive?)
[scribblenauts unlimited]	My twin brothers are 12 years old and every Steam sale I try and buy them a new game.  They are VERY much into Minecraft and probably play at least 2 hours a day between the two of them.  They are also into Source games like Portal, TF2, and especially the Half Life series.  During the holiday sale I bought them GMod and they seem to enjoy that a lot.  They also play Universe Sandbox and Antechamber.    I want to buy them a game that will go on sale this week that they can enjoy, possibly something I can also buy myself so we can play together.  They have a dated HP computer that can run source games fine, but wouldn't be able to run games such as Skyrim.   ALSO- Since they are still relatively young I don't like to get them anything too violent or graphic, and no M rated games.  What do you guys recommend?
[lost odyssey]	**GAMES I LOVED**  * GTA IV  * Mass Effect 1-3  * Deadpool  * Borderlands 1 and 2  * The Walking Dead  * Skyrim  * Portal 2  * RuneScape  * Assassin's Creed 1-3  * Skate 2-3  *  Trials Evolution  * Sleeping Dogs  * PROTOTYPE 1-2  **GAMES I LIKE**  * Dragon Age  * Oblivion  * BioShock  * Far Cry 3  * Halo 1-4  * Red Dead Redemption  * The Witcher 2  * Defiance  * Just Cause 1-2  * Forza 3-4  * The Amazing SpiderMan  * WWE Games  * Saints Row 2  **GAMES I DIDN'T ENJOY**  * Spartacus Legends  * Saints Row 3  * Devil May Cry  * Lego Games  * Fable 3  * Battlefield 3  * Max Payne 3  * Dishonored  * Batman : Arkham Asylum 
[thomas was alone]	I've had a steam account for quite some time, but never felt interested in PC gaming. Then I came across a thread in /r/games about a game called Damned. Turns out you can't vote "Yes I'd buy this if it were available on Steam" unless you've purchased/ redeemed a gift/ micro-transactioned.   But I'm a sucker for horror and there's a sale going on, and other than Tomb Raider recently I haven't purchased a game since Borderlands 2 on Xbox. What should I get that's cheap cause I'm broke, and awesome so I don't waste money?
[saints row 3]	In my life of gaming, I have only played 4 RPGs (on the top of my head anyways).   * Skyrim * Mass Effect 1 * Borderlands 2 (Some people might not call this an RPG, but what ever) * Fallout 3  My favorite of all of these is easily Skyrim.  I played ME1 for only like the first two missions but I couldn't get into it that much and I didn't have much time to play it (I rented it for something like 3 days). Maybe I should give that another look or something? I'm not sure.  Borderlands 2 and FO3 I did not really enjoy that much or if not, then I didn't enjoy them at all. I know they're two completely different games and it's unfair to put them together. But I don't like the idea of always having to be concerned about running around paying attention to my health, looking for bullets etc. Sure Skyrim kind of did that, but you looted for either stronger weapons or better armor. I was rewarded for going through dead bodies; I didn't go through bodies to find something I'll just waste and need more again such as bullets.   I guess you could say I'm just looking for a casual RPG where I don't have to too concerned about things and just go about my gaming business. Any recommendations guys?
[ftl: faster than light]	I'm stuck in a game time warp. I've only played a few games over the last 10 years. I would like some suggestions of newer games.   1. My favorite city/civilization games are Sim City 3000, Dwarf Fortress, Civilizations II and III (but not as big of a fan of IV or V), Pharaoh, Caesar III, and Age of Empires II. I've also enjoyed games such as Red Alert and Total Annihilation (and its later incarnation, Spring).  2. My other favorite games were Indiana Jones &amp; the Fate of Atlantis (very old), Myst, Knights of the Old Republic, and Portal.  3. Tie Fighter (very old) -- is there anything like it?
[guild wars 2]	Recently, I've been enjoying a variety of games such as NeverWinter, TERA, and Cube World. I really like MMOs and RPGs, but my problem is that I want to be able to play without "passing" my friends. If I have more time than them, I tend to get ahead, which I do not like. I also do not like waiting on them. I want a game that has PvP and PvE aspects. A really good example of this is RuneScape. The main thing I liked about RS is the Wilderness, where there is open PvP in a dedicated area, unlike TERA. In TERA, level 60s can come and kill level 15s without a significant penalty.   I also enjoy racing games. However, I prefer less hardcore racing games like Sonic, Mario, or Burnout. I had a great time playing Sonic All Star Racing Transformed for free on Steam this past weekend with a couple of friends.  Adventure games are cool too. I enjoy playing MineCraft, Terraria, and DayZ with my friends as well. Any recommended games like this would also be appreciated.   I mainly play League of Legends nowadays, so I am looking for some other multiplayer games to satisfy me. I hope this subreddit can help me!
[xbox 360]	I've looked up lots of controllers, and the Logitech F710 looks like the best option so far, as I am really happy with their products, but I am really too confused to make a decision after seeing mixed reviews everywhere, and I think it would be best to hear from people who have had past experience with this, before actually buying something.  Basically, I want to know:    - which ones work best technically and have the best configuration options, - but just as importantly, which ones are your absolute favorite for comfort and precision? - and finally, which ones have the best total value for what you get; this is especially important since I want to buy serval controllers to play local co-op with.  It would also be a nice bonus if I could also use it for iCade compatible games on my iPad (I heard SteelSeries does this)!  If compatibility is an issue, I currently have a Mac Mini (2012) with Linux, and I'm comfortable tweaking whatever is necessary to get things to work smoothly (I already run Steam natively and through Wine really well).   I would appreciate any tips and programs you have used to optimize things or solve problems!  Thank you in so much in advance for your time!! :)
[dark souls, dark souls, mtg]	Yeah, so I get bored of games pretty fast so I'm looking for one that could appeal me.  What's important is that the atmosphere has to be good (some warm atmosphere, I don't like these games in cold areas and vast landscapes, rather crowded and warm or medieval, like with cities and stuff , the engine should be nice (like smooth movement and animations and such), the gameplay should fit (like that it's fun to play or motivation to play, etc.) and additionally a good story wouldn't harm.  Some games I enjoyed were: Assassin's Creed 1&amp;2, BioShock series, Civilization series, DotA2, Company of Heroes, Gothic 1 and 2 (favourite games), Far Cry 3, Binding of Isaac, Half-Life, Portal series, Don't Starve, Shogun 2, Orcs Must Die!, Evil Genius, Overlord series, The Witcher 2, Crazy Taxi, to give you a little impression  I also find TCG games fun, but lots of them like Eye of Judgement and BattleForge have extra content for which you need to pay or are (BattleForge) pay2win at all, so that kinda sucks. Otherwise, I'm open to that aswell. Games I don't really play are those puzzles like Peggle or Bejewled and stuff though.  I didn't really like Metro 2033 because the atmosphere was so pretty cold. Dungeon Defenders wasn't my kinda thing either. Same goes for Killing Floor.
[dark souls]	I am thinking of something along the lines of: I am going through my story as the good guy, you are going through your story as the good guy... "Oh no!" we both say simultaneously in our respective homes "it's the bad guy" as we point at each other in game and then proceed to have a fight where from my perspective you are skinned as the bad guy, and from your perspective I am skinned as the bad guy.  Seems like if the developer was clever we could both be under the impression that we were good guys in a story, yet have a human to play against.  Cake and eat it to can be had by all. Anything like this exist?
[metal gear solid]	I have played lots of games where you can choose to kill people or play non-lethally. Splinter Cell, Dishonored, Deus Ex, etc. But the thing that really pisses me off is that it's exactly the same either way. For example, you can either snipe people with bullets, or you have this ridiculously long range sleeping sniper shot you can shoot, and *either way*, they stay immobile indefinitely. You can cut a person's throat from behind, or you can choke them out for behind, but either way they'll be down forever.  I know in Disohonored the story is different if you play lethally or non-lethally, but I am really looking for a game where it is functionally different and imminently obvious that you have chosen non-lethal. Where they'll actually wake up in a reasonable amount of time so you need to either kill them or get your ass out of there. I'm *not* looking for a game where the story is simply different if you choose to kill or not kill.  Is there such a game?
[divine divinity]	my parents have been testing the gaming waters lately.  Mom adores point-and-click adventure games. It started with monkey island, which is her favourite. Can I get some more suggestions that are available for steam? It doesn't have to be strictly point-and-click, but it needs adventuring and puzzle-solving  Dad enjoys really immersive RPGs. He played the shit out of Dragon Age and Morrowind once upon a time. He also really likes the Civilization games. Any suggestions for either of those, via steam? i was looking at skyrim for an rpg, and Age of empires for strategy  Any suggestions?  Edit: My dad ended up buying skyrim for himself. Dangit, dad!
[dark souls]	I love open world adventure RPGs. Some things I have played and think establish what I like:  * All Elder Scrolls games, I've even made my own mods. * Fallout 3 / NV * GTA 3 and later. * Two Worlds 2 * Baldur's Gate 1+2 for an older example  Some other games and types that come close, which I have played and may have enjoyed, but aren't like what I'm looking for now:   * Diabloesques (Actual Diablo games, PoE, etc.)  * Metroidvanias (though I generally love these, I've played SotN about 12 times now) * Kingdoms of Amalur * Dragon Age: Origins * Zeldas * JRPGs (in general) * Minecraft (not enough *in* the world to have roleplay immersion) * Roguelikes (not enough RPG "fluff" like traders and other NPCs)  My preference is for a fantasy setting, but if the world is open enough with RPG elements, I'll go for anything. I particularly love being essentially tossed into an open world with little guidance, able to set out in a random direction and decide from the same starting line whether you're going to be a warlord or a magician.  Things that will rule out games from being suitable are forced-story following, or "zoning" if the zones are clearly leveled and intended to be linear. These are mainly my issue with Kingdoms of Amalur or DA:O for instance, which are otherwise quite close to what I like.  
[dawn of discovery, city builder, city builder, anno 2070, anno 1404, tropico]	https://  From the wiki page: "The series can be loosely described as "SimCity in past civilizations with military and economic micromanagement"  I've played most of the above. Caesar, Pharaoh, but not Zeus. I've also played Stronghold 1 and 2 and plan to play 3.  Never a big fan of the Anno games for some reason, but it has all of the elements I usually like. I will try Anno 2070.  Is there any other games you guys can think of? The military aspect is the least important part of the game for me. I like the way these games ask you to fulfill a desire of the growing populace, and then keep fulfilling that desire as new desires pop up. Like providing wine and jewellery to the patricians in Caesar while the rest of the populace is just barely getting enough food.
[jagged alliance 2, the sims]	For the longest time, I wrote off the original X-COM. When the Enemy Unknown was coming out, I decided to see what the fuss was about. I was blown away. It changed my entire outlook on gaming. How could this game that was made when I was two years old be this detailed and indepth?! But my favorite aspect was how you would get attached to each of your little, randomly generated squad members.  So I'm looking for games where you manage a group of something. Could be like FTL, where you have a crew. Maybe something along the lines of a government, like CK2. Stuff like that.
[kerbal space program]	I'm one of those weird people who LOVE crazy numbers that break the game. Nothing pleases me more than million-damage hits in Disgaea or removing the time limit in Viccy and watching my population swell to billions. In short I'm the kind of guy who likes unlimited games where numbers get increasingly crazier.  Some examples:  * Level 90 factories in Victoria * Solar system-sized ships in Star Ruler * Gemcraft Labyrinth (multi-million damage towers) * OpenTTD (huge map with 50,000+ population cities, though sadly airport size caps) * Space Empires 5 (infinite research)  EDIT: Games I've already played (in addition to the above):  * Civilization series * X series * Anno series * Factorio (in infinite game world) * Elder Scrolls series (always looked for no skill cap mods) * Dungeon Defenders (CRAZY numbers) * Prison Architect (infinite land purchases = infinite prison) * Minecraft * Terraria * Disgaea * Star Ruler * Victoria  So, if you can recommend infinite progression games (eg an RPG with no level cap, a strategy with no time limit and growing numbers) I would love you forever and probably offer to have your babies.  PC preferred (so I can get it over the weekend), but PS3 is ok too
[streets of rage]	I'm looking for another game for my girlfriend and I to play together. We loved Castle Crashers, so there's that to go off of.   I've suggested Magicka but she doesn't really like shooting people with magical powers. She prefers to run around and beat people up.  Also Steam doesn't, as far as I can see, have a way to search specifically for local coop. So I'm having trouble even finding many games that are local coop, even forgetting about the simple part.  Things that are necessary:   On PC.  Easy to get into and play.   Local Coop.  At least partial controller support. I have 2 wired Xbox 360 controllers we use.  So far, we have Dungeon Defenders that we're going to give a try, though I'm not sure if she'll like the Tower Defense aspect of it.   Any suggestions you guys have would be really appreciated, especially during the Steam sales that are going on.   Thanks!
[coffee shop, fallout 3]	First off, my favorite game of the past couple years (and, in fact, of all time) is **Dark Souls**. I am 30 years old, I've been gaming all my life, and Dark Souls is definitively my favorite game, ever. It is everything I think gaming should aspire to be. So anything like that would obviously be great.  Generally, I like RPGs and other games that have large, non-linear worlds to explore and lots of things to discover. Recent examples that I've played:  - Borderlands 1 and 2 - Skyrim - Mass Effect 2 and 3 - Dragon Age Origins and Dragon Age 2  I also enjoy strategy games - generally turn based, since I am bad at micromanaging in real time. Recent games I've played in this category:  - Civilization V - Might and Magic Heroes VI - X-Com Enemy Unknown  Finally, I've *always* enjoyed a good platformer (and other "old-school" type games), and I have really enjoyed the resurgence of such games in the Indie community. Games of this type that I have enjoyed over the past couple years:  - Super Meat Boy - Binding of Isaac - Dustforce - Bastion - Limbo - Braid - Mark of the Ninja - They Bleed Pixels - Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet - FTL  I have a PC that can generally handle any current generation game on high settings, and also an XBOX, but I mostly just use that for Netflix these days (ever since I got a USB plug-in controller for my computer, it has become the go-to gaming machine for me for most games)...  Please help! Gaming is my primary hobby and pastime... and I suffer from pretty bad depression, anxiety, and social anxiety... so when I don't have a game to play, those mental illnesses tend to flare up worse than usual. Gaming is my medicine, and I need a new prescription bad!  Thanks guys!  **EDIT** - changed formatting and added some games to lists of "already played"
[muramasa: the demon blade, know how]	Hello everyone, how's it going.   I'm a big fan of the Castlevania games on nds (my favorite being Castlevania: Dawn of Sorrow) ,and today i found out about Dust: An Elysian Tail from a Totaliscuit video.  I want to buy this game very soon, but i'm curious if you guys could suggest me other similar games to Dust: An Elysian Tail for making myself a list.   What i would like to say is that by saying similar, i'm actually mostly interested in other games with a similar graphics style (of course similar gameplay would be great too). I really love that type of graphics.  Here is TotalBiscuit video for reference (http://   Thanks everyone!
[dark souls]	Are there any games where I have a lot to do?   I'm looking for an RPG where I have a lot of choice, where I can go exploring, or crafting, or buy property in a city, or change the clothes of my character, or do lots of other things. A little bit like Fable 2, but more in depth. Either this in a game or a mod for a game which adds it.   I'm looking for a game on PC or console, but not too high end on the PC, as my laptop can just about play Oblivion, or Skyrim at a push.   Thanks.   Similar games I've already played:  * Fallout 1-NV (no mods)  * TES 3-5 (no mods)  * Fable 2  * Mount and Blade (no mods)  * STALKER (no mods)
[under development, under development, space battles]	I am a big fan of the M&amp;B series but much prefer a sci-fi setting, so i was wondering if there was anything that fit the bill. What I'm looking for: * Starting from nothing and building up your forces. * Freedom with what roles you can play. (such as Combat Focused or Trade Focused etc.) * Very open world * A full game, not just a mod of an M&amp;B game.  Games I've played: * EVE (liked it but got old quick) * FTL (too much of a set path) * Several space 4X games (I want more of a focus on me and the            crew rather than a giant empire) * The X series (I picked up X3 Albion prelude recently but haven't played it and I'm hoping this is what I'm looking for, tell me if it is.)
[alpha centauri, civ]	I just want to know what game I can play with this computer. From my own experience I can;t play anything that's been released in the last 5-6 years. I'm really sickened when it come sot not being able to play the likes of Civ V and Half Life 2. If you can suggest a few games it would be brilliant. I like pretty much all genres but prefer 4X, RPG and FPS. Cheers guys.  Here are my basic specs:  * http://  * http://  If its any reference point, I can play GTA: SA, Half Life, AoE III very well. Minecraft getting very slow when I don't use the lowest settings.
[weird worlds: return to infinite space, sword of the stars: the pit, ancient domains of mystery, crypt of the necrodancer, the binding of isaac, the binding of isaac, the binding of isaac, the binding of isaac, dungeons of dredmor, legend of dungeon, desktop dungeons, cargo commander, rogue survivor, dwarf fortress, cardinal quest, cardinal quest, tower of guns, dungeon crawl, probability 0, unreal world, rogue legacy, risk of rain, ultima ratio, dark souls, teleglitch, teleglitch, space hulk, this game, out there, dustforce, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, spelunky, spelunky, spelunky, spelunky, spelunky, smash tv, angband, wazhack, wazhack, pick up, nethack, nethack, nethack, nethack, doomrl, sci-fi, c-wars, c-wars, derek, derek, xbox, xbox, zaga, zaga, adom, adom, adom, gta, ddr]	Since recently picking up a second monitor, I've found that I really enjoy playing a game that doesn't take much thought while I work my way through movies or television series on Netflix and Hulu (its surprisingly relaxing), and I was looking for more games that might lend themselves well to this.   ARPGs tend to work well (I initially started this as a way to make end game grinding more fun in Path of Exile), but I've burnt my way through Diablo, Path of Exile, and Titan's Quest. Recently I reached True Vault Hunter Mode in Borderlands 2, but if I'm kind of getting burnt out.   Any idea for games like this? Something with a strong gear progression like an ARPG would be welcome, but I'm open to anything. No interest in MMOs really, I've played my fair share and about had it with them. 
[god of war]	Hi,  This may be a strange question but I'd like to know what games are for you the best in their kind of "ultra-powerful character". I actually enjoy a lot superpowers in video games and I spent a lot of time on inFamous because it has unique sensations you often don't get elsewhere. Jumping off a building, flying, high-speed, whatever : I like it.  Now onto specifications. I don't want to play god games like From Dust or beat them all like DMC. These are just not really my thing.  So I played inFamous 1 and loved it. The second is too expensive for me. In fact I'd like to have something really cheap or free like DC Universe Online in which I had the same fun making 30 meters jumps, get on top of buildings, fly around the city, etc. I tried Champions Online but couldn't get into it like DCUO.  For free stuff PC will most likely be it but I also have a PS3, just remember nothing expensive if possible.  Thanks !
[eve online]	For years I played runescape, pre 2008, and then World of Warcraft from then to early 2012. I am now looking for the next big mmorpg. What I like about both games is the different thing you are able to do, aside from just combat. I enjoyed runescape many skills, player owned houses, and long term game play similar to WoW's skills, economy, etc. But now both games seem to be on the decline and I am looking for any suggestions of a new rpg game. I am aware of Elder Scrolls Online which is due next year but was looking for something which may rival it or pass the time until its release. Any ideas or suggestions are welcome. Please do not say return to WoW, I no longer find it to be worth the $15/month and will not return.
[planetside 2, hello kitty, i'm sorry]	Basically, I'm kind of burned out on everything I'm playing right now, and I'm looking for something to scratch my itch. Essentially, I'm a super mono-gamer who really likes to play one thing to death and move on. I find that if a game does not have some kind of public multiplayer scene or at the very least a thriving forum scene, I lose interest. However, I don't really like super competitive stuff. I'm fine with a game where the main focus is competing, but I'm more talking about the feel of the game. I don't like things like starcraft or Dota (which I play with friends and enjoy) where everything is very serious and a single misplay could cost me or my team a game. As lame as this sounds, I find myself getting stressed out and mad at myself pretty easily at video games, and it's just not worth spending a lot of time to dedicate my day to practicing video games.  Is there anything like that out there for me? I guess a good example of what I'm talking about would be TF2 pubs, but I'm totally burned out on TF2 right now, although it is my favorite game. 
[batman arkham city]	Is there a PC RPG/adventure game which has the following:  - Engaging story and/or world and/or characters - Character advancement (skill or level based is fine) - Freedom of movement (think Mirror's Edge, Assassin's Creed, Crackdown, ... I want a game that *expects* you to explore the rooftops)  Bonus points for:  - Open world - Nice graphics  I'd be happy for any game that meets the above, be it single player, MMO, new, old, free to play, etc.  Games that come close:  - Dragon Age has a great story and characters and fairly rewarding character advancement, but the over-the-shoulder RPG style means you're glued to the ground the whole time. There's no real exploration. - Mirror's Edge has great movement and graphics but it's not very open world and you don't much identify with the character. And you don't advance/get stronger. - Elder Scrolls games have the graphics and open world but bland stories and characters. With mods you can fly, levitate, jump higher, etc., but the game doesn't give you any incentive to do so. There's not much interesting on roofs and hard to reach places, and that kind of movement just doesn't affect the game. - Other honorable mentions: Dishonored, Mass Effect trilogy
[my friends]	Basically, I'm kind of getting sick of CS:GO. So, my gaming history is this. I played Runescape a lot and enjoyed it but stopped when it got to a ridiculous amount of time consuming meaningless tasks that didn't reward you much. Then I moved onto shooters. COD was fun until I discover Battlefield. BF took a lot of my time up. In between, I played Starcraft. After, I played more BF, then finally, CS:GO. So, what am I looking for? Basically, I stopped playing Starcraft because I stopped liking the types of games where you spend 30 minutes preparing your game, then get screwed over when you forget to check your left side and get killed. To top that off, there wasn't much reward for winning a game... Idk, didn't like the style. I've played plenty of shooters, nothing much really piques my interest. I LOOOVE CS for it's teamwork. I like RS for it's content. I like BF for it's mechanics. All in all, i'm looking for my new addiction. I've played plenty TF2. I'm looking for a multiplayer game, preferably. What do you think?  Some games i've played... : Trine BF BC 2 BF3 COD CS TF2 Warframe Planetside 2 Warcraft (I have tried this and don't like the 't want to pay to play my games for periods of time) 
[star wars: the old republic, sci-fi]	Hi!  I used to play Anarchy Online for some 5 years, and it was and is one of the most enjoyable games I have ever had a pleasure of playing. However, some two years back I gradually grew out of it since I've accomplished pretty much all I could. Also, the ancient graphics started to affect my enjoyment more and more as years rolled by.    I'm trying to find another MMORPG, or even RPG game to replace AO, and I'd like to inquire if anybody has any suggestions regarding my search. I'd really prefer another scifi game, but change to historical or fantasy is by no means out of question. Cartoonish and manga graphics don't really sit well with me, so most of asian games and WoW stylish games are pretty much out of question.. I'm rather bad writer and can't think of anything else to say, but if you have any input for my inquire and would like extra information regarding my search parameters, just ask :) I will be here answering your questions.  ps. F2P is preferred, but if you know some great game that requires purchase then by all means, mention it!  Regards, Morgnananananana   E: I've now downloaded and tried Star Wars and LOTR. Former seems interesting, though skill system is overly simplified for my taste. LOTR doesn't seem as interesting to me, but I'm still in the starting area and as usual, drawing conclusion from there is always a bad choice. Gotta give it a few more hours and see if I get hooked up :p  Rest of the suggestions I'll be trying/checking out sometime in the future. Thanks for all the input, I'll stay around for a while to repay this awesome sub :)
[planetside 2, guild wars 2, warframe, firefall, endgame, ninja]	By "player skill", I mean the combat system should be based around fast dodging/aiming gameplay. I'll give some examples (the links are videos). Also, I won't pay a monthly fee, but purchasing the game is okay (though I prefer F2P). I dislike Pay2win, but might tolerate it if the game is otherwise good. It doesn't need to be an MMO in the traditional sense, but it needs to be somewhat multiplayer-based at least.   The kind of games I'm looking for:  [Realm of the Mad God](https://  [Spiral Knights](https://  [Astroflux](https://  The biggest flaw that those 3 have is that they're, to some extent, pay2win.   Games I find okayish:  [Path of Exile](https:// and other ARPGs (Diablo, Titan Quest, etc)   Games I don't like:  [World of Warcraft](https:// and other traditional MMORPGs (Guild Wars, TERA, etc)
[chrono trigger]	I have had a lot of fun with modern RPGs, but I never played any of the classic RPGs as a kid and I want to see what I missed out on. Recently, I tried Baldur's Gate 2, Diablo 2, and Final Fantasy 8, but I just couldn't get into them. My issues with them: the D&amp;D world of Baldur's Gate 2 seemed very generic, Diablo 2 was mainly click-spamming and grinding, and I just couldn't stand the combat in FF8. Before I give up on my mission, are there any RPGs from around this era that have held up well and that I absolutely have to try? A sense of adventure is probably my top priority. Other things that would be nice: good combat, beatable in less than 20 hours or so. If you think there are tons of games that fit my criteria, please tell me which is your favorite.
[planescape torment, shadowrun returns, baldur's gate, icewind dale]	I am in need of an old style RPG. I am open to just about everything, but would really hope to find something i would not mind playing again. I am actually pretty young myself, and that is why I need help.   Recently I have myself in a rut with games. Newer games don't attract me anymore. (Ex. Elder Scrolls, Dishonored, Fallout NV). This caused me to recently purchase and finish games like Diablo 2 and Chrono Trigger. I ended up loving the music and art style in these older games. They give me huge inspiration when i compose my own music  So i now would like to find another "new" game to play. What are your favorites? I am open to just about anything. (Also a great soundtrack would be nice, but isn't super important) Thanks in advance!
[dungeon defenders, alien swarm, my friends, my friends, my friends, icarus]	So yeah, my friends and I think about having another LAN party but are kinda unsure because the last few times, it always ended up that we played a bit, and after an hour or something first people got bored and in the end all but me and one of my friends played Singeplayer games, which isn't the means of it. We would need some game which keeps the motivation up. We are 4 or 5 players. Competitiveness could prove nice to bring in some excitement games we played already were: Company of Heroes, Call of Duty 4, Quake 3, Age of Empires 3, CoD5 Nazi Zombies, FlatOut 2, Warcraft III and that's basically it Any ideas? Genre doesn't really matter, I just imagine if we play something like Unreal Tournament, things where you only play stuff like Deathmatch and the better players just win everytime it gets boring too fast. Thought about Age of Mythology for example. Maybe also something like a small cup or something. Let me hear your ideas!
[planetside 2]	I'm lookin for another FPS to play, my favorite FPS games this gen were Battlefield: Bad Company 2 and Halo 3.  I don't really care for Battlefield 3 as I like the open battlefields of BC2 more and the fact that you can't go prone in BC2 was a big bonus for me as well.    I like more arcadey and less serious games, fast paced is a plus though not entirely necessary.  I like big open battlefields and games that you can goof around in for hours.  Preferably would be on console but PC would be okay as well as long as it doesn't require high specs.  Not sure if there's anything out there quite like this but I thought I'd ask some of you guys.
[fallout 1 , fallout 3]	so after about a 5 year break from gaming of any kind, i am back!  but because of that, in the last 1 - 2 months i have **already** played my way through these games (on PC):   crysis 1 &amp; 2;  farcry 1, 2 &amp; 3;  Command and Conquer Generals &amp; ZH;  Command and Conquer 3 Tiberium Wars;  Just Cause 2;  L4D 1 &amp; 2;  Need For Speed Most Wanted;  Amnesia The Dark Descent;  Dishonored;  Tomb Raider;  OK, you get the point...  I am going through games like a tazmanian devil high on coke.  As you can see I am a fan of basically FPS gaming, but I am getting burned out by this genre... Is there just a fun simple game that is easy to get in to and not too time consuming? 
[shadowrun, shadowrun]	Hey guys!  I've just finished Shadowrun Returns and it's made me feel like I could do with a story driven CRPG. My thought sort of automatically went to Baldur's Gate II from there on and I tried that game once but it never really sunk in for me.   Games I have played that are probably similar to it (from my experience) are Arcanum and Dragon Age: Origins. But as Baldur's Gate II never drew me in before (UI and character controls seemed foreign to me which I guess was my biggest turn off) I'd like to ask you guys what I can do to make sure I have an optimal experience if I were to start playing Baldur's Gate II  mods, patches.. enhanced edition yay or nay and anything else you can mention and link that'd help me out here.
[super street fighter 4, dark souls]	Hey all,  After watching EVO and seeing the awesome SSF fights, I wanted to start playing a fighting game LIKE SSF, but which also has MMO aspects and character progression.    I did my fair share of searching and already tried these games:   - LaTale -&gt; Clunky controlls/outdated   - Rusty Hearts -&gt; Nonexistent PvP playerbase   - Grand Chase -&gt; Outdated   - Rumble Fighter -&gt; Outdated   - Elsword -&gt; Outdated/clunky   - Lost Saga -&gt; Didn't like PvP system   - Dragon Nest -&gt; Not bad but missing something     None of these really had that "X Factor" that I was looking for. I can't really pinpoint exactly WHAT I'm looking for, but none of those games really stuck with me.   I'm currently trying out RIFT, and thats turning out alright at best. The PvP early game isn't as balanced as I would have hoped and smurfs completely ruin gameplay (gear is extremely important).   In essence, I'm looking for a very PvP heavy game WITH ranking and some sort of character progression be it MMO style or something else. To clarify, I like the idea of getting new gear, levels, etc.   I know this might be impossible/too vague, but any help at all would be greatly appreciated.   Thanks so much guys   Edit: No idea how to get paragraphs in this thing. Sorry for wall of text
[tyrian, stg]	[Raptor](http:// has been a favourite of mine since I was young. It looks good, it sounds good, and the resulting atmosphere with that slow cruise over the terrain makes you feel shit-hot despite the increasingly testing however non-bullet-hell exchange of fire. Earning money, gambling with those risky dives into danger for cash and then upgrading your ship is fun and the process motivating. The weapons are plain cool. Not for lack of trying, I've never found anything that compares to this classic. I'm hoping maybe you have - and you'll throw it my way!  
[survival mode, minecraft]	I'm on the lookout for new music, and I like to spend a fair amount of time listening to albums on Spotify in the background of whatever I'm doing, surveying them to expand my library.  Could anyone recommend some games that would work well with having music in the background that I'm actually paying attention to (to see if I like that genre/artist)?    My main criteria are: 1 slow-paced - ideally turn-based 2 something easily playable in windowed-mode or alt-tabbable 3 a game that doesn't suffer when muted or when the volume is turned down   Good examples that I've enjoyed * * *include: Civ V Dungeons of Dredmor FTL: Faster than Light (sort of) Hack, Slash, Loot HoMM III Europa Universalis III  Preferred genres are strategy and rpg-types.  I appreciate any advice!
[know how]	I love PvP. I prefer to PvP as a healer. Games like WoW, SWTOR, WAR, GW2 allow the player to level solely in PvP if they choose.  What other F2P games allow PvP leveling?  I have done WoW, WAR, DAoC, Aion, Rift, DDO, FW, SWTOR, GW2, FFXI, SB, CoH/V, PS (1 but not yet 2), EQ2, and others I am forgetting. I played them all as they came out. Willing to give them another go perhaps.  I have not done Age of Conan, Runes of Magic, Lord of the Rings Online, Star Trek Online, Perfect World, Vindictus, Allods,   What do you folks of reddit suggest? I prefer to level with PvP if possible. PvE is okay if there is real end game PvP. 
[the last of us, heavy rain]	Hi,  I've been slowly getting my girlfriend into gaming and when I picked up The Last of Us she really enjoyed watching me play through it, she loved the story and the gameplay that she decided to play through it herself when she comes round. She is still new to it all and I would like to get her a game we/she can play that has an engaging story and hopefully where the gameplay isn't to difficult, as in The Last of Us it gives her plenty of time (on easy) if she makes a mistake to correct it or retake a shot etc.  Any help would be really appreciative.  Thank you  
[the walking dead, mass effect, kotor]	So, I've found it hard to find games like this, and I always search for this sort of thing in games I try. I would like any suggestions of games with mostly cinematics and story, but 3DS is all I'm able to play right now. I have a PS3, but no television. Computer isn't in the right shape for anything graphical right now, either. I'll try to get around to any other suggestions whether I have the system or not.  Games I've really enjoyed with this: Final Fantasy 6 and 9, Xenosaga Episodes 1 and 3 (2 was meh), Red Dead Redemption, Metal Gear Solid 2 and 4, and Assassin's Creed 2 (possibly the first).  There have been a few close ones to these, but I've not come across too many. And, I don't ask often because not many people care for it.  Edit: maybe cinematic was a bad word
[deus ex: human revolution]	Title pretty much says it all. I'm looking for a game that has some kind of conflict or enemies that you have to overcome, but either mostly does it through finding solutions that aren't simply "kill everything that moves" (an example would be The Walking Dead), or allows you to finish the game without killing or fighting if you so choose (an example would be the original Fallout or the original Deus Ex). I have an older PC that can run somewhat newer games with a little tweaking and some difficulty, a PS3 and a Wii.
[red dead redemption, assassin's creed, borderlands 2, mass effect, mass effect, bioshock, bioshock]	Ok, so I came across an unbeatable deal on a large lot of Xbox 360 games, a console, and some accessories that just I couldn't pass up. I've played some of these games on the PS3, but the vast majority of them, as well as their XBL experience is completely new to me.  Does anyone have any suggestions on which games have the most active multiplayer/co-op communities? The best (I know that is very subjective) multiplayer/co-op experiences overall? Maybe some opinions on what games to start with for great single player..  I am into a wide range of genres, and even though many of these are FPS, I'm open to any suggestions about any of them. Thanks  These are the games:  Alan Wake  Assassin's Creed 2  Assassin's Creed 3  Bionic Commando  Bioshock  Bioshock 2  Bioshock Infinite  Borderlands  Borderlands 2  Bulletstorm  Call of Duty 3  Call of Duty World at War  Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare  Call of Duty Black Ops  Call of Duty MW3  Crackdown  Crackdown 2  The Darkness  The Darkness 2  Dead Island  Dead Island Riptide  Fable 2  Fallout 3  Fallout New Vegas  Far Cry 3  Gears of War  Gears of War 2  Gears of War 3  The Godfather 2  Halo 3  Halo 4  Halo ODST (campaign disk only)  Just Cause 2  Left 4 Dead  Lollipop Chainsaw  Madden 09  Madden 10  Marvel vs Capcom 3: Fate of Two Worlds  Mass Effect  Mass Effect 2  Mass Effect 3  Max Payne 3  Medal of Honor  Metro Last Light  NHL 10  The Orange Box  Portal 2  Prey  Rage  Rayman Origins  Red Dead Redemption (GOTY w/Undead Nightmare)  Red Faction Armageddon  Red Faction Guerrilla  Resident Evil 5  Sonic's Sega Mega Collection  Sleeping Dogs  Soul Calibur 5  Tiger Woods 09  Tiger Woods 10  Two Worlds  Unreal Tournament 3  Warhammer 40k: Space Marines  X-Com Enemy Unknown
[star crusader]	Hey guys, i need some advice.  The last game i played was XCOM enemy unknown but i kept getting annoyed everytime i had to go on a mission to kill aliens, i found it way more fun to make the base, research and pick the soldiers for the mission.  Is there a game where the focus are more on the planning aspect you pick a team to go on a mission and then just get a "the mission was a success, but you lost X" iam thinking like the assassins creed 2/3 "minigames" where you had to send assassins around the world doing missions - but you at the same time have a base like the XCOM one to maintaine.  I hope you are able to help
[final fantasy xiv: a realm reborn, kingdom hearts 358/2 days, final fantasy xiii-2, tales of symphonia, tales of graces f, final fantasy x-2, final fantasy x , tales of xillia, eternal sonata, in between, okami hd, ffxiii, nier]	I recently got a PS3, and I've been catching up on the huge backlog of PS3 exclusives I missed (for pretty cheap!).  Some of my favorite RPGs are:  *    **Monster Hunter** (definitely top 3 RPG-wise, I love the multiplayer &amp; the feeling of taking down a huge boss) *    **Tales of Symphonia** (story and combat were fantastic. Waiting for the HD remake) *    **Dark Souls &amp; Demon's Souls** (general atmosphere, difficulty, feeling of achievement) *   **Fallout 3 &amp; NV** (Possibly my favorite game atmosphere, gigantic worlds. Not exactly expecting to find another game quite like these)  Some games that I've been considering are Kingdoms of Amalur and Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen. However, some of the reviews are keeping me away, particularly the ones that seem to praise them, then give them a 7/10 or something like that without being able to nail down why. Although the original Monster Hunter got sup-par reviews and ended up being one of my favorites. 
[lost vikings, trine 2]	The mrs and I really enjoyed playing Red Alert 2 together, and she really likes collecting all (*all*) the star bits in the Super Mario Galaxy games.   We need some new stuff to plonk down and play after a hard day at the homestead, so give me your best games, co-op, splitscreen or pc network or whatever. We have all the modern consoles and two mac laptops (one rather old) and one pc laptop. I like gratouitous violence as much as the next 30 year old man, but I don't mind the Pikmins and the Super Marios either.  She has a bit of a nausea thing with fast moving dark 3d stuff like Quake.
[demon's souls]	I finally got around to cleaning my PS3, replacing the fan and replacing the thermal paste so I can play my PS3 again. I have been ignoring it for pretty much the last 2 years because I didn't want it to overheat. I am looking for a game that I can sink a lot of time into. I like shooter, RPGS (Played fallout, skyrim, oblivion and just got NV for PC) and RTSs. It doesn't have to be a genera up there but what is a good game that I can play for a good while or a game that is good that I can find in a bargain bin? 
[dora the explorer, metroid prime]	I've owned an Xbox 360 for 4 years and I decided that I'd get rid of my 8 year old laptop and get a new gaming computer. Unfortunately my Windows 7 OS is corrupt (getting this fixed) and my hardware isn't the best, so it's hard to play games. But for when I do get these things fixed, I would like to know some games that I should definitely get (I've already gotten ARMA II, Minecraft, and Fallout 1 &amp; 2.  Side Question: As somebody who has never played any Half Life game, what is great about it? Please don't say the entire game. (Everyone is going to say this because I said not to.
[playstation 4, wait and see, xbox one, xbox one, xbox one, xbox one]	Hey, I'm a non-gamer mom looking for some advice for my 10 &amp; 13 year old kids Christmas. They're both raving about PS4 and Xbox One but in all honesty I know *very* little about them. I've heard some rumors that the Xbox One will spy on us but that's about it, and even then I'm sure that's not true. (  Anyway, my kids loved the Wii and the PS2 with the camera games, but they also want some new games and a better console to play them on. I also know they don't just want to play motion games but since they like them I think it's important to have something they find enjoyable give them some exercise too. I know, moms suck. But, if the PS4 and Xbox One can do both, then that's fine.  So which console do you think I should get if I can only get one? Which do you think will have the most motion based games of good quality? Since this will be the last expensive system I buy them for a long while I don't mind spending a bit extra for something that will keep them entertained longer. My husband will also get a lot out of the consoles too so that helps me justify the purchase. But I digress.   Any advice or tips would be great.
[guild wars 2]	I'm part of a group of friends that has played League of Legends fairly regularly together over the last few years.  Recently it has fallen apart a bit due to schedules and such.  We want to start it back up, but are looking to try something different than LoL.  The things we liked most about LoL:  -Group play.  We usually have anywhere between 2-6 guys join in at any given time.  -Flexible leveling system.  Some of us can spend a lot more time playing than others so it was nice that we could group up even with a level disparity.    -PvP.  This is kind of important because I think the challenge of PvP is what made it fun for us.  We are open to PvE but PvP probably has to be included.  -Roles.  We liked that we all had roles that we were good at.  I was the best jungler, another was the best AD Carry.. etc.  I know this is pretty specific and we may just go back to LoL, but I'm curious to know if there's anything else out there or if anyone else has made a similar transition.
[strategy games, endless space, shoot-em-up, star ocean, xenonauts, sci-fi, sci-fi, sci-fi]	I love science fiction. Starcraft 2, XCOM EU, Mass Effect, FTL, Deus Ex: HR are some of my favourite games in a while (XCOM less so because of the bullshit collision detection). I'm looking for games I may have missed/overlooked.  When I say science fiction, it doesn't have to be Star Trek high tech type of scifi, it could be slightly into the future kind of scifi.  I'd prefer a relatively recent ( 2000s with a preference on this generation of consoles). Indie games are fine, but if it's PC exclusive I hope it will play on a potato.   I'm open to pretty much anything. Steampunk/cyberpunk are fine too.   Thanks!
[don't buy this, turn it]	Hi all,  I've been a PC gamer for most of my life and have been pretty content. Unfortunately, my internet connection at home is slow at best and downright unreliable at worst, so navigating PC game purchases is more work than it used to be. In order to play pretty much any new release, I need to order a physical copy from Amazon or Newegg, which is pretty inconvenient (no stores near me have a decent selection of PC games). Then, even when I get the game, I still sometimes have to wait hours for comparably small patches to allow me to actually play the game I just purchased. The ability to go into, say, Gamestop, and walk out with a game I could play immediately would be really cool.  So, for the first time in my life, I'm seriously considering picking up a console to help me play through some of the games that aren't or aren't easily available on the PC. I'm not really looking to be a super early-adopter for the next gen consoles, so I'm mainly trying to decide between the PS3, WiiU, and 360.  Some info (if it helps):  1. I definitely understand that all (?) current-gen consoles have offline modes. I'm willing to use that if need be, but if one console has significantly better data management while still getting some online features (letting me turn off certain online features or schedule when patches download would be a godsend, for example), that would definitely sway me in that direction.  2. I have a regular Wii, which I do enjoy. But there are just enough games for the other consoles that I'm thinking it + PC isn't quite enough.  3. I've heard horror stories from friends about PS3 download wait times, and they have reasonably fast internet connections. Should I just avoid the PS3 entirely?  4. If it's not clear already, I don't really have any interest in online play. I'd like some social features and achievements, if possible, but that's it (so I wouldn't be buying, say, Xbox Live).  Thanks for the help.
[game of thrones]	Hi  I wanted to ask and see if anyone has a recommendation for a dark and medieval RPG. I'm looking for something that has that authentic feeling to it, not like Skyrim or Dark Souls as much as I love those games.  As much as I enjoyed both Skyrim and Dark souls they didn't feel very immersive to me. I think the Game of Thrones universe would be a good place to start, but strip away the dragons, white-walkers and slight magic and replace it with more realistic elements. An open world game would be the ultimate thing, however it's not a must.  I'm not sure something like this exists, but I thought I'd ask anyway.  Of the top of my head I have played:  Skyrim Dragon's Dogma Dark Souls Demon's Souls Mount and Blade The Witcher 2  Edit: Have also played the Dragon Age series and only the first one is decent.
[dungeon defenders, minecraft]	So my boyfriend &amp; I just finished up the DLC for Trine 2, and we realised just how much we love playing co-op puzzle games. We play a fair amount of MMOs and competitive games together, but we couldn't think of anything other than Portal 2 that had similar puzzle solving mechanics (we have also played Lara Croft Guardian of Light &amp; LittleBig Planet, which I guess would also fall into the same category, but were nowhere near on the same level of fun).  So we're looking for other suggestions. We're looking for stuff that allows online co-op and PC/Steam is best, but PS3 is good too. Thanks for any help! :)
[ratchet and clank, the last of us, gran turismo, gran turismo, gears of war, portal 2, portal 2, daxter, okami, okami, xbox, xbox, xbox]	I have both a ps3 and an xbox 360 but no pc powerful enough to play any games. I'm taking any and all suggestions. I'll look them up and if they look interesting enough I'll get them. I've got a pretty long list but the last few I'm not too interested and are only on there for the sake of doing something.   So far I've got: the entire Ratchet and Clank series  batman arkham asylum the new tomb raider (maybe) mark of the ninja (maybe) far cry 3 (maybe) ni no kuni: wrath of the white witch (maybe) metro: last light (maybe)
[tera]	Interested in a game only if the pay-to-win model doesnt affect my pve experience too much.   Other must haves:   -A crafting system (If it has an interesting/fun crafting system on top of it, itd be perfect)   -An active community   -Interesting/pretty world design and graphics              A brief description and your impressions along with the suggestions would be awesome. I will have access to my pc for about 4 hours a day for a while so I do not want to spend 2 weeks downloading a crappy game thatll be dropped after a week or so.   Thanks in advance.
[medieval 2, total war]	I've really enjoyed Rome Total War in the past, but disliked the point where all my cities started to rebel (i managed to kind of solve that, but the game was a lot less fun because of it).   What i liked about the game was that the learning curve is not too steep. Eg Europe Universalis has a really steep learning curve which puts me off really quickly. I'm a casual gamer so I don't want to read manuals for hours before hitting the game.  Also money is a problem. I can't really afford a game so it'll have to be under 20$ and no monthly payments. The newest games will not run on my system (hitman absolution is i think the limit of my machine).  I'm looking for a game where a single playing session has lasting influence. Red Alert, for example, is just play a map, start again, play a map, start again. Rome TW campaign is longer which makes it more fun for me.  Warcraft III has the same issue, though you advance in a campaign, each next map is just starting over again. Another great casual game is Transport Tycoon or Minecraft but i've noticed that both lack enough direction for me).  but i noticed in total war that after a while i autoplayed most battles, even city sieges. Only when i was heavily outnumbered would i take control to limit the damage.  So looking at my options now, i'm inclined to go for another game in the TW series (if the squalor issue si dealt with). Which one should i get? Rome TW 2 is too expensive and i'm not sure if it would run on my machine.  i thought medieval total war was too similar to Rome. Can anybody contrast Shogun 2, Empire, and Napoleon? Maybe another campaign like strategy is an option?  I'd appreciate if there was some form of online playing, but i'm not sure if that would work with my casual approach (1-6 hours a week). I'd probably get my ass kicked by more serious gamers.  In conclusion, i'm looking for a game in a (semi) persistent world with a low threshold money and learning-curve wise. it can be a RTS, but i'm open to other suggestions too. I'd also appreciate a comparison between different TW games (i know Rome, have some experience with medieval).   Edit: i really liked puzzle pirates too, except that it after a while you had to pay to continue growing. I might be interested in a game where you can work yourself to the top, but where i stay a low level footsoldier stopping by from time to time (as long as i'd have some degree of freedom and interesting stuff to do). 
[ni no kuni]	I hope to play a decent 2D RPG like the old Final Fantasy games and Chrono Trigger.  I'd prefer to play on PC, but I do also have Ps3.  I'd like a game with a good story that is engaging, and time consuming.  I'd prefer something that is 2D but pretty to look at, if that makes any sense.  Voice acting isn't necessary, but I don't mind it either way.  Also, I'd like for it to be semi-serious.  Not too much quirky humor, although some is fine.  It seems like most 2D RPG's these days are mostly built around humor.  Any suggestions are appreciated folks!
[crusader kings ii, monster hunter 3, dark souls, this game, this game, this game, dawngate]	Over the last four years of gaming my favorite games have been:   Runescape, World of Warcraft, Heroes of Newerth, League of Legends, Dota 2, Diablo 3, Call of Duty, Terraria, Tribes Ascend and Alliance of Valiant Arms.  I've tried playing Path of Exile, Guild wars 2, swtor, tf2, tera, smite and many other titles but nothing sticks.   I would love to play something that blatantly copies league of legends/dota 2. I really enjoyed rise of immortals and battle for graxia. Or an FPS with the customization CoD/Tribes Ascend. Or an MMORPG with good PvP. I'm looking for a lot of suggestions here, I'm very desperate :P. 
[star wars: knights of the old republic, star wars: knights of the old republic, vampire: the masquerade - bloodlines, lionheart: legacy of the crusader, dark messiah: might and magic, avadon: the black fortress, deus ex: human revolution, temple of elemental evil, neverwinter nights 2, dragon age: origins, legend of grimrock, might and magic 6, might and magic 7, shadowrun returns, alpha protocol, system shock 2, icewind dale 2, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, arx fatalis, anachronox, anachronox, geneforge, geneforge, this game, fallout 2, out there, game over, ultima 7, avernum, avernum]	Alright so after checking through several pages, no one's quite asking for what I want. I hope someone can help and any suggestions are appreciated!  I'll just jump right into it. I don't want to completely throw out older RPGs, but I'd prefer more modern ones. I won't care at all if I only get older games suggested, but I'm just saying in case it matters.  Graphics aren't huge but a nice aesthetic is important. I couldn't get into Gothic because it's aesthetic was just.. off to me. Yet I loved the way Baldur's Gate looks. It just looks pleasing, and I can get myself immersed into the game.  As for how I'm playing, I do not want a party game. I'm so tired of party games and micro managing, I just want to be the hero, no one else. I'm looking for an Elder Scrolls feel where my hero is the focus of my game, I guess.  The game play isn't too important as to what I'm focusing on. I just want to start kinda weak, and I work my skills up more and more with better stats, better weapons, the works. That's the biggest thing I look for in an RPG. Whether or not it's turn-based or click to swing doesn't matter, so long as it's intuitive and I don't have to draw magic or something, haha.  As for what I'd be playing it on, I have an xbox 360 and a PC that can just barely make Skyrim's cut. Witcher 2 was not going to happen on this poor laptop.  Story would be nice to have, but I'm not going to totally avoid a game with a typical story. I felt Oblivion was a very typical game in terms of it's story that had rather cliched fantasy elements, but it was told nicely and it was fun to play through. So, that's just my take on it. I mean, the better the story, the happier I am. But I'm not the kind of gamer who stopped playing Fallout 3 because it wasn't anywhere near up to par of Fallout 1/2.  Now I'll just list off RPGs that I really enjoy;  Witcher 1/2, The Elder Scrolls 3-5, Dark Souls, Star Wars: KotOR, Fable TLC, Mass Effect 1-3, Baldur's Gate 1/2, Dablo 1-3, WoW, Guild Wars 1, and I'm stretching to think of any other's. There's others but I don't think they really would influence someone's decision of a game to recommend.  Thank you for reading my wall of text, even if nothing comes to mind. This is the first time I'm doing this so pardon anything stupid I do/did
[jagged alliance 2]	Title says it all. Basically, I'm looking for two things.  1) A decent open-world RPG. It seems there's not much outside of the Elder Scrolls games, which I have. I want to be able to explore, run across danger, battle mean things, etc. I also have the Fallout games, but the never could get into the aesthetics of a barren desert wasteland.  2) I recently picked up Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes and loved it despite me not really being much into 4x games. I think part of the reason is that there wasn't as much micromanagement and there was a lot more to do outside of wartime other than researching and ending turn. In FE, it seemed to sate my desire to build an empire without all the tedious micromanagement. Are there any games out there that may cater to this taste? The only other thing sorta similar I can think of is XCOM.  Any suggestions would be appreciated.
[dungeons of dredmor]	I really enjoy multitasking when it comes to video games. I do like a good story driven game (just finished tomb raider 's in my top 5 games now) but I want some simple type of game I can play while watching a stream or Netflix. I usually play mmos while doing this, but I'm also kinda tired of those. I'm probably going to get Frozen Synapse here soon because that looks really good. I also played Civ V, but for the life of me I just don't understand why it's so popular. Also, games like LoL and Dota don't really appeal to me either.  So... any suggestions?   *I went with frozen synapse, it's a fantastic game so far.
[baldur's gate]	I have a PC (can run pretty much anything since I recently upgraded), a PS2, a PS3 and a DS.   I'd like to play more games that have fun exploration mechanics. I love exploring new places in games and finding cool things in out-of-the-way locations and so on, and just exploring games with great landscapes or maps. Getting rewarded for exploration or having it be a major focus would be a plus.  I like it when games reward you for poking around and exploring. For example: games like The Last of Us where, if you take your time, you can get a lot of secret or extra supplies, or the Serious Sam games, where clever thinking and exploration can bring you to whole new areas and get you secret items, are good, if small, examples of this. However, I often explore too much and it becomes very tedious getting back to the main action if there's a large area to look around and nothing really in it. Games like Dark Souls that can give you a huge reward for exploring (finding two entire levels because you broke through a few fake walls) are fantastic, but making the exploration nearly impossible if you don't have a guide/an experienced player isn't so great (EG figuring out that there are two false walls in that area). I'd prefer the game to require some clever thinking and problem solving if it has these kinds of secrets.  Things I'm not really too excited about are exploration systems like WoW or some parts of Oblivion where you can find a really neat area or location, but the game just throws a little bit of experience at you and essentially tells you "good job, now either come back when you have the right quest to actually get something out of this place" or "enjoy your pointless easter egg area". These games also have very few of the rewarding-to-find secrets or really interesting locations I'm looking for compared to the size of their worlds. Both games have a lot of neat  are all kinda samey and that the game leads you to with a breadcrumb trail. The places that are off the beaten path usually don't have anything really good in them and aren't interesting. The reason I'm harping on about this is that an open-world game with the kind of stuff I'm looking for would be *awesome*, but a lot of the time there are just a few little secrets in a *HUGE* world, and it isn't really worth it to look for them.  As far as the games go, I put gameplay before everything else (if it isn't fun to play, why play it?). Otherwise, I love a great story and soundtrack. Graphics aren't really a big point, but I do like games that look nice. Basically, I love the hell out of the first Deus Ex (looks like ass), but I also love games like Dark Souls and Tales of Graces (looks pretty damn great).  I apologize if I'm going on and on and on, but I figure that you guys having as much context and clarification as possible for your suggestions is better than just saying "hey I like exploring shit and having it work my skinner box k gimme suggestions" and then looking like an ass because I respond to a bunch of you with "no it has X that I don't like" or "not enough Y" or you get the point.  Thanks in advance.
[game of thrones]	I'm looking for a grand strategy game where you control an empire/house/nation or something like that. Something with diplomacy, wars, trade  My main inspiration for this is the Song of Ice and Fire (Game of Thrones) books, sort of imagining being someone who plans all the sort of stuff that goes down in a single house (or nation or whatever). Not sure if this game exists but thank you anyway!   EDIT: /u/dontcareaboutnames has gifted me a copy of Crusader Kings 2, and it looks to be just what I was looking for!
[ni no kuni, okami]	I have always heard a good deal about the Thief series but, I don't know if it has aged well at all. Is the story good? Is the stealth actually nice in the game (and I don't mean "for a game __ years old" - I mean is it fair)? Should I actually wait for it to go on sale because it goes on sale frequently and I don't notice? I really don't know too much about the stealth genre - the only experience I have is Dishonored, MGS and MGS4. Those three games were pretty darn amazing but, I don't want it to be like a "Oh, look at this conveniently placed alcove I can use to attack this guard who patrols literally only under this alcove". I want something where I truly can plan and execute any stealth lethat or non-lethal tactics without it being based on pure convenience of ledges and stuff. (Sorry for the rambling)
[deus ex: human revolution, fallout: new vegas, assassin's creed 2, mass effect, fable iii, pick up]	I'm a broke gamer, I'm finally making a little extra cash, enough to afford like 10-20 dollars for a new game. The only modern system I have is an Xbox 360, and my PC is not an option. I'm looking for a fun cheaper game, that I can buy at a gamestop (because of my money problems in my past I don't have a credit card/debt card) I know these conditions for a game suggestion aren't the greatest, but I appreciate the time, every new game I get is a painstaking decision.  I love a game with a good story, or fun/interesting gameplay. I could really care less about graphics, as long as they run right. Here's a list of my more recent games I really liked.  Left 4 Dead  Skyrim  GTA/Saints Row series  Fallout games  Final Fantasy series
[eador: masters of the broken world, heroes of might and magic]	Hi !  I'm looking for good TBS games to play on my PC. I've played a bunch of them and I would like some suggestions.  I mainly enjoy turn based fights which require a good strategy. If the game has some RPG elements it would be better. If possible, it should be recent or have nice graphics (Jagged Alliance 2 and Fallout are OK, Xcom: UFO defense and HOMM 3 are not).  So far I have played:  * Xcom: EU (really enjoyed it) * Shadowrun Returns (great story, combat too easy and lack of balance) * Omerta (meh, repetitive, combat too easy) * Expeditions: Conquistador (awesome game, need a lot of strategy to survive, great RPG elements) * King's Bounty Legend (playing it right now, the RPG part is fine, the TBS combat feels a bit "flat", terrains are really really small, you can't deploy a good strategy and you have very few units) * Fallout (needed some time to get use to the graphics, but great game) * Jagged Alliance 2 (same as Fallout)  I've tried some games like the Total War series or Civilization, but it's not really what I'm looking for.   Bonus Questions: I also have the others king's bounty, thanks to the 1C bundle from last week. How are they compared to the "Legend" ?   Sorry for the wall of text, but I hate when someone is too vague about his preferences.  Thanks !  **TL; DR:** Good TBS, not too old, and great combats which require strategy. 
[zombies, run!]	I've been meaning to get outside and get in some exercise, but i'm truly addicted to gaming. Is there a game of some sort where you have to walk to progress? Maybe like you're a merchant and you have to walk a certain distance in real life to get to the next town to sell your goods, or you're an adventurer, and you explore dungeons, and when you come across an enemy, the number of steps you take within 10 seconds determines how strong your attack is or whatever. Any kind of game that rewards you for this kind of stuff. 
[cthulhu saves the world, metal gear solid, baldur's gate, splinter cell, arcade games, penny arcade, guilty gear, dark souls, golden sun, blazblue, xenosaga, dmc4, ff7]	My friend has never before owned a PC for gaming - been a console guy up until he spent some disposable income (around $800) for a new desktop. I'm going to list what he likes and dislikes and see what you guys think he should play. It would be preferable if you could list games that are PC-only, obviously.  * A lot of of his favorite games happen to be Japanese, which is a big reason why he's been a console gamer for so long. JRPGs have been a big part of his life, especially the Xenosaga, Persona and Tales series. Metal Gear Solid, Demons/Dark Souls, the classic Final Fantasies and Golden Sun are other favorites.  * Fighting games are big for him, ESPECIALLY Guilty Gear and BlazBlue.  * He vastly appreciates strong single player experiences over multiplayer ones. He's still going to enjoy multiplayer with friends, but well-done single player games are more fulfilling for him.  * Character progression and story is something he really appreciates.  * He highly dislikes shallow games that don't have a lot of substance. He considers Skyrim to be one of those. I don't think large, open-world games where you can do whatever are very interesting to him.  * As much as he appreciates a challenge, I don't think he really likes playing RTS's that much. He considers them to be less about strategy and more about mechanics/APM (watching SC2 is still entertaining for him though).  * He's not a big graphics junkie, so he's not really looking to play a game to gawk at how pretty it is.  * He refuses to touch MMO's.
[world of warcraft, card game, card game]	I have recently became quite enamored with Card Hunter ( and have always been a fan of CCG games, and want to find some other games to spend my time on.  I've played MtG offline since the mid 90's, and online since beta.  But it is way to pricey to get back into at this time.  Played through Etherlords 1&amp;2 when they were originally released.  Battle Forge would be great, except I hate RTS games.  Scrolls is lacking a deep meta game due to the limited amount of effective decks.  The yearly Magic games don't have any actual deckbuilding.  I want a game that has a couple of these traits: Cards/items gained via playing, with varying rarities. Preconstructed decks/loadouts Randomly drawn cards/items Some form of progression. Prefer PvE, but a well done PvP game would also work.  I have every platform except 3DS and Android, and would love to hear about betas/upcoming releases.    
[fallout: new vegas, fallout 3]	Like the title states, I am really looking for a game that can grab my attention and hold it. I was thinking about an RPG of some sort that has a good main quest line with background information.   Some of the games I have played recently and enjoyed are:  * Dark Souls * KOTOR &amp; KOTOR II * The Last of Us * Uncharted 1 &amp; 2 * Fallout 3 * Batman Arkham City  While I have played quiet a few other games recently these are the ones that have stuck out. I finished Dark Souls a couple of weeks ago and ever since then have been looking to find something that will pull me in as much as it did. Combat is fairly important to me, but I can get past some less refined gameplay for an interesting story or characters.   Also, here are some games I have tried recently but have not been able to keep my interest for one reason or other.  * Dragon Age: Origins- I felt that the combat was a little wonky for me and I could never start to really care for any of the characters. * The Witcher- Started the first one and played for a couple of hours, but I have not found anything to interesting in the game yet. (I really want to like this game and I really want to play the 2nd but don't want to ruin it without playing the 2nd.) * Skyrim- I loved Oblivion (might be nostalgia) for all the interconnected quests and what felt like a main quest line that was important, but Skyrim is lacking something to it.   Hopefully this will give everyone a decent idea of what I might be looking for, also I am limited to PC and PS3, but my PC can handle pretty much anything.  Thanks in adavance 
[path of exile]	What are some good games that not only allow you to choose and optimize different builds (I'll provide examples), but also reward you for doing so? My favorite part of most games is the prep-work; researching and min/max-ing different characters. Sometimes I enjoy this part more than the actual game.   For example, in League of Legends I'd spend more time looking at different item sets and talent point/rune builds than actually playing the game. I wasn't very good at it either...  In Dark Souls I have a few fully built characters with upgraded weapons and armor. I don't really have the urge to beat the game with them or PvP, but I enjoyed "finishing" them.  I love Magic the Gathering; one of my favorite parts of the game is deck building. Even if I don't get to play that often, I still love researching new cards and figuring out how they could make my old decks better. (I really like the board/card game Dominion for this same reason)   What are some other games that fit these categories?
[call of duty, call of duty, planetside 2, quake 3, pcs, vs.]	I like MW3 in and of itself, but one of the main things that annoys me is the lag and the fact that you have no choice on what kind of server you can join. And, obviously I don't like hackers. So what are my options?  I didn't care for Black Ops. I don't have Black Ops II and probably won't get it unless I'm convinced that it's some vast improvement from previous CoD titles. I'm not looking for anything as wide open as Battlefield, I run and gun. I'm into FFA but I guess team deathmatch would be acceptable as well. I don't really care for objective gametypes. I like ADS.  I tried Wolfteam and kind of liked it, but I hear it got a lot worse at some point. I tried and liked Operation 7, in fact I'm probably going to reinstall it. I like customizing the guns but that may not be a necessary selling point, it would be more of a bonus.  I do prefer at least somewhat realistic settings, I prefer that guns shoot bullets but again, if the game is good enough otherwise I could probably shoot plasma or something. I prefer 1st person view and I'm not going to pay to win.
[only you]	Ok, so because I have been working very odd hours, I am never on XBL at the same time as my friends anymore. So I usually have to jump into matchmaking alone and just hope to come across a partner or team that really wants to work towards completing objectives, or progressing through the game. I would be interested in a game that keeps your teammates close-by, at least most of the time, so the action is very focused, and players can't really go off on their own tangents or goof around without dying. Something with a decent community (if there is one) where trying to find such a match wouldn't take forever.  I have had excellent experiences with GOW2 and 3 Horde mode, L4D, L4D2, and FarCry 3. I have tried to jump into Borderlands 1 and 2 games on my own on many many occasions, and 9 out of 10 times it's people running off on their own, or modding, or anything besides trying to complete objectives. I didn't really enjoy Resident Evil 5 or 6, so their co-op isn't for me. I'm interested in a wide range of genres, but tend to favor FPS and RPG.   Any suggestions would be very much appreciated. Or if you play from around 1am-5am eastern and are looking for teammates for some games I'd definitely be interested. Thanks!
[crusader kings 2, total war]	Here are some examples of game world maps I really enjoy:    Mario: http://  Scribblenauts: http://  Total War Series: http://   I found games like Skyrim, Fallout, Witcher, etc. used the game map a lot, but they were very poorly designed, and so I never ended up using them except to fast travel. 
[the longest journey]	My mom came to me today asking if she knew any games she could play that wouldn't hurt her hands too much. She said she's tried some of those Facebook games, but found them boring. Mentioned she wanted to maybe go on an adventure.  So I need something to fit these criteria:  - A medium-range laptop needs to be able to run it  - She has Rheumatoid Arthritis, so nothing too hard to play - She does have an xbox controller she can plug in  I was thinking maybe some classic turn-based RPG's she could emulate, but I think there might be something else. Any suggestions?
[borderlands 2]	What I'm into: I've a huge fan of all Bethesda Game Studio's games, all Bioware RPGs, all Obsidian RPGs. I've played Bastion and loved it. Arkham Asylum was fantastic although Arkham City was not as enjoyable. I've dabbled in rogue-likes and rogue-like inspired games like Dredmore. Deus Ex HR. I really enjoyed every Assassin's Creed game so far. Dark Souls is my favorite game ever, and I love Demon's Souls as well. Dishonored is on my top 10, and the Thief games are great too. Shooters with Rpg elements like Farcry 1, 2 ,3, and the Bioshock games. And of course I've been into Zelda games since I was a kid. Problem is, I've delved back a decade or two even, so I've played Baldur's date 1 and 2, Planescape Torment, System Shock, Deus Ex, and the other older games usually recommended on r/gamingsuggestions.   So basically I'm into western-style RPGs, action Rpgs, and some Japanese action adventure games. I'm not a big fan of JRPGs. I enjoy final fantasy and more recently Ni No Kuni, but I get burned out on the gameplay pretty quickly.  I kinda feel like I've played everything there is to play. Or everything I'm into playing at least.  I'm kinda locked down to PC games at the moment as well.  
[avernum: escape from the pit, planescape: torment]	I don't mind too much about graphics, but my internet connection is crappy at the moment and I'm looking for something(s) to play for the next 4-6 weeks until I can get fibre installed.    EDIT: forgot to mention I'm only looking for PC games.  Type of games I'm looking for but have already played:   - TES 3-5   - Witcher 1+2   - Dark souls   - Fallout 3 + New Vegas   - Baldur's Gate 1+2   - Icewind Dale   - Dragon Age Origins   - Mass Effect series   - Diablo 1-3   - Torchlight 1+2   - Titan Quest  Thanks for any help!
[dungeon defenders, castle crashers, portal 2, magicka, magicka]	Hi! My husband and I love playing video games. The problem is, recently we haven't been playing the same games! I'm a WoW raider (just got Heroic 25m ToT cleared a few weeks ago) and he's a semi-hardcore LoL player (low platinum). He is burnt out in WoW (he's actually a multi-glad on two of his favorite toons, and an RBG hero on more toons than I can keep track of), and I can't stand LoL. We want to play more games together but neither of us want to give up our favorite game. Ideally we'd like something that meets these criteria I think:  * 2 player Co-op or better * No MOBAs, No Shooters, No Diablo clones.  * PC games only. * **Non-competitive**. One of us has rage problems. It's OK if it's Me VS Him (prefer not though), but it shouldn't ever be Us vs. Them. * He refuses to try Portal, already thought of that (I know, right?)  Anyway, just looking for suggestions. I super really appreciate it and you guys are awesome. Thanks!  **TL;DR**: Read bulleted text.
[star citizen]	I've been looking for a game with a style similar to VegaStrike - that old, open source, first person space-flight sim where you could spend all of your time freighting love-droids to and fro, trying to make a buck, avoiding bandits/pirates all the while.  I've been watching on Steam and I've seen a lot of potential candidates, but the ones I've tried (admittedly: not that many) are short to deliver on their promises of "trade".  Their idea of trade is usually clicking a button that says "trade with planet Xenon" and thus, your transaction is complete.  Are there any good games around that allow you to essentially play a space version of Euro Truck Simulator?
[okami]	I mean, if anyone who's a gamer and enjoys that particular genre, but NOT someone whom is corroded by nostalgia vision. I mean, not a game you'd play to take a trip down memory lane, but because you can genuinely enjoy it. Games that can even compare to games to this date, in gameplay, story, and depth.   I'm asking because I've recently set up a PS2 emulator, and I stumbled upon Persona 3 FES edition... the game is, to me, genuinely good, and it'd be a game I could see myself playing if it were released onto the Xbox 360 or PS3, or as a PC download. It holds up extremely well to today's JRPGs. I plan on playing Persona 4 as well as soon as I finish both campaigns of Persona 3, as I've heard it's even BETTER somehow, than it's predecessor.   Some notes: I can't really play games that are rather intensive to the PS2 hardware, as the emulator is sub-par to a native environment, so a game like Shadow of the Colossus would run like crap on my machine, even though I have a relatively powerful computer.  Also, the game doesn't have to be a JRPG, but I've noticed that they tend to be some of the best games for the PS2.
[out there]	Not an avid game, a few games here and there... I don't feel like I play the higher end stuff... mostly Humble Bundle Games...   Was wanting a little feed back on this machine and if you think it would be good game and last me a few years (with care of course).  The only "downside" I have read about it, is Windows 8... but if that is the only issue, well I think its not a bad deal!  [Acer Aspire V3-771G-9809 ](http://;colid=23SHMHN0ZLPZX&amp;coliid=I2FHJ2KBFZT5Z2)
[persona 4 golden]	I'm looking to play a new(to me) game for xbox 360 or ps vita(playstation classics are fun as well)  I've already played through the following games and so I don't need to play these again right now, ALSO bonus points for co op!  I just need something to hold me off until diablo  then when i get bored of  have to come up with a new list...  Already played  dragons dogma  Hunted  Borderlands 1/2  Dragon Age 1/2  Fable 1/2/3  Skyrim, Oblivion  Two worlds II  Sacred 2  Fall out 3  Lost Odyessy  FF 13 - FF7 - FF8 - FF9 - FF Tactics  Lord of the Rings War in the North  Dark Souls (one of my favorite)  Demon Souls  Star Ocean  Kingdom of Amalur  Dungeon Seige 3  Dragons Crown  Marvel Ultimate Alliance  castle crashers  dungeon defenders  resident evil 5/6   I've tried these games and didnt like them for whatever reason  Bioshocks  Mass Effect  Dark Siders  Witcher 2  Edit: Format and games
[game on, xbox]	I currently have a high end gaming PC, PS3, Vita, 3DS, iPad and iPhone. Will likely be buying a PS4 at launch.  I've historically bought cross-platform games on Steam whenever possible so that I can enjoy 1080p60 graphics, having my PC hooked up to my TV has been like having a next-gen console for the past few years and the games look far better than they do on a 360 or PS3.  That choice is going to become more complicated with the advent of the Xbox One and PS4 although my PC will still have the edge in graphics, the gap won't be as large and there is a  certain appeal to console games that "just work" and don't require me to update drivers, tweak .ini files, etc.  There's been a big increase in recent years of good games that aren't graphically intensive, particularly indie games but also adventure games like Telltale's Walking Dead series. The choice of which platform to play on becomes less clear in these cases, and I'm finding that I actually prefer indie-style games that are well suited to short gaming sessions on my Vita. Things like Hotline Miami and Guacamelee! seem perfect on a handheld. I've also heard that people really enjoyed playing The Walking Dead on an iPad which didn't even occur to me as an option but makes the choice of platform even more complicated.  Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag is one upcoming title that's hard to decide on. I'd normally just buy it for PC to get the best performance, but I played AC III: Liberation on the Vita so I'd like to see Aveline's story continue in AC IV. Unfortunately, her AC IV mission(s?) are exclusive to the PS4 version of the game, and the PS4 version would also give me the ability to remote play on my Vita (not sure that this is something I'd actually do, but at least it'd be an option).  It the choice of platform something that just always needs to be addressed on a per-game basis? Does anyone else struggle with trying to play the "best" version of a cross-platform game? I find that's it's almost a relief when I go to catch up on something like the Uncharted series and only have the option of playing it on my PS3.
[assassin's creed 3]	I've been looking at too much /r/WarshipPorn/ (and reading Wikipedia articles on the related naval battles). Now I want a game where warships duke it out on the high seas.  Some things I'm looking for:  * Visuals. I want to see the ships blasting each other. If the game is abstract or highly textual, it's not going to satisfy my urge for maritime mayhem. So, turn-based strategy is probably out; that said, I love me some TBS, so if it brings the visuals, it'll work just fine.  * World War I/II style ships would be preferred, but anything from Age of Sail to futuristic works as long as it's got ships pounding the shit out of each other.  * It doesn't have to be a strategy game. I'm okay with commanding a single ship, as long as it's not too hardcore a sim. I don't want to spend more time counting fuel and potatoes than firing broadsides. I'd also prefer that I don't need to study a manual beforehand, but I've been known to do so, and I'll do it again if the payoff in devastation is rich enough to warrant it.  * I want some visceral destruction here, so if it's goofy/cartoony, it's not going to "float my boat."  * Bonus points for torpedoes.  Hardware requirements are not an issue. PC only.
[starcraft: brood war]	I was just beat Eternal Darkness and I really liked how it used many small character arcs to tell a big story. I've played a few games that do stuff like this, the beginning of Dragon Quest 4, Wild Arms 3, Suikoden 3, and Live a Live. I've also heard that the SaGa games do this, so I'm thinking of checking those out.   Does anyone know of other games where the story is made up of discrete episodic vignettes or there is at least a decent amount of the characters running around independently before they team up?
[guild wars 2]	I've been looking for an MMO that suits me, but there's just so many and so I go to MMO listing sites and navigating those takes forever as well. I can't try them all.  I would like to play an MMO, preferably a very social game and has leveling, classes, and an economy, and semi-open world (meaning like, there's different worlds you can "fast travel" to and stuff). As well as having your own home and places to hang out with people in addition to the combat stuff.  I've been waiting for Phantasy Star Online 2 to be released internationally but it looks like it's either going to be a long time or outright cancelled.  Any suggestions?  Thanks in advance!  - Alex
[endgame, tera, tera]	I want to play a F2P MMORPG. I've played Guild Wars 2. I like the dynamic events but the gear and level system is absolutely unmotivating because you never really improve. I also played Neverwinter Online which is fun but it lacks the exploring and feel of a big world through its instancing.  I want a F2P game which has good solo pve content and diversity in quests. I want to do many different things (like exploring , crafting, farming, housing). I want this feeling of improvement.  I looked at Tera and Rift but can't deside. is there enough to do outside of questing and combat?
[planescape: torment, spec ops: the line, system shock 2, psychonauts, gone home, bioshock, bioshock, pick up, pick up, xbox]	I'm looking at you, Bioshock/2/Infinite. Games that tell a story or perhaps have a constant narrator or companion who communicates with you real-time. Preferably first person for immersion purposes. I have played Bastion, but I just couldn't take the story seriously. I want to laugh and cry with the character I control. Some side exploration is also good,  searching for bits of background lore, notes, mini stories within the narrative. Maybe even some games where you have to infer the back story or make it up on your own. I love a good mystery. 
[jagged alliance 2]	I bought and installed Fallout Tactics last night. The game is ok but I find it very clunky and old.  I also tried playing an Xcom: Enemy Unknown mod but the main game isn't flexible enough to make interesting gameplay. In Xcom the game is either easy or extremely slow.  What games can you suggest that are turn-based (or any-time pause works) squad combat with modern firearms? Bonus if the game has RPG elements such as increasing skills, talents, etc.  I've been watching Shadowrun Returns on Steam; waiting for a sale.
[natural selection 2]	Games I've played and absolutely loved (Favorite games in the series in parenthesis):   Valve games: Dota 2, CS series(, GO), HL series(2), Portal series(2), TF2  Blizzard games: WoW(wotlk), Diablo series(2), Starcraft series (Broodwar)  Minecraft, COD series(MW2), Bioshock series (Infinite)  Game's I've played and absolutely detest: Fallout(3, NV), Borderlands(1, 2), Elder Scrolls(Oblivion, Skyrim), Battlefield(BC2, 3), League of Legends, Final Fantasy(1,2,7,8), GTA(2,3), Civilization, Aion, Guild Wars.  Games that have piqued my interest, but I haven't had a chance to try: Rift, Dark Souls, EVE online, Payday.  I guess I'm interested in ultra competitive multiplayer games like Dota 2 and single-player masterpieces like HL2.
[aliens: infestation, batman arkham city, lego star wars, indiana jones, walking dead, action games, great deal, goldeneye]	Female  Sixteen  Has iPod Touch So Apps Games Are Okay  Very Smart   Likes Purple, Blue, Green, And Black  Likes Roses  Doesn't Know What Anime Is, I Think That She Can Get Some Of Those If They Are In A Lesser Anime Style Like SF Or Tekken  Xbox One Or PS4 Are Okay, But Not Xbox 360 Or PS3   Has New PC So PC Games Are Okay  DS And 3DS Are Good  So Is Wii, PS2, Gamecube, PS1, And MAYBE Wii U  Likes To Read So Text-Heavy Games Are Okay  She Would Like A Story-Heavy Game  She Likes Paranormal And Superheros  She REALLY Like Dogs  She Would Like Games She Can Play With Her Friends   She Wants Music Games, Strategy Games, Fighting Games, Games With Guns, Platformers, Racing Games, And Party Games  I Also Think She Would Like Dating Games And Simulation Games  She Whats Games That Are Funny  She Also Wants Some Easy Games (Sin. And Multi.) For Her Young Cousins To Play When She Babysits  She Also Whats To Find Some Good Licensed Games  She Wants Games That Last A LONG Time  I Think Ace Attorney And The New MVC Coming Up Would Be Very Good For Her  Thank You        
[path of exile]	Okay. So I've tried to describe my "perfect" game to friends many times before, but they never seem to get what I'm saying. Hopefully you guys will have more luck.  I absolutely love number-crunching, and I like it even more when it's unforgiving. I don't know if any of you played Exile: Escape from the Pit (the classic one, not the shitty remake), but it was one of the first video games I ever played and I have vivid memories of creating characters, having them die because I picked retarded skill sets (like 0 defense and maxed priest skills at level 1), and then making new ones and having them die and trying and dying again and again and again. I love experimenting with strange combinations and discovering unusual, overpowered strategies and "breaking" the game, for lack of a better word. I absolutely fucking hate it when developers try to "dumb down" the game to keep people from picking impossible-to-play combinations; I think experimenting is 99% of the fun for me. Actually beating the game is the boring part.  I love games that have hundreds of items with interesting abilities and stats and combinations. I loved Torchlight in that regard, but the gameplay was boring and repetitive.   I also liked Borderlands, but again, gameplay is repetitive.   I absolutely loved Final Fantasy Tactics (all of them, on PS, GBA, and DS). Golden Sun was also a winner, mainly due to the gigantic variety of items, and the INCREDIBLE Djinn system.  Gratuitous Space Battles also fit the bill pretty closely because of the huge item pool and the fact that most of the game is planning, but the lack of compelling storyline kept me from really getting into it.  Oooh, and Escape Velocity: Nova is another gem. Can't believe I almost forgot that one. Probably one of my favorite games of all time: real-time combat, tons of items and ships and customization, open-world RPG, lots of factions and shit, pretty good storylines.  Anyway. Any suggestions? As a final note, I will say that I'm looking for games I can play on my college laptop, which has integrated Intel graphics. Modern big-name titles probably won't be much use to me.  Thanks.
[neverwinter nights, neverwinter nights, baldur's gate , battlefield 4, mass effect 2, dragon age 2, great deal, this game, game on, kotor]	I'm a fan of RPGs, and I like games with huge amounts of depth.  I've heard that BioWare RPGs are some of the best, but I played all of Mass Effect and didn't like it.  That said, is the rest of BioWare's catalog worth playing?  I've heard good things about both KoTOR and Dragon Age.   EDIT: What I didn't like about Mass Effect: Combat got repetitive, and in all but the first game the tactical combat is lacking.  Didn't find any side quests aside from the character quests in ME2 and 3, found only one side quest in ME1.  Character side quests were paced badly, and in most cases I had no reason to care about the character before starting the quest.  Lack of weapon and armor variety in ME2 and 3 gave it less sense of progression.
[civ, civ, civ]	These games are tough for me, but I really want the whole empire building experience.   I got Galactic Civilizations 2, both for the sci-fi theme and because it sounded pretty decent. Well, after a few restarts figuring things out, I finally got a little galaxy going. Struggled with money for a while, but got things pretty well sorted out, even though there are a few things I don't quite get how to use, and now have a reasonable lead against the other races. But, now I don't really know what to do so start doing random shit and using up a lot of turns waiting for something to happen. This is always how it ends with me in any game involving management. I had a good go with SimCity 4, but ended up in the same place. I would have tried Civ by now if the theme appealed to me more, but I'm willing to give it a shot if it's the best game.  So, it's the mid-game I struggle with. I'm no expert, but I imagine my experience is not totally uncommon, and maybe some games are more geared toward idiots like me. Graphics-wise, I'd prefer something not worse than GalCiv 2. I can't go too much lower with a new genre without it affecting my interest.  EDIT:  I haven't completely given up on GalCiv 2. I can stick with it if it's the best choice. I'm looking at guides and stuff, but it's confusing because either they hold your hand through each turn or assume you know a lot of stuff. 
[far cry, hitman]	Good for my taste in gaming to be more specific. I recently got a new graphics card and can choose a few games to either keep or trade, and I was wondering if anyone had any opinions on them and it they would suit my taste.   ------------------------- Games I Can Choose From: ------------------------- Tomb Raider  Hitman Absolution  Sleeping Dogs  Deus Ex  Sniper Elite  Devil May Cry  Far Cry 3  Far Cry: Blood Dragon  ----------------------------------- Games I've Played Recently and Liked: ------------------------------------ Fallout 3: Enjoyed this sort of FPS/RPG hybrid.  Bioshock Infinite: Cool, immersive world, satisfying gameplay  Civ 5: Not much to be said  Dead Space 3: I'd say overall I liked it but I wasn't really on board for the direction of making it more action oriented.  Saint's Row: The Third  Skyrim   ------------------- Games I Didn't Like: ------------------- Deadpool: Not really a fan of hack and slash games that require a lot of platforming/stealth  Dishonored: Not a fan of stealth games.    Thanks in advance for any help.  
[crusader kings 2]	You start out a peasant, and end up a king! You start out a kitchen help, and end up a captain of your own fleet! You start out a busboy, and end up owning 25 restaurants!  I'm looking for games ( I suspect they will be RPG's ) in which you have to climb higher and higher in order to achieve your ultimate goal. Preferably with steps in between the start and your Goal.  Example: Oblivion: Them Factions, in which you slowly but surely end up the leader of various factions... from associate to Archmage so to speak. Fable 3: You start out a prince/princess, go through a phase of nothingness and end up king/queen ... I'd like it to have more semi-goals though ( like prince-&gt; nothing -&gt; Count -&gt; Duke -&gt; King or something) ... and that's all I can think of :(
[civ]	So, i need a new game for when iam not in the mood for playing anything to fast paced.  The game should be one you can play in window mode while watching an episode or a movie.  I like all those small flash games but i would like something with a little more debth - progress is always nice (better weapons, achivements and souch)  I have played a lot of Faster Than light and i like the way you are able to leave the game and come back a while after with nothing changed.  The new blizzard game Heartstone looks nice aswell, but i doubt iam able to get a beta key
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r.: shadow of chernobyl, wasteland 2]	Yes I have played Fall-out. Through and through. 1,2, tactics, 3 and LV.  So basically games like "The Last of Us" made me hankering for apocalypse good-times but I'm one of those gamers that likes huge open world (preferably RPG's but that doesn't matter) games. So a game like "The Last Of Us" was very well done but in the end didn't keep me occupied very long.   These days I've been played Wasteland in Arma, and occasionally reboot fallout or run through a more linear-game, but I was hoping there might be something out there I've missed.   Any ideas/suggestions?
[final fantasy 14, this game]	Okay, so I have played wow, and I loved it when I was raiding, but as soon as I stopped the game lost appeal to me. I was looking for something that is casual, I can do pretty much on my own and reap decent rewards, and if I'm feeling up to it, I can get a group and spend a few hours getting better rewards. I would prefer free but am willing to spend a little bit.    I'm downloading Planetside 2 at the moment to see how I like that. And have played Dragon's nest(may go back) but was looking for something both grindy, and fun. Any ideas?
[pc gamer]	Ok. So first this isn't that simple.  I used to be a PC gamer years ago.  But money got tight and I couldn't afford to keep upgrading to have the best graphics.  So I moved to console.  Now with the next gen coming out, I've decided PS4 over xbone.  But at the same time I would rather get back to PC.  And honestly I have no idea how to build a PC.  Also I don't know the best boards and cards right now.  I loved the modding community back then.  I'm not a modder myself, just enjoyed what other people did.  I keep reading about a Skyrim mod that makes you have to sleep and eat like real life.  That sounds cool to me.  Anyway, I guess my question is, is there a reputable site out there that builds gaming PC's for a budget that will play the great games like Skyrim and the like?  I'm terribly sorry if this is the wrong subreddit.  Also, please don't respond with crap like PC is the master race.  If it extremely cheaper to build my own, which again I don't know how, where can I learn?  Layman ppl, layman.
[dark souls]	Basically looking for a game or games I would enjoy having/playing. Some games I have played and liked...  **Dragon's Dogma**(PS3): I really enjoyed the combat and pawn system; it became a bit boring/too long to do some quests, do not have DA but have the original  **Skyrim**(PS3): Love being able to use/do most anything, exploration, had 15 characters each with minimal 30+ hours(usually closer to 60); combat is a bit boring, story was bad, sold my copy months ago, never bought the DLC \*haven't played since January\*  **Borderlands 2**(PS3): Enjoy the loot variety and that it has local multi(have a brother to play with), classes, the humor; do not like how uvhm is very bullet-spongy  **Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate**(3DS): Really fun, love the combat &amp; crafting, have 300 hours in it(bought in May); G rank is a bit slow, have to play solo, farming for 2% items is a pain  **Pokemon**(as a series): Own at least 1 game from each generation, always fun to start over and try something new, had 500+ hours on Ruby alone; getting to lvl 100 takes a long time, never got into battling other players  **Baulder's Gate Dark alliance 1 &amp; 2**(PS2): was really fun, bunch of classes and styles; rarely play ps2 anymore  **Champions of Norrath 1 &amp; 2**(PS2): very fun, multiplayer,got to max lvl and farmed for a matching armor set; rarely play ps2 anymore  **Marvel Ultimate Alliance**(PS3): fun, multiplayer, super heroes/powers  **Runescape**: Have over 250 days on my acc, played a lot for years; haven't played since Feb, was on and off for the last 3 years  I also own but haven't played Demon's Souls, Deus Ex, Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon, Shadow of the Colossus, Diablo 2, and Morrowind.  *TL:DR*   I really enjoy rpgs, leveling, good/great combat, crafting/collecting resources, weapon variety is a big plus, semi-difficult combat, as long as there's quests/missions I don't mind grinding, lots of classes, and not a big fan of shooters(will still play if good but things like COD, BF3, games that pretty much require a big group of friends don't interest me). Systems I have is PS3, Wii, and 3DS; my laptop is pre-HD graphics.
[crusader kings 2]	So, I originally wanted to spend that money on Mirror's Edge when it's 75% off, but I got it for free by now. So I still got those  and don't know what to spend them on. Since there still is 50% off on Greenlight games, I thought this might be a good opportunity to ask. I don't really have any Genre restrictions, however I do have to admit that it should probably be a game which I can easily play here, since I am restricted to a laptop for a whole while and haven't got a mouse or such (just touchpad). And it shouldn't be too resource intense and heavily relying on controls, so nothing really Battlefield or CoD-ish.  To give you an impression of the direction: I really liked Papers, Please. Sadly, with that budget I can't buy it on Steam, so I am pretty much looking for something which maybe has similar easy controls and offers a lovely story and gameplay as this game did. So I guess it goes more into the direction of Indie games perhaps. I checked out Zombie Organ Trail and I like that system that you can improve your stuff (iirc) plus that retro style and the setting is kinda cool, but I don't really like that running around and shooting part. If I have a minimalist game, I rather not have those parts, more relying on strategy and resource management or something.  I hope I could give you an impression of what I am looking for. I might as well wait for games to drop at 75% off at Winter Sale or something, so I am not REALLY in a hurry.  Other games I liked were: Civ V (involves geography), BioShock (setting), TF2 (gameplay), Portal series (gameplay), DotA2 (gameplay), Payday (gameplay), Total War: Shogun (setting and gameplay), Dark Souls (gameplay).  I like games involving geography and such a lot, like leading a country, forging alliances, playing history, demographics, all that stuff. So, any suggestions perhaps?  Thanks in advance
[star wars: knights of the old republic, star wars: knights of the old republic, vampire: the masquerade - bloodlines, lionheart: legacy of the crusader, dark messiah: might and magic, avadon: the black fortress, deus ex: human revolution, temple of elemental evil, neverwinter nights 2, dragon age: origins, legend of grimrock, might and magic 6, might and magic 7, shadowrun returns, jagged alliance 2, fallout tactics, alpha protocol, system shock 2, icewind dale 2, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, arx fatalis, anachronox, anachronox, geneforge, geneforge, this game, fallout 2, out there, game over, avernum, avernum]	1) What are the best free RTS games on PC? I already know of 0 , Zero-K, Warzone 2100, Glest, and the Spring Engine games.  2) What are the best Source mods out there? I've already got a ton and I feel like I've seen and am planning to download most of the good ones but hopefully there are some hidden gems out there that I haven't come across yet.  3) What are the best single player RPG games for PC that have a great story and a long playtime (&gt;20h)?  4) Same as question 3 but which of these are FREE?  Thanks all! Glad I found this subreddit :)
[dark souls]	I really like League of Legends, but it gets boring playing without my friends sometimes, so I'd like a similar game I can play on my own. Doesn't necessarily have to be a MOBA, so long as it has the same sort of game-feel as controlling your character from that perspective at a reasonable pace.  I imagine I'm probably going to get suggestions for dungeon-crawlers like Diablo, but there's something about those that I'm not quite into, maybe the pace or the sheer amount of enemies and how easy they are to kill, idunno. But I'll consider any suggestions you guys have, thanks!
[stronghold crusader ]	Hey all. Looking for a game where I can build or occupy a base and defend against enemies without having to worry about resource gathering outside of it. Basically I'm looking for game play where I can defend my walls against waves of enemies. Any setting would be worth looking at (Sci-Fi, middle ages, fantasy, WWII, etc).  I've tried tower defense games but most that I have seen have graphics that are too cartoon-like or you can't build mobile units.   Graphically, I'd like some detail. Something along the lines of Dawn of War or CoH perhaps.  Anyways, any help would be appreciated! 
[tomb raider, far cry]	So, I haven't had much time for games since I was a kid, but now I'm at a place in life where I can finally pick them up again.  I have a 360, and in the past year I've played Red Dead Redemption, Skyrim, and Farcry 3... and they were some of the best gaming experiences I've ever had.  I love the open-world natural landscape settings for those games, and I'm looking for my next fix to tide me over until GTA V.  I picked up Mass Effect 3 thinking that might be it, but it isn't quite what I'm going for.  Any suggestions?  Edit:  I'll add that I saw the other "tide me over til GTA V" thread with all of the open-world crime suggestions, and while some of those look cool, I'm looking for something a little less... urban.
[planetside 2, dayz]	I'm looking for a shooter game, with interesting and tactical sniper gameplay. Probably the best example of what I'm looking for would be Planetside 2, however, snipers really don't feel that great in that game for several reasons, such as, most combat revolves around vehicles, and everything on foot is usually happening indoors and in high elevation, thus getting a vantage point and doing what you do best rarely happens. I'm curious if there's anything open world mmo-ish with snipers that aren't there just becouse every fps has it.
[metal gear 2: solid snake, special operations, metal gear solid, silent hill, face off, mgs2, mgs2, mgs3, mgs3, mgs4, mgs4, mgs4, mgs4]	I played MGS2 Sons of Liberty when I was a kid. Because of how praised the series is as a whole, I want to get into it and play it properly. But there are so many games in the series, I would like to know what the essential games are.  I'm probably getting my hands on the HD collection. Should I also get MGS1? What about the PSP spinoffs? Note, I don't have a Vita, so if there are any Vita exclusives, I can't play those. So, which ones aside from the HD collection should I definitely get to experience the series as best as possible? Thanks!
[star wars: dark forces, magic the gathering, neverwinter nights, super mario world, super mario world, master of orion 2, master of orion 2, final fantasy , wolfenstein 3d, wing commander, wing commander, dragon warrior, baldur's gate, icewind dale, star citizen, wasteland 2, freespace 2, tie fighter, mario 1, nes]	Being only 16 years of age, and never an avid gamer until the age of 13 i have unfortuantley missed out on years of gaming history and hundreds of great retro games. I really would love to make it a goal to play most key influential games in the evolution and development of gaming as a medium. For example what RPG's really set the standard for the genre and which one's culminated into the evolution of this genre. Would appreciate any suggestions and help. Also looking into purchasing older consoles/handhelds just because i enjoy retro gaming very much (although i do so with limited knowledge of it :D). Thanks!!!
[path of exile, diablo 2]	Title pretty much says it all, I've been looking for a new MMO to play that doesn't include a monthly fee and has at least some form of open-world roaming. I really enjoyed Guild Wars 2 (account got hacked and perma-banned) as well as Neverwinter's movement-based combat. Also played WoW for a few years but quit after the monthly fee became too much for my budget to handle. Graphics and processing power aren't problems.  Don't know where else to put this, was hoping r/gamingsuggestions could help find a good one.
[natural selection 2]	I'm trying to determine if there are any games out there that give you the ability to command units in an RTS or Strategic Map method, but then switch into and out of first person direct control of a unit. Battlestations is the closest I've come to seeing it implemented successfully. I dug Toy Soldiers (Dungeon Defenders was alright), but the tower defense style doesn't do much for me.  Similar games I've played:  * Battlestations: Midway and Pacific * Toy Soldiers * Dungeon Defenders * Men of War (tried the first in the series, not sure if the "direct control" switches to first person is later games) * Heard that Heroes &amp; Generals might be along these lines, but not too sure  Edit: PC and 360.
[dawn of war 2]	As someone who has never played a Warhammer game before, what Warhammer game should I start with. I've had a passing interest for the franchise for a while now, and I decided to start playing some of the games. I do have Warhammer 40k: Dawn of War from some bundle I bought a while ago, but am not sure if that is the right game to start with. Any help is appreciated.  --- Edit: Thanks everyone. I now have a plan of games I'm going to play. I will start with Dawn of War 1, look into getting the DLC if I enjoy the game, then go to Dawn of War 2 (and DLC). After I'm done with those games, I'll probably look at Space Marine. Thanks for all of the feedback and helpful responses.
[garry's mod]	Me and my roommates were just talking about how the best time of our lives was when we were playing video games. Discussing how it keep us happy and every day at school we'd talk about what we did the night before. It keep us from getting in trouble and we all miss it. So I am calling out to anyone else who felt this euphoria and asking your opinion for a game for all of us to play together. Preferably PC because those are the most fun and those are the games we played (runescape, toontown, maplestory, Dungeon fighter, and just a bunch of other old PC games). Any suggestions will do, preferably one you pay for once, and we dont wanna ruin our lives with WoW, we love the game but its  good :) hopefully this will inspire others to get together again and just play any game with your friends and experience those moments you felt as a kid again. Thank You :)  EDIT: We were also hoping that you guys might be able to suggest some RPGs or MMOs as well! :D, that would be great! I know reddit can pull through for us! :D 
[shadow hearts, dark cloud]	Just trying to play some ps2 games I missed a lot on. As in terms of my favorite games, it will always be persona 3 and 4. I loved the gameplay, characters as well as its theme.  I do not however plan on playing: Disgaea, Shadow of Colossus, ICO, Kingdom Hearts series, and other Megami Tensei series (I know these games aren't necessarily RPG, but I know someone out there is going to say I should play these on PS2 or something). I've seen too much of these games talked about, tried most of them and found it to be disappointing compared to its hype  - especially SoC. I find shadow of colossus to be one of the most overrated games about how under rated it is, but that's my personal opinion. Also megami tensei series is an exception because ive played it all, and it will always have a special place in my heart.  I've been looking at Valkyrie Profile games and Xenosaga games, and thinking about playing them but I'm not too sure.  Edit: also, no final fantasy games.
[metal gear solid]	Hey there,   yes: the worlds of GTA 4, Fallout 3 or Skyrim may feel huge, but when traveling across an entire map doesn't even take longer than walking from my PC to Walgreens I really don't feel any kind of size.   In *The Last of Us*, the linear gameplay made me feel like traveling cross country. There were time and location cuts, yes, but switching from cities to towns to wilderness levels gave me the impression that this was a massive world I was traveling.   Is there any game with a similar feel of a *The Stand*-like journey? An RPG that takes you through several kingdoms? A shooter that follows a story over months or even years? A genre mix that tells a tale so epic that finishing it feels like finishing a book?  Thanks!  
[homeworld, homeworld, homeworld]	Anyone else familiar with Homeworld? It came out in 1999. I was born in '96, so it was quite a while after it's release before I played it, but when I did I fell in love.  I understand it's considered among the better space RTS games. The story was compelling, the implementation of tactics and strategy was solid, the scenarios were diverse, and the setting was engaging.  I recently got a new computer that can actually play games, and I'm wondering if anyone can recommend me games that might hit any of the same notes. If you think it's a worthwhile enough game, it doesn't have to be space-based or even sci-fi.
[final fantasy mystic quest, dragon warrior monsters, final fantasy tactics, tales of symphonia, tales of symphonia, tales of phantasia, tales of legendia, tales of legendia, legend of dragoon, out of this world, illusion of time, radiata stories, final fantasy 4, final fantasy x, final fantasy 7, final fantasy 1, kingdom hearts, chrono trigger, secret of mana, mortal kombat, dragon quest, rogue galaxy, rogue galaxy, rogue legacy, tactics ogre, fire emblem, fire emblem, stella deus, arc the lad, wild arms 3, paper mario, terranigma, growlanser, golden sun, suikoden 3, star ocean, star ocean, star ocean, dark cloud, dark cloud, disgaea 3 , actraiser, shadowrun, xenosaga, robotek, lufia 2, nes]	One type of game that I enjoy playing is the type of game that I can see my character's stats get larger. I know that this is avatar strength and not true improvement, but I get a great sense of satisfaction from seeing the numbers grow. I also like games where you explore and can find items that make you stronger and can use those items to help you against bosses and enemies. I feel like I have not played as many games of this type as I'd like to. Open to any genre/series on any system between the NES and PS2.
[back to nature, back to nature, harvest moon, harvest moon, playstation]	I realize that it's kind of subjective, and there probably isn't just one single "best" Harvest Moon, but you know what I mean.  But things haven't been going so great around here the last couple of weeks, for reasons I won't get into... So I've been looking for something simple and easy and pleasant to play, and I figure "Why not Harvest Moon?" and that's what I'm going to play.  But there's a ton of them. And I don't know which one is the best one :(  I played the GBA one back in the day, and I enjoyed it. So I'm sure I'll enjoy the other ones too. Is there one Harvest Moon that's considered to be the best? Or, which one is your favorite and why?  Oh, I have a Wii and a DS, so I have pretty much all of the games covered. I don't have a PS2 or PSP, so I can't play those 2-3 games, so hopefully those ones weren't the best... And I have no preference over handheld or console.
[assassin's creed, pcs]	This might be an odd request, because consoles are usually considered to have lower resolution/performance than gaming PCs; but if you're like me and you've never had a computer that was top of the line, or could play games released in the same year the PC was made, maybe you know that feeling that gaming consoles are far ahead of your PC.  Which is why I take such pleasure in games that feel like they should be for console yet can run on my pc, mostly ported games or games from a couple years ago, nothing in 2D.  Since this is kind of a performance based request, I will provide my specs in two ways.   [For people who know about computers](http:// And for the general public, here's the games that I've played that fit what I'm saying.    * Bulletstorm - Playable with serious lag. - Really liked the game.    * Deus Ex:HR - Playable, but lags a lot. - Game is good.    * Battlefront II - Runs great, lags if the PC has been on too long - Love it.    * Fallout 3 - Runs ok on minimum settings, better with performance mods. - Loved this game.    * Fallout NV - Runs same as Fallout 3 - Best game ever.    * Halo - Game runs perfectly. - I love me some Halo.    * Halo 2 - Game stutters for a second every half an hour. - Haven't finished it, loving it so far.    * Unreal Tournament 2004 - Runs perfectly - Great game, not enough story.  * Assassin's Creed - Lags a fuckload, especially in crowds, barely playable on minimum.    * Prototype - Lags slightly worse than AC.    * Portal - Haven't tried it in this particular laptop, runs on an older one. - I really liked the game.    * TES IV: Oblivion - Runs on highest settings - Didn't care for the game, played for an hour.    Other games I've loved (mostly on PS2) are Dark Cloud 1/2, GTA SA, FF X/X-2/III, Just Cause, Cave Story, Mario Kart Wii, Midnight Club III.
[saints row the third]	Hey guys,  My girlfriend works a lot and is a bit stressed at night. She sometimes can't stop thinking about work. I suggested she could try gaming, as I find it relieving to escape to an alternate reality (Aw yiss mf Dark Souls). She's interested and would like to try it.  So I'm looking for a game for her, not too violent, difficult or 'in your face', but with a lot of satisfaction. Platform can be ps3 or pc.  She has very little gaming experience (some sonic, mario, sims 15+ years ago). She also has a very hard time playing with a controller: The learning curve of walking and managing the camera, in addition to learning to play a modern game is too steep for her, and might put her off (for now).  I was thinking about multitasking games (sims?), strategy or indie games? She's very good at organizing.  Any tips? Thanks!  ps: yes she reads, sports, takes hot baths and drinks, but is looking for something new :)
[red dead redemption, this game, game on]	Hello,   I realised I start too many games and never finish them, mostly because i just don't get sucked into it enough.   So could someone suggest a game to me which will make me want to finish it.   I realise everyone has their own opinions, so not everything will fit but I will happily check out all suggested games.   Update: Over the past 5/6 years I've been a big wow player but over the past year and a half I only play it casually. I play competitive games like sc2 and lol. Ive been waiting for hearthstone to come out  spare beta keys for hearthstone are most welcome;))But every now and again I like to just shut out the world and lose myself to a good game. I will quite happily play most games, I tend to pick up anything that takes my fancy and at least give it a go. I love games like the monkey Island series, the zelda series. I recently finished bioshock infinite, which I thought was great. I'm not a big fan of scary/creepy games, I prefer to be able to relax and play rather than worry what's round the next corner. But generally I will try anything, thanks for all the suggestions so far. 
[candy box]	I'm on this huge documentary binge and I'm loving it... Buuuut I'm the kind of person that if I don't interact with something or do something for a long period of time, I will go insane.  I've been mindlessly playing games like [Cookie Clicker](http:// (I'm so sorry if you just found this out, prepare to be addicted.) and I found that it really helped me. Is there any game I can sit back and just play mindlessly?  More help:  - Can be Browser/Steam game - No console game, please - The genre can be anything - Setting can be Fantasy/Sci-Fi/Anything - Don't put Minecraft/Terraria. I already tried those, but that requires too much of my attention - Can be RPG (Preferred, actually.) - MMO's are fine too. Just not sub based  Thanks!
[garry's mod]	So a friend and I across the world in Denmark are super into playing games on late nights. So far things have been awesome but the plate has gotten stale, but we're pretty damn limited (sigh). We've played (or at least tried playing each of these):  *Minecraft  *Minecraft (Better than Wolves Mod)  *Don't Starve  *Cubeworld (which is too slow for me to play on my PC)  *Draw My Thing  *The Sims 2  *Terraria  I'm really into the fantasy and exploration aspect of games and even more the idea of having a sandbox world that you can build or expand.  Be aware I have hardware limitations and she's in another country so x-box, PS3, and Wii games don't really work for this situation. If anyone has any suggestions? I'd be thrilled to hear 'em.
[loadout]	I've always found that I'm drawn to the strange genre of 3rd person shooters that have the holy trinity of fun (for me). Multiplayer 3rd person shooter game + RPG style abilities and progression + satisfying movement. I also like a competitive atmosphere.   Some games I have played to illustrate what I'm talking about:  1. *Global Agenda* - was an all time favorite, but Hi-Rez has a tendency for ruining games in the long term. The 3rd person gun play mixed with the rpg abilities made amazingly fun PvP while it lasted.  2. *Tribes: Ascend* - I jumped onboard Tribes after Global Agenda. I really enjoyed the movement in this game, but the game became pretty stagnant after Hi-Rez abandoned it.  ^[Hi-Rez ^and ^me ^have ^trust ^issues ^at ^this ^point]  3. *Warframe* - I really love the slick movement and melee in this game, but the PvE element can only hold my attention for so long. I still play this game casually from time to time. This is one of the only games that lacks the competitive feel, but is still a pleasure to play.   4. *Firefall* - I really want to like this game, as it reminds me of Global Agenda in a richer open world, along with some focus on PvP. After more than a few weeks, playing the game seems more like work though. Not enough variety to keep me interested and everything seems to be a grind towards no apparent goal.   Alright, so those are the games that exemplified thestyle of gameplay I'm looking for. Are there any other games like these that will capture my attention? 
[the binding of isaac , mark of the ninja, thomas was alone, racing games, cave story, dustforce ]	My usual gaming computer has broken down, and I'm not exactly overloaded with cash, so for a while if I feel like gaming I have to do it on my netbook, though which fortunatly for me, is relatively powerfull - however, it comes of very short in games where the keyboard and mouse need to be used simultaneously (fx FPS games, and such). Does anyone have any suggestions for some good games (not too demanding - it's a netbook, not a desktop)? I was thinking something in the line of racing, strategy, or platformers?
[warhammer 40,000: space marine, temple of elemental evil, planescape: torment, cyberpunk 2077, neverwinter , icewind dale, shadowrun]	Hello  I'm looking to get mostly feedback on games which have a incredible depth of lore related to the game/world. the kind of games I'm looking for have sources outside of the game for learning about the lore, so books and other things like that, a wiki doesn't really count. So games like Mass effect would be counted out. Same goes for games based on real life events/ legends. So games based on Arthurian or Greek legends would not be useful as well.   What I know of so far  Elder scrolls Ultima Might and Magic Warcraft Diablo the DnD based games   Any suggestions would be helpful. Thanks in advance
[mass effect]	I'm looking for a new series to indulge in.. something where I can have a good amount of fun with many of the entries and has at least a few games ( not 2). I've played my fair share of games in the past so I may have already played some things that will be suggested but if it's VERY popular you can assume I've already played it (any Blizzard game, for example).  Age is usually not an issue though probably mid-90s and later would be best (not really looking to play Commander Keen again, though it is fun). I recently played through a bunch of the Commander &amp; Conquer games as I had never tried a single one and had a blast, so something like that would be nice. I am into most genres or at least willing to give them a shot, but bewarned that I am usually not interested in RPGs unless they REALLY have something interesting going for them.  What great series have I been missing out on?
[civilization v]	Howdy!  So I'm going to have 10 days of free time and want to get in some game time. I'm having trouble finding a good line up of games.   Games I've enjoyed: Unreal Tournament, Final Fantasy, Half-Life, Skyrim, Diablo, Minecraft, God of War, Forza, iRacing, WoW, EQ2, etc.   Any suggestions for a good maybe 2-3 games that I absolutely should not miss?  I really enjoy a wide variety of games which makes it really tough to narrow down some good ones... So what games should I absolutely not miss?  Cheers!  Edit: I prefer PC, but I can also do Xbox 360.
[rogue legacy, spelunky]	I bought Rogue Legacy. I loved the look of the game and I *really* loved how the progression worked, but I found the controls to be absolutely disastrous without a gamepad so I'll have to save it for when I have my gamepads back.  I own Binding of Isaac and FTL and enjoyed the gameplay of both for a while, but after a few hours the constant restarting with nothing to show for it just gets a bit boring.  I know Roguelike fans are probably going to hate me for that last paragraph, I know where you are coming from and I'm sorry, but having a sense of progression really helps alleviate the stresses of dying especially in a genre so focused on randomness.  Thanks!
[tropico]	I'm not that big of a fan of most strategy games because I tend to find micromanaging things really boring. Crusader Kings 2 is the big exception though, simply because it isn't really focused on building a nation, but a dynasty. Instead of simply trying to get a bigger army, you need to actually plot and plan to build alliances or betray your enemies.  Now I also like Civilization because that also plays a part (even if most of it is just building your civilization).   I've tried Total War but I find it really boring. I really don't like the battle aspect of it, either. I prefer strategy to tactics.  So, yeah. I'm not sure how to explain it. I guess I just like the intrigue/diplomacy part of these games, not the actual nation/kingdom building. So I'd like suggestions of games with that intrigue/diplomacy part.   (my post might not be very coherent or maybe I'm being too negative or something, really tired and just wanted to post this before I go to sleep)
[robot unicorn attack, pick-up]	I am looking to add a few games into my Android tablet. I am looking for games that are easy to play (simple control schemes), but not too casual. I already have games like Angry Birds and Fruit Ninja.                  Turn-based strategy games and/or RPG will be perfect. I am trying to stay away from games like Infinity Blade because it's too action-y. I have checked out a few games on the app store, but I found that a lot of them require constant internet connection. I also find it extremely annoying when the games give out a bunch of random notification.              TL;DR: looking for android strategy/rpg games that don't require internet access.
[katawa shoujo, mirrors edge, mass effect, out there, bioshock, tf2]	Throughout my life I have played video games. I've played things such as Maplestory, The Starcraft Series, The Diablo Series, The Warcraft Series, Grand Chase, Elsword, S4 League, Lunia, Flyff, Ragnarok online, Rose Online, Mabinogi, Atlantica, Vindictus, League of Legends, and many more games.  Over the years these games have started to get more and more boring to me. I've only been keeping up with Starcraft (which is dying out) and League of Legends recently. Every now and then I play Grand Chase and check up on my characters so my accounts don't expire.  What I really want to know is what games do you think are fun to play and that I could get into? I also want to know what is the reasoning for the games that you advise me to try out. I am also willing to get back into and old game that I used to play if they have new content and you have reasoning towards why I should play the game again.  I'll leave edits for whatever you guys want me to try out so feel free to just shoot some video games towards me with reasons why I should play it. Thanks Guys __________________________________________________ TL;DR, I've been playing video games on the computer for around 14 years and am looking for a new video game. I am experienced in most genre's but generally am not into P2P games. __________________________________________________ Tera Online: I've been dabbling around in the game a bit. I'm currently level 15 in the game, and I think the best part about the game is that it is more of a hack and slash MMOrpg. I feel like more companies should start developing games like this (Can't wait till Elder Scrolls comes out.) 
[world of warcraft]	Hello everyone, how you doing?   So, i'm considering playing an mmorpg. I was a WoW player and i loved absolutely everthing about WoW, but had to quit during the Cataclysm because of college and money problems. ( I experienced some of the 10 man raid in cataclysm though).  I'm interested in finding an alternative mmo until next year.  I'm really interested in a mmorpg with very good PvE  really loved raiding in WoW.       Besides this, i have a second criteria, and that is ... well.. factions. I feel like this is the most important one. I tried out Tera, i like it (i'm level 20, so i didnt experienced the pve just yet) ,but i'm kinda annoyed by the fact that every single race is in an alliance with all the other races, everyone haves the same starting zone, the same starting quests.  I'm an altaholic , i like having a lot of characters, play every single zone from multiple points of view, and that is severly limited by mmorpgs with all races starting in the same zone with the same quests. And besides that, i feel the need of some intrigue, of some tension between the races, maybe even some different classes specific to a race, or maybe small abilities differences (in wow early on priests had different spells for each race).  Thanks a lot everyone.   **TL:DR** - Looking for a mmorpg with the following :  * Lfg automatic queue system, good PvE content, at least 5 -10 men  * As many races as posible, with each having different starting zones, different quest lines, maybe different classes or skill variations.  * If possible, i would like the races to be in a war or at least have some tension between them, similar to WoW, either each one for theirselves, or different groups of certain races (horde vs aliance)  .
[mario kart: super circuit]	My Mom is a social worker for troubled elementary school aged students and is trying to get some games for her children to use with my old gameboy advance. However, there is only one GBA and the kids can't take it out of her office. Any game that only has one save slot or takes several hours of play would probably only cause the kids to fight or be upset when they lose their data. This basically means all of my old games are no good, since I only had RPGs.   Does anyone know of some good games that are either short or allow for multiple saves for the Gameboy Advance? A big list would be great since we are hunting through thrift stores and might not be able to track down things online.  Thank you very much for your time and suggestions!   Games we have already:   Legend of Zelda (probably no good)  Cartoon Network Collection   Dragon ritch monsters (Not sure of the name, its partially torn off)  Tony Hawk   Tetris  Super Mario 3   Edit: Clarified children's ages.
[max payne 3]	I felt like making this thread because I had a question; after playing the Chesapeake Bay mission in AC3, I was blown away. The naval combat is amazing, the sky filled with smoke, and the MUSIC, do not get me started on. I plan to definitely play the others, (whenever I feel like not playing GTA V, which i think will be a while). Are there any games that have an amazing epic score, cinematic gameplay, and an immersive environment? Idk if AC4 will have this because the gameplay ive seen of it with naval combat is just fuckin goofy pirate music.....   Are there any other gaming series that are as acclaimed as AC that should be noted for its great story and gameplay? I have never touched the other AC games (except a bit of 1) and I want to know if there are other games that have a story spanning several games that have the elements listed above.  Edit; gameplay should play a factor somehow; i wouldn't want a game that feels awesome, but doesn't PLAY awesome
[heavy rain]	These TVtropes pages explain it well and list some examples at the bottom.  http:// http:// http://  A good example from TV is Game of Thrones -- in that, some storylines have very little impact on the others (at least so far in the series), but will clearly end up having a larger impact later on. I'm curious if you guys can name any videogames that do that kind of thing.
[dynasty warriors 8, be good]	I've been really looking for a decent Hack 'n' Slash game for a while now and can't find one, I've played God of War series, DmC and a few others (can't remember the names atm) so if someone could just throw some out there for me that'd be great....  Also when I say modern graphics I mean anything on like the xbox 360/ps3 years + doesn't have to be outstanding graphics, just nothing that looks like DmC 1.  Edit: I have played the ninja gaiden series, Darksiders, Dante's Inferno The Witcher 2. Sorry about that it's just difficult for me to remember all of em, I'll list more as people suggest more I've played.
[star wars: knights of the old republic, star wars: knights of the old republic, vampire: the masquerade - bloodlines, lionheart: legacy of the crusader, dark messiah: might and magic, avadon: the black fortress, deus ex: human revolution, temple of elemental evil, neverwinter nights 2, legend of grimrock, might and magic 6, might and magic 7, shadowrun returns, jagged alliance 2, fallout tactics, alpha protocol, system shock 2, icewind dale 2, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, arx fatalis, anachronox, anachronox, geneforge, geneforge, this game, fallout 2, out there, game over, avernum, avernum]	I absolutely love video games that are... I would say, "higher end" in terms of graphics. I've played a lot of video games in the past and I can say that my absolute favorite ones are the ones that have a great story or have a great character customization. Because of the latter part, I've loved MMOs quite a bit. But I'm looking for something new to throw myself into!  Games that I like(d):  + Dragon Age: Origins + Mass Effect 2 and 3 + Saint's Row: The Third, and SR:IV + Pokemon (as a series) + Persona 3: Portable and Persona 4 + Final Fantasy VIII and X + Civilization V  MMOs I've played include anywhere between Ragnarok Online, to WoW, TERA, Guild Wars 1 and 2, as well as Aion and The Secret World.  TSW had a great story and has an okay character customization, but it felt really, really difficult. I can say I loved Guild Wars 1 (although it was difficult for me in some areas) but I felt as though Guild Wars 2 was... lacking, in some way, shape or form.  I can't quite put my hand on it except that open world gameplay where you run around and explore new things just isn't my thing, which is weird because I love Saint's Row 3 and 4, but I don't like Skyrim even modded to death. Maybe it has to do with the way the game plays or maybe it's just because I hate aimless wondering with no real objective, but... yeah. There's that!  Any and all suggestions would be appreciated. I'm sorry if I'm being very oddly specific, but at this point I am open to anything. Thank you very much!
[assassin's creed]	i've been playing DCUO for amost 2 years now, but i dont have time for a guild or to grind through 3 hour pug raids so my progress is getting stagnant. and now with all the GTAV hype, i'm getting pretty excited about that. but the problem is that i have about 20 brand new games still in wrapper from the past 2 or 3 Black Fridays that have yet to be played. i dont really want to blow $60 right now so i figure i should play what i got.  i've narrowed it down to these:  * Assassin's Creed I * Batman Arkham Asylum GOTY Ed * GTAIV (+The Lost And Damned &amp; Ballad Of Gay Tony)  i also really wanted to play ACIII, but i didnt play the first two, so i figured i should start at the beginning of a series.  i did play a little bit of Arkham Asylum on pc and liked it a lot, but i got busy and stopped playing for whatever reason. so i got GOTY Ed for PS3 when it was on sale thinking that i'd pick it back up some time. but then i started playing DCUO and now here i am.   as for GTAIV, GTAIII was one of the last games i completed on PS2 and i loved that open world roaming. i was thinking maybe i should play this to satiate my GTAV craving.  any opinions?
[kingdom hearts, machinarium, samorost, samorost]	I did search the subreddit but only found a few posts that were at least 6 months old. So I wanted to get some up-to-date suggestions.   I enjoy a range of games but I'm really not into gore unless it's cartoonish. Realistic stuff gets to me. I enjoy some kids' stuff but I have a preference for more story-driven games. For instance, I really enjoy the Final Fantasy series and MMOs.  Anyway, I'm expanding my gaming but I really don't know what's out there.  **What are some good non-violent games that aren't just for kids?**  Also, I am getting Arkham Origins in October (yes, somewhat violent but he doesn't kill). I originally reserved it for the XBOX 360 but I'm getting more and more into PC gaming lately and was thinking about switching my order to the PC version. Is this a good or bad idea?   Thanks so much, guys.
[super meat boy, shadow warrior, 10 second run, hotline miami, school maze, hexen]	Hi everyone, I'm looking for games really really fast, I like already the sonic series, but also Nitronic Rush and some fast fps.   I don't know enough games, any types of games will be fine, I just want it to be really very fast,like we can't get what happens if we go max speed.   It will be even better if I as said you're not supposed to go the max speed,because it can let me do it and enjoy the game a new way, I love learn how to go fast without losing in this kind of games ( currently speedrunning a little bit sonic adventure 2 battle, but also will give a try of Nitronic Rush speedunning) 
[the last of us, the last of us, know how, gta v, gta v, gta v]	I'm a father of three with limited time and funds when concerning my own indulgences. Now, I've been following the hype of GTA since the beginning. I'm not going to be able to buy it for another year or so because I honestly cannot justify buying myself a piece of entertainment while my children could be getting something of better entertainment, because let's face it, they're going to have time to enjoy things more than I will. So my question: I have not played Bioshock Infinite or Last of Us. I'm always anticipating for the ultimate MMO, which I imagine, will never happen. Do you guys think that GTA V would be a better purchase than Last of Us? I've got limited time on the console as it is. So I kind of have to pick up and play when I can. Note: My kids would not be playing GTA V.
[ftl: faster than light, fieldrunners, pick up]	I'm a college senior with a fairly busy schedule. I'm looking for a game to play when I do have a little bit of free time, normally in the evening. I prefer games which require plenty of critical thinking such as RTS and physics games. And also RPG's to a lesser extent. I'm a casual gamer, so I'd probably like a game more if it didn't take an hour to finish a level, mission, etc. A game that has a slower pace would be good. As much as I enjoy the empire-building aspect of real time strategy games, I don't like how I'm usually pressed for time. I have a Windows 7 laptop and an Android.
[vampire: the masquerade - bloodlines, star trek, star trek]	I have a lot of PC RPGs and have played loads but I'm really looking for a good single player/online RPG game! Preferably fairly recent, i prefer 3D RPGs to 2D also!  I have played (and loved)  * Diablo 2 + 3  * Skyrim * Oblivion * Divinity 2 * Torchlight + TL2 * WoW (back in the day!) * Neverwinter * Borderlands + B2 * Path of Exile * Eve Online * Titan Quest * Guildwars and Guildwars 2  EDIT: Also played (reminded)  * Dragon Age All * All Fallouts * Witcher 1 but not the sequals * All Mass Effects  Those are the only ones that spring from memory! I really like the hack and slash style RPG's but those are hard to come by and as D2 was the first online game I ever played I often find it hard to love other styles that don't hit the mark on that one! I really like good character building too!
[the world ends with you, paranautical activity, the binding of isaac, kingdom hearts, rogue legacy, star force, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, spelunky]	I am the first to admit I am a casual gamer. I long JRPG's with very long stories, however because I don't get many hours in a week to play I can easily get lost and forget where I have been and where I am meant to go.    I played Persona 3 last year and it became my favourite game. I loved how I could go two months without playing and just pick it straight back up. I have Persona 4 Golden but haven't finished it yet.    Any ideas of other games I might enjoy? Doesn't have to be Japanese, just has to to be very approachable and preferably quite linear.    
[prince of persia]	I'm looking for some games with romance.  I know in a lot of games sometimes there are sort of hints between characters and nothing happens.  I'm looking for something a bit more than that, with a relationship actually being developed.  I'm open to pretty much all systems except 3ds and Vita, since I don't have them yet.  Games I already know about:  Visual novels  Bioware games  Final Fantasy games  Metal Gear solid series  Max Payne 2  Persona games  Catherine  The Witcher series  Heavy Rain  Uncharted   Alpha Protocol  Any other suggestions?  Thanks.
[katamari forever, heavy rain, portal 2, sotc, ico ]	So ive been playing gta v lately; no joke, its an amazing game and deserves the attention its been given. unfortunately, i only game on the weekends as im currently a high school student who cant afford to game on weekdays. this makes it difficult for me to experience gta v to the fullest considering the limited amount of time i have (considering that i have the temptation to upgrade their stats first which doesnt help the cause at all and makes the game a chore). though im not going to buy another game for about another month or two (whether it be old or new), i suppose id best next purchase a game that i can actually feel as if im progressing through. any suggestions for ps3?   PS: Ive played the last two uncharted games and TLOS.   EDIT #1: I'm looking mainly into action-adventure games, considering that they typically consist of the shorter games, excluding the open-world subcategory which I am not really interested in after playing games like GTA V, Far Cry 3, and AC3. I'd prefer to stay away from stealth games, since I'm not that fond of them. Are there any other unique choices out there? I seem to have a slight bias with this category, especially since most of them just seem like TPS, which I've grown weary of after playing the Uncharted games. Indies, perhaps?
[fallout: new vegas]	I've been thinking about one of my personal favorites, Freelancer, a lot recently and I was wondering if there are any other games that do the whole faction aspect of the game well.  I really like how there were so many factions and each had their own backstory, bases, and territories in space you should visit if they liked you.  The missions for each faction were generally the same, go kill this dude, kill this dude and get some cargo, etc but that allowed for tons of replay.  And it was cool how your standing in various factions affected your standing in others and how you could change that as much as you wanted by killing the right people.  Siding with Bretonian terrorists to smuggle blood diamonds into Rhineland was fun.  I'm *not* looking for something like Morrorowind where factions are just sidequests to get better loot and gear.  I'm looking for a game where factions control where I can go without getting attacked.  The more the merrier.  I'm looking for something on PC with really low specs, so older games are probably better.  But any suggestions on any platform are good, I'll keep them in mind for later. 
[suikoden]	In the past I've absolutely loved games like this. To list the ones I've played and love:   Mass Effect Trilogy  Fire Emblem Awakenings (and the precursors via GBA)  Persona 3 and 4  XCOM: EU  Final Fantasy Tactics/AT/A2  Final Fantasy 6 (I guess a lot of the Final Fantasies in general)  Chrono Trigger/Cross  Dragon's Dogma  Valkyria Chronicles 1/2/3  Disgaea (entire series)  As you can see, the list is quite long, so at this point I'm afraid I've played most of what is out there, and I can't find any more to play. Does anyone have any suggestions on what is out there? (Preferably for the PC/PS3, or handhelds I can emulate) 
[payday 2]	I recently been playing GTA 5 and I played the first heist mission. I really love the gameplay of it (i took the stealth approach). It was very light, it didn't get much into deep mechanics like other games such as Payday but... I enjoyed it more. Even though you can choose a steather approach in Payday, it's still very orientated with using guns which I don't like. What are some heist games that are similar to GTA 5 type of heists?   Some Concept if you aren't familar with the heist mechanics in GTA  -you hire a crew with different skills  -you give them % of your payout
[torchlight 2, diablo 2, pick up]	I've been revisiting Torchlight II for the last couple of days because I needed something to play that I didn't really need to focus on. I play on the casual difficulty so I don't have to focus, and I enjoy being able to sit down for fifteen minutes or hours and hours and just bash my way through the dungeons. I saw that GW2 is on sale now, and I'm trying to decide whether or not I should pick it up.    I played Runescape for a few months when it was new, and I liked the fact that it was a big, busy world to explore without needing to interact with other players. I love the concept of MMORPGs, but when it comes to playing them I tend to prefer to treat them like a single player game with lots of NPCs - I'm shy.    I tried WoW once and didn't care for it. I can't really put my finger on what I didn't like, but it's not a game I want to try again.    I've heard of other games like Path of Exile, Diablo, etc., but I don't really know anything about them. Would you suggest picking up GW2, looking into either returning to Runescape, or trying out a different game of a similar sort? 
[cookie clicker, progress quest, a dark room, candy box]	I'm on this huge documentary binge and I'm loving it... Buuuut I'm the kind of person that if I don't interact with something or do something for a long period of time, I will go insane.  I've been mindlessly playing games like Cookie Clicker (I'm so sorry if you just found this out, prepare to be addicted.) and I found that it really helped me. Is there any game I can sit back and just play mindlessly?  More help:  Can be Browser/Steam game  No console game, please  The genre can be anything  Setting can be Fantasy/Sci-Fi/Anything  Don't put Minecraft/Terraria. I already tried those, but that requires too much of my attention  Can be RPG (Preferred, actually.)  Thanks!
[bioshock infinite]	I am doing my thesis project on reciprocity and video games, and cant seem to find a certain type of game. The person playing the game needs to be helped by the npc, preferably not just given a suggestion or tip, but a generous amount of help. The video game cannot be violent though. Does anyone know of any games featuring an event like this? The participant would only be playing for 10 minutes, so it can be one event inside a game. Thanks for the help!  Edit: Hey guys thanks for all the suggestions!!! Sorry its taken me so long to respond, been caught up in all this thesis stuff haha. So if I may clarify, I am looking for a game in which you a npc helps you in such a way thank you feel thankful to that npc. It needs to be a strong feeling, not just "oh he gave me a sword, how nice!". I have been looking into a bunch of the games suggested and there are a few that are possibilities. Also, violence is not as much of a factor now, as I have found it is pretty hard to find a nonviolent game that meets this criteria. So if its violent, so be it. If these help clear things up for anyone, and you have more suggestions, let me hear 'em!!! Thanks again everyone.
[rogue legacy, my friends]	I often like to take 5-6 minute breaks while studying to keep sane and my mind focused. I would like to play a game, preferably in browser (although other methods on a computer will be satisfactory) which   * provides many different methods of interactions  * will only keep my attention momentarily allowing me to return to the task at hand.  * and has replay value or is savable for the long term.   One example which I found to work is &gt; [Candy Box!](http://   Are there any similar games like this?
[amnesia: a machine for pigs, eternal darkness, gamecube]	I've recently been reading through Broodhollow by Kris Straub, and suffering from tabletop rpg withdrawal, and so I'm going through a roguelike and roguelike-like kick. I bought Eldritch, today, and that's got me curious for other games touching on the Cthulhu Mythos, creepypasta-type fear of the unknown, or really just any absurdist or psychologically jarring gaming experience. Brownie points for recommendations of indie titles and titles friendly to low-end/laptop gaming. Still learning my way around Reddit, so any advice on further posting/editing this to conform more appropriately to the subreddit would be appreciated.
[dark chronicle]	Hey /r/gamingsuggestions I was wondering if you guys know of any game where you can build a town, upgrade buildings, get different villagers in there and so on. I'm not thinking about a strategy or a civ game, but something more along the lines of an RPG where you can build a town. I've came across this while playing Xenoblade and rebuilding Colony 9 and i absolutely LOVED getting different buildings, upgrading them, expanding the city and trying to find people to populate it. Any suggestions would be fantastic, as long as the game isn't TOO dated, everything from the PS1 era to modern games is fine. Thanks!  EDIT: My avaliable platforms are: PS1, PS2, PC, PS3, NDS, GBA, Wii
[a dark room]	Original post: http://  So I have been and avid gamer since I can remember. From playing Wolfenstein on my parents' first computer, to rocking Diablo, and being super excited to get Diablo 2, moved to add console games about the same time. Been gaming every day I get some spare time. Up until recently, I have been able to spend hours some nights, pwning away behind the glow of the monitor. Now. I've been having headaches and feels like my eyes are starting to strain a bit when I play for a little longer. One of my friends suggested I look into gaming glasses... Gunnar optiks in particular. They are supposedly designed to help reduce glare/reflections, and add an eye muscle relaxing yellowish tint. There is another brand out there that I heard of, but can't remember the name at the moment. Now, while I would love to get a pair, and go back to gaming, they are about double the price of what I could afford. My main concern, should I even be able to save that kind of money, is are they worth it? Does anyone here use gunnars or any other type of non-RX computer/gaming lenses? How well have they worked for you? I just want to get back to the digital world I love so much, without hurting my eyes or getting headaches. And I know the 20-20-20 rule and try to follow it, but I want to look into other options to help. Thank you all so much for stopping by. Have a great gaming day! TL;DR: Do computer/gaming glasses work? How well?  if anyone happens to know if they go on sale for closer to $40 instead of 80-120, or other brands to look into, I would greatly appreciate it!
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r., s.t.a.l.k.e.r., out there, apoc]	The main thing I like about the games is that the worlds are huge, yet dense with interesting things to see. And also mainly, I like the character advancement choices. I like to think of them as perks.  One thing I'm not in love with in Fallout is the way heads and legs can be blown off with a 9mm. I forgive that, because Fallout is intended to be tongue in cheek, I suppose. But I prefer a bit more realism.  In Skyrim, one of my complaints is the enemy AI. *Shot with arrow* Hm... I must be hearing things.  And finally, I always play a stealthy character in these, so stealth should be decent in my next game. 
[minecraft, xbox]	Between us we have a 360 and a Wii. So will need to buy one more, but can't afford to buy both.   Oh we both have access to ipads, could we play co-op online with those?  I want co-op (not vs) online games (we live 100+ miles apart) that I can play with my nephew once or twice a week for maybe 2-4 hours each session. Not FPS or bloody.   What games can you recommend for the hardware we've got? Based on the games should I get another xbox or Wii?  Kinda miss the little dude. Any help to get more time chilling together would be really appreciated. 
[fallout: new vegas, fallout: new vegas, fallout new vegas, trials evolution, assassins creed, assassins creed, borderlands 2, borderlands 2, battlefield 3, saints row 3, halo wars , all games, minecraft, minecraft, gta, vs.]	Needless to say, I'm very excited. This is going to be a big post, So tl;dr  mainly I want 3-5+ games. Inexpensive but great games from the past 3-4 years, and I'm making a comprehensive list that you can check to see if its something I have, had before, or am considering already. Original suggestions are what I'm after too! I don't know everything that I've missed! It'd be great to get feedback on the games I've listed, too.  I have some games already, but I'm needing some new stuff to play. Quality and low price being prevalent. I had a 360 a couple years ago, bought another in December, and I've had it packed up since February- just to give some context.  I've basically missed out on the past 3-4 years of new games. So there should be a ton of really fun games I could get, that have price dropped significantly since release. Skyrim is a must, and I believe I'll definitely be getting it at the $20 I see it at. Lost Odyssey is also highly likely to be bought. Oh, and I want Minecraft for the 360.  I'm a fan of music games, too, but I don't have a guitar/drums/mic anymore. I love adventure/sandbox games- things like Katamari and the like. RPG's, FPS games, platformers. I really love video gaming and I'm *so* pumped to get back into it!   I'm mostly seeking 3-5 games, but willing to splurge on at least one priced at 20-30 bucks if its good. Something intensive and active, a casual and light fun game to unwind/enjoy (Like a sandbox game with high replay value  Minecraft), a series of 2-3 games to complete, and really anything with high replay value or a great experience. A really cool game with vehicles would be awesome.      Games I own already: ---- Armored Core V  Final Fantasy XIII  Halo 3 + Multiplayer Disc  Halo 4  Halo ODST  Halo Reach  The Walking Dead part 1  Tom Clancy: Endwar  Unreal Tournament III       I have owned, played (Most of these a good bit), but never finished (As best as I remember...) ---- Army of 2- The first game - Finished  Assassin's Creed 1/2  Dead Space 1  Dragon Age  EA Sports: MMA (loved this game)  Fable 2 (Finished)  Fallout 3  GTA IV (Borrowed, played on Ps3, almost finished it)  Guitar Hero 1/2/3/World Tour/Rocks of the 80's/Aerosmith/Metallica (Beat them all/played extensively)  Lost Odyssey  Magna Carta (Friend stole it)  Mass Effect 1/2- Finished both  Oblivion+ Expansions  Red Dead Redemption - Finished  Soul Calibur III  Tales of Vesperia       Games I am considering getting/have never played ----  Assassin's Creed series  Army of Two series  Bastion   ~~Battlefield Bad Company~~ Battlefield Series (3, not 4. thanks /u/DinoTubz)  ~~Batman- Arkham Asylum~~ Batman- Arkham City  Bayonetta  Bioshock series  Bulletstorm  Blitz: The League series (Love those rough sports games)  Blue Dragon   Borderlands 1 (Beat, but would replay)  Borderlands 2  Crysis series  Dante's Inferno   Darksiders  Dark Souls/Dark Souls 2?  Dead Island  Dead Rising 1/2   Dead Space series  Deus Ex Human Revolution  Devil May Cry series  Dragon Age  Enchanted Arms  Eternal Sonata  ~~Fable III~~  Fallout 3 GOTY  ~~Fallout New Vegas~~   series  From Dust  Game of Thrones  ~~Gears of War 1~~  Gears of War (series)  Grand Theft Auto IV/V  Halo: Combat Evolved (Played the original Xbox version a ton, but I love Halo)  Halo Wars  Hitman series  Kane &amp; Lynch series  Katamari  LA Noire  Left 4 Dead 2 (Played 1, but always at a friend's house so may play both for achievement purposes.   Lost Planet Series  Lost Odyssey  Magna Carta 1/2  Mass Effect 3  Minecraft 360 Edition  Mirror's Edge  Mortal Kombat (Any of the newer ones after I think it was Armageddon)  Nier  Ninja Gaiden Series (Played the first one on the original xbox, demo of SIGMA, and loved it.)  Oblivion (To finally finish the damn thing)  Portal/Portal 2  Resident Evil series (Beat 5 and 4, and ZERO- never played the others)  Resonance of Fate  Saint's Row series  Silent Hill series  Skullgirls  Skyrim + Expansions  Soul Calibur IV  Soul Calibur V  Star Ocean  Star Wars Force Unleashed 1/2  Super Street Fighter IV  ~~Tales of Vesperia~~  The Walking Dead series  The Witcher/The Witcher 2 
[rogue legacy, torchlight 2, ys: origin]	Hi all,  I've searched this subreddit and general google searches but not sure if such a game exists.    I'm looking for an offline single player game where I can level up or work towards a goal in short game sessions. I need to be able to pause/save the game too (very important when kids go from watching TV one minute to jumping into my lap the next)   This lends itself to a grinding type of game, and that's okay with me. Games I have played:  * Diablo 2 : LoD - in SP mode: I managed to complete all the Acts and after that just ran Pindle or Meph quickly to work towards level 99 as well as collect uniques/sets. It's great I can come back to this game after several months, and not worry about my characters disappearing etc.  * Dungeon Defenders - although I played the online mode, it was nice to work towards the higher levels although there's a limit since the harder difficulties required multiple characters (squire, monk) to progress.  * Borderlands - another great game (only played the base). But after completing the game, collecting guns only didn't work towards a goal. Also, I don't want to play too violent games with young kids around.  * Diablo 3 - Not as good an example, but it was fun to do the short loot routes that took a few minutes. I could make progress towards the next paragon level, but not gear since gear upgrades come from the AH (until Loot  is live next year... we'll see then)  * Space Rangers 2 - awesome game. Lots to do, and since it was turn based, I could take my time. I didn't like the presence of Dominators that put a cap on the game. I could do missions and other stuff to improve my ship etc.  * World of Tanks - my current go-to game since I play my T49 for the x2 bonus, and if I have extra time, some other tanks for progress. But it's online only and I'm looking for an offline replacement.  * Gunpoint - fun indie game, but short. Didn't seem like there was any goals to work towards.   Games I thought I'd like but didn't: Mass Effect series, Dragon Age, Skyrim. Those look great but takes a lot of time. I don't like controlling a party of characters, just 1 character or 1 unit (like WoT). I also tried Bastion, but didn't like the controls. Also don't like retro type graphics, or JRPGs.    One game I'm eyeing is Kingdom of Amalur on Steam (not Origin) - if the price goes down. Maybe after the November auction. We'll see if the new owner is willing to do a Steam sale / price drop.   Edit: I only have a PC right now, but might consider a 3DS or handheld if the game is that awesome.   Any suggestions would be very welcomed, and thanks in advance!
[red dead redemption]	Hey guys, I have a few weeks free and would like some suggestions on what game to play next.  I am a relatively new gamer, so it doesn't much matter how new it is, as long as it's on the ps3.  I've listed the games I've played below (and how I'd rate them out of 10).  Sorry for not giving too many details on what I'm looking for; I'm relatively open to any type of game, as long as it isn't too gory and doesn't have zombies.  Violence is fine, but I don't need to pull someone's intestines out.  Anyway...  Below is my list and my ratings.  I'd be happy to explain further why I liked certain games if you're curious.  Thank you so much for any suggestions!  I really appreciate it.  Deus Ex: Human Revolution - 7/10  ICO - 4/10  Journey - 10/10  Mass Effect - 7/10  Mass Effect 2 - 9/10  Mass effect 3 - 10/10  Portal - 6/10  Shadow of the Colossus - 8/10  Star Wars: The Force Unleashed - 6/10  Uncharted - 5/10
[dragon's dogma, dark souls, vs.]	So I'm picking up a couple new games today (for PS3), and haven't quite decided which medieval/fantasy RPG to get: Dragon Age: Origins, Skyrim, or Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning.  I love the Mass Effect series, so I hope that Dragon Age will have a good story and a high emphasis on choice.  However I have heard the combat is less than inspired, and the graphics are a bit sub-par.    Skyrim looks beautiful, and gets high praise pretty much everywhere, but I heard the combat system is pretty poor.    Kingdoms of Amalur gets high praise on the content and combat system, but I've heard it is repetitive and has an uninteresting story...  So...  Which of those would you suggest?  Or, if I am missing a good one, which is it?  **EDIT** Thank you!  After much deliberation, I just ordered Skyrim.  I will still check out DA:O, but will save it for the future.
[assassin's creed 2, far cry]	I don't mind missing small side stories and such, but i'd like to be able to follow the relationships between characters, as much as possible but without having to buy a lot of games with outdated mechanics; also please warn me about any games in each series I should skip:   Assasin's Creed   Batman Arkham   Mass Effect   Bioshock   Farcry   Infamous   Crysis   Metal Slug or gear, not sure which one has snake in it.   Dead Space   Beyond (I think it only has two games.)    I have a PS3 &amp; a PS2 but I prefer buying on PSN.
[mark of the ninja, metal gear solid]	I've always loved sneaking/stealth based games and 90% of the time in RPG games (Oblivion, Skyrim) I will create a thief/assassin type character. I've also been sneaking around in Far Cry 3 with a silencer. But these games aren't really 'hardcore' enough or punishing. I love FC3 and the fact that it lets you take on a mission anyway you like. Are there any games that are primarily stealth/sneak based? Or games that let you take on this role, and do it well? Time period doesn't matter (I'll happily use knives or guns).   I play on pc. Graphics aren't really an issue. As long as the gameplay is there I'm happy!  Thanks in advance!
[dark messiah]	I've gotten bored of what I have, but don't know enough about other fantasy RPGs to make a good decision about what to get. Divinity, Gothic, and Risen seem to be the closest things I can find to what I might be interested in, but I would like to hear opinions on them and other games. I'd like an action RPG, I'm not a fan of isometric games like DA:O, and despise turn-based games. Here's my rundown:  * LOVE Dark Souls for difficulty and combat * LOVE Witcher 1/2 for combat, story, graphics * LIKE Skyrim for lore, openness * DID NOT LIKE Darksiders - couldn't give you a specific reason though * DID NOT LIKE Dragon Age Origins - can't stand the combat system   Would love suggestions!
[dungeon crawl]	I'm looking for RPGs which hide the properties of magical items until identified, but which allow you to equip them without identifying them first.  Ideally identifying an item would be moderately pricey to encourage the player to risk wearing an item which could be cursed.  Cursed items could be anything from simple stat debuffs to aesthetic changes to nearly killing your character.  Cursed items would be costly to remove, and may potentially leave a permanent scar even after removed.  It would be nice if the game had random loot generation, but that's not absolutely necessary.  I've played Baldur's Gate, and it had a system pretty close to what I'm looking for, but after playing it a few times you learn what all the cursed items are (not that there were all that many to begin with anyways).
[out there]	I love(d) Spore! The idea of being able to create a tiny creature, and evolve it troughout history seemed amazing, and so I loved it!  Then I played it some more, and realised how terribly dull, and simple, everything was. I kinda stopped playing it.  However, the idea still intrigues me... a lot! Still, we're a few years past all of that, and I still cannot find a decent game with the same concept as Spore.  Checked out various sites: ( http:// ), but all of those games were dead and now I'm desperate.  Can anyone help me?  **TL;DR: Spore could have been a great game with a great concept - Yet, EA... Is there a better game with the same concept out there?**   
[timber and stone, prison architect, dungeon keeper, dwarf fortress, evil genius, out there, rimworld, rimworld]	Examples: Dungeon Keeper, Evil Genius, Stronghold Series (Third one sucked). There's a game in early access on steam called War for the Overworld that looks really promising but I'm not buying a half finished game - that's ridiculous imho. Can anyone think of anything else along those lines that might be worth my time? I really just want a version of the Sims where I can occasionally fight someone. :P Thanks guys.   Edit: Also, not Minecraft. I know I can build things in there and sometimes creepers will wander over but I'm really looking for something more focused - something with goals and a clear-cut ending etc.
[dungeon keeper, startopia]	Something I love about Company of Heroes is that it feels like there are real people taking cover behind real trees and in real houses. It's almost like I'm watching a little set of toys battle out.  I'm looking for another game (strategy, builder, or other top-down management game) that feels like I'm playing in a real world.  Other games that capture this in a sense:  * Tropico, the citizens seem like real people with needs and desires * Sim City 4, specifically the transit and capitalist simulation feels like I'm actually building a city of people * Dwarf Fortress, the depth and complexity of the world * Supreme Commander, the scale from human-sized to gigantic superweapons
[stardew valley ]	I'm really in the mood for a new harvest moon game, but it's been yeaaars since I bought one and so many new ones are out.   HM64, and FoMT are my favourites. The newest one I played and enjoyed was HMDS which I eventually sold because of it's game-breaking save glitch. For spin-offs, I really liked Rune Factory 2.  I recently bought ToTT and hate it's guts. It's so slow, tedious and unfufilling.   Are there any New-ish (64 and after) HM games that fufill the following?:  * I can raise a *bunch* of animals and crops (without being restricted to one or the other ^^^fucking ^^^ToTT ),  * The townspeople are interesting/have developed personalities (FoMT was good for this)  * Really in depth mining like HMDS and FoMT  * I like having a huge field/farmland (like FoMT or HMDS) that I can build the way I want to  * I like actually participating in festivals and not just sitting there watching ^^^*fucking*. ^^^*ToTT*  * The game has both short-term, long-term, story-based and optional challenges. EX HM 64, you had to fix your farm by year 3, it was story necessary or else game over. in FoMT, there was no story goal, but there was a billion things you could do and it was basically endless; I played it so many times and still don't have it 100%. I really liked the Harvest Sprite collection in HMDS.    I was currently looking at A New Beginning for the 3DS,  Magical Melody for the Gamecube, Rune Factory 4 for the 3DS, or even Animal Crossing: New Leaf. Which one of these fit my tastes best? or are there even better ones I could try? I also wouldn't mind spin-offs or "Harvest moon *like*" suggestions, for example I liked Recettear
[europa universalis, crusader kings ii, strategy games, roman empire, victoria ii, victoria ii, to the top]	Don't worry, I'm not saying that Civilization is a bad game! Because it's obviously not, and I can totally understand why people love it. But, I don't. Like, going to war isn't fun to me. Too complicated and I suck at it. Dealing with all those other peoples crap is annoying.... And I realized recently that every time I've tried to play it, I always stop once I can't build any more cities. Like when there's no more room left on the map.  So, I guess that's what I'm looking for. I just like expanding my empire. War and stuff isn't really my thing. I just like seeing my little border get bigger and bigger when I go and settle more cities.  Is there a game out there that's all about this?  I was thinking about something like Sim City, but that's not really what I'm looking for. You just build cities, and it's too complicated. I just like expanding borders. I dunno, I think it's fun.   I realize that this is a weird request and that there are probably no games out there that I'd like... But hey, you never know! 
[company of heroes 2 , world in conflict, league of legends, the walking dead, team fortress 2, counter strike, another world, left 4 dead 2, guild wars 2, bulletstorm, world games, minecraft, minecraft, starcraft, starcraft, clear out, crysis 3, portal 2, bioshock, diablo 3, deus ex, dota 2, civ, civ]	I have a powerful computer now. So I can play whatever I want.   Can you recommend me some good games? Doesn't matter what genre, as long as the game is fun.  Can be both story games, or just jerk around games.   Recommend me games from 2010 and later.    At the moment im playing BF4 Beta/Mount and Blade Warband for multiplayer, Skyrim with mods for singleplayer and Borderlands 2 for Co-op and Outlast (scary as hell) with a friend :) My next co-op game will be Saints Row 4 I have completed:  Metro 2033 &amp; Last Light  Bioshock Infinite  Tomb Raider  Grid 2  The Witcher 2  Far Cry 3
[no more heroes: heroes' paradise, earth defense force, the wonderful 101, anarchy reigns, dragon's crown, skullgirls, metal gear, metal gear, bayonetta, bayonetta, madworld]	I'm looking for a more modern game similar to Viewtiful Joe or Godhand. I enjoy the ridiculous style, but I won't be sad if a game with similar gameplay to either one doesn't have the same style. I'm also open to suggestions for games with a similar style, but different (and hopefully good) gameplay.  I really liked the fact that each of these games went out and tried to do something slightly unique, even within their gameplay.   I have a ps3, ps2, wii and a mediocre PC. Any suggestion is welcome, but try to include why you think I'd like the game.
[castle crashers, speedrunners, mario kart]	Hey!  So we've been browsing for some 4 player games (preferably local LAN co-op) and we've had some success.  -We all liked Hammerwatch and Payday 2 (although both of those got old kinda fast)  -Three of us liked Bloody Cat Land  -Two of us liked Mercenary Kings  -None of us want Left 4 Dead  What we're looking for: a fun four-player co-op experience OR a game 4 people can play together and have fun with.  Any suggestions?  *EDIT* We're looking for something tactical with some shooter elements primarily, but, of course, we'd like to get some other ideas too.
[xbox fitness]	Currently I have about $250 down on a PS4 at a gamestop, I'm looking to see which one is worth the money, specs wise. I also have played PS3 and Xbox 360 and I don't favor either of them. I feel they are equally good. PC is out of my discussion because I currently own a Mac and don't feel the need to spend the same amount of money on a new computer. This MacBook Pro Retina with 8GB of RAM can handle multiplatformers (Borderlands 2, Team Fortress 2, Portal 2, etc.) on the highest graphics setting. But on to the real discussion PS4 or Xbox One?
[original war*, original war*, timeline]	Everyone and their grandmother suggests cult games like the Mother Series. There's always money in the Elder Scrolls Stand. Even occasionally someone will remark on the masterpiece that is Cave Story. I want to hear the legitimately Obscure titles that you feel are absolutely worth their salt. Even if they are a few years out of print.   My suggestion: [Terranigma](http://  A game that not only broke some barriers in storytelling, but wasn't afraid to face you with a friend giving their life to help you survive. You are tasked, inadvertently with progressing the Earth through numerous eras. From the time of Animals, to the modern Industrial period. You watch not only as the world advances around you, but how your character looses his innocence in a developing world. A highly thought provoking game that doesn't often make it to the list of "Best Games on the SNES".  So what games are out there that you wish got more attention?
[chivalry: medieval warfare]	A few years ago I played a game called S4 Leage, and while it was plagued with balance issues, hackers, and had a pay-to-win business model, I still found myself enjoying the "swords only" games a lot. There was a pretty high skill ceilign because of a variety of possible walljumps and the different weapons. Extreme pay-to-win developments drove me away, but since then I have missed that kind of action-filled melee combat. I woudl be really grateful if anyone could point me to something similar.  TL;DR: Looking for game with melee combat like S4League sword matches, but without pay-to-win.
[kerbal space program]	Hey, I was just looking for a technical kind of game to play and can't seem to find a good list of them anywhere. I used to play a lot of [Tekkit](http:// (now usually known as [Feed The Beast](http://, a modpack for Minecraft that added electricity, elements, fusion rectors, geothermal energy, generators and machines, and related things.  I got a bit sick of it after playing it for about 1000+ hours one summer so now I am looking for a new game to check out. I have heard [Terraria](http:// also has a bit of a technical side to it, but I can't seem to find out anywhere how in-depth it goes.  This is my last resort, after having rephrased what I am looking for in Google about 20 times I still can't find anything. Hopefully some of you guys can turn up some results for me.
[dark souls]	Hey guys, i'm not one of the people that prefers the hardcore part of the RPG games and i'm mostly interested in a good and developed main story and having a great lore is a bonus  I like games where solving side quests adds to the world immersion, for example like in Morrowind where you learned a lot about the island itself and it's religion and politics through the side quests and even though the main story was short, it was interconnected with everything you did on the island and felt much longer  Games i think are good examples of this and that i have already played   Elder scrolls series  Divinity series  Witcher 1 and 2  Gothic series(didnt play last one and i don't intend to)  Combat and leveling doesn't have to be perfect for me to keep interested, for example, Divinity 2 had fairly boring combat but the quests were so interesting with tons of references and interconneted with main story so well that i kept interest all the game.  I don't like tactical rpg's where i have to spend a lot of time thinking about combat and worrying if i don't have the best set of armour or i didn't plan my skilpath all too well     
[alien invasion, xenonauts, sci-fi, kotor]	I'd like PC games similar to WL2 (Wasteland 2). The obvious ones are WL1, FO1 ou FO2, so don't name those.  What do I want? The party based game and post-apo setting are optional, but I want : turn-based (isometric, if possible) RPG, big map to explore with a certain level of free-roaming (open world), interesting storyline + sidequests if possible.   I've been tempted by Shadowrun Returns, which seems to be the closest game (in terms of gameplay) to what WL2 will look like. Should I buy it?  Games you shall not suggest :  - Wasteland 1 - Planescape : Torment (already planned) - Fallout 1/2/T/3/NV (done already) - Dragon Age series (I really dislike the way combat is handled) - Mass Effect series (done already) - Any turn-based RPG like the FF series where the combat is done in a different environment of the game  Thank you!
[wargame: european escalation, men of war: assault squad, bioshock infinite, shadow warrior , borderlands 2, strategy one, action games, out there, deus ex]	I have two and a half criteria for this.   * I want a challenging game. Something which requires thought, tactics, and strategy, versus the run-'n-gun-testosterone-fueled-super-soldier-shooter type game that seems so common out there. * I want it to be designed with a keyboard and mouse in mind. I own a controller (bought it for racing games), but I *hate* using it for shooters/RPGs/etc. I'm one of the seemingly few people who didn't own a console growing up, so a controller is a foreign object in my hands. * Horror games aren't my bag. I'm flexible on this one, if the above two are good enough, but I'd much rather have an adventure than crawl through dark tunnels fighting zombies and mutants or whatever.  "Medieval" is a plus, but not a requirement. As is length, the longer the better.  Some recent examples:  Deus Ex: HR, great story, great immersion, good fighting, good enough character customization, but on the easy side.  Dishonored, good story, fun gameplay, mediocre character development, but even on the hardest setting and without cheesing the mechanics it was *way* too easy. &lt;--This is a good example of acceptable controller design, it was obvious it was designed with a controller in mind, but it played well enough with a keyboard and mouse.  Tomb Raider, lots of fun, good combat, but again too easy even on the hardest setting.  I was looking at Dark Souls because people said it was challenging, but it looks like it has that horror vibe, and from everything I've read it's *very* controller centric.  Any other suggestions out there?
[shadowrun returns]	I love games such as Crusader Kings, Civilization, Mount &amp; Blade, Fallout, Football Manger 2012... Unfortunately many of them run veeery slowly in my poor machine. And no, I can't upgrade it.    &gt; Processor AMD C-50 Processor &gt;  &gt; Manufacturer AMD &gt;  &gt; Speed  GHz &gt;  &gt; Number of Cores 2 &gt;  &gt; CPU ID 178BFBFF00500F10 &gt;  &gt; Family 14 &gt;  &gt; Model 01 &gt;  &gt; Stepping 0 &gt;  &gt; Revision  &gt;  &gt; Video Card AMD Radeon HD 6250 Graphics &gt;  &gt; Manufacturer ATI &gt;  &gt; Chipset AMD Radeon HD 6250 Graphics &gt;  &gt; Dedicated Memory 256 MB &gt;  &gt; Total Memory  GB &gt;  &gt; Pixel Shader Version  &gt;  &gt; Vertex Shader Version  &gt;  &gt; Hardware T &amp; L Yes &gt;  &gt; Vendor ID 1002 &gt;  &gt; Device ID 9804 &gt;  &gt; Plug and Play ID VEN_1002&amp;DEV_9804&amp;SUBSYS_06021025&amp;REV_00 &gt;  &gt; Driver Version  &gt;  &gt; Memory  GB &gt;  &gt; Operating System  Win 7 32bits &gt;  &gt; Version  &gt;  &gt; Locale 0809 &gt;  &gt; BIOS InsydeH2O Version  &gt;  &gt; Version eMachines  &gt;  &gt; Manufacturer eMachines
[distant worlds]	So, lately, I've been trying to get into civilization. I tried both freeciv and civilization IV, and I just couldn't get into it. It took me a while to figure out what I didn't like about it, but it mostly has to do with the fact nothing goes on unless you say it does. I love how in Dwarf Fortress your dwarves are always running around, talking, accomplishing, or sometimes even building without you having to do anything to make it really happen. Is there any game like Civilization or a different 4x style game that has tons of stuff going on to watch? They can be in any time period, but I would like it to go through time, or at least make it to a futuristic era.
[stardew valley , dwarf fortress, tropico 4, openttd]	There was a time when I would spend hours just going crazy with fortifications in Tiberian Sun. I've played Dwarf Fortress and Minecraft and OpenTTD and SimCity and a handful of other games more than is probably healthy.  I want something different that I haven't played before and that my laptop with overheating problems can handle. I'm more concerned about novelty than graphics or interface or age or anything. (Though I do have a soft spot for isometric graphics.)  I usually prefer games in which you play a character - like Harvest Moon - to ones where you're an omnipresent commander. I like it most when there's minimal threat from opponents or hazards, if there are any, so that the focus is on progressing, thinking up more and more creative ways of building things up.  Thanks!
[mass effect]	I recently read [an article](http:// that talked about why you shouldn't play games with multiple paths or multiple choices more than once. Give it a read, it's actually pretty well-written and not terribly long.  The writer's point was that if you play games like *Beyond: Two Souls* and other such games multiple times, you change the way that you'll remember the story happening. It wouldn't be the story you made happen anymore. I thought they had a good point.  The choices you make in games give you a different story based on those choices, and as such, you get your own version of the game's story. You get a unique experience because of what you decide.  The article is focused on *Beyond: Two Souls* and *Mass Effect 2*, so I'd like to know what are some other games in that style you guys would recommend? Which games allow you to make your own story out of the "big picture" story?
[diablo]	She really wants to get into the harder games, but she can't handle the pace of most of them, or the control nuances. She also gets lost with a gamepad.   Her only experience are old Sonic games and Tekken. Whenever she comes over, she wants to play some games with me but always ends up frustrated with the controls and not having any fun at all.   I'm thinking maybe some old games (including emulated console games) could be helpful for her learn gaming, but I was looking at a list earlier/reminiscing, and old games are also quite hard.
[pulsar: lost colony]	I've been reading some great scifi lately, and it makes me want to command my own starship. Not be a pilot or an admiral, a captain -- I want to manage a crew, build a ship, and tell my people *where* to go and *what* to shoot, not play Starcraft or, worse, Top Gun in space.   Games with hints of what I'd like:  FTL: Close, but low-res, simple, and small-scale  EV Nova: Probably closest, but 2d and very old  Silent Hunter series: give me this but in space  Jupiter Incident: very close to what I'm after    *Hard Mode:* suggest a game released in the last six years.
[weird worlds: return to infinite space, sword of the stars: the pit, ancient domains of mystery, crypt of the necrodancer, paranautical activity, the binding of isaac, the binding of isaac, the binding of isaac, the binding of isaac, castle of the winds, dungeons of dredmor, dungeons of dredmor, legend of dungeon, desktop dungeons, desktop dungeons, cargo commander, rogue survivor, dungeon keeper, dwarf fortress, dwarf fortress, dwarf fortress, cardinal quest, cardinal quest, tower of guns, dungeon crawl, dungeon crawl, probability 0, unreal world, unreal world, rogue legacy, rogue legacy, risk of rain, risk of rain, ultima ratio, spelunky hd, citybuilder, dark souls, teleglitch, teleglitch, teleglitch, this game, anno 1404, out there, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, smash tv, angband, wazhack, wazhack, pick up, nethack, nethack, nethack, nethack, nethack, doomrl, doomrl, sci-fi, sci-fi, c-wars, c-wars, derek, derek, xbox, xbox, zaga, zaga, adom, adom, adom, gta, ddr]	Hey! First time posting here and I've been looking around on GOG and steam but I haven't found anything that I'm 100% on purchasing at the moment. So. I'm looking for an RPG or roguelike with a good item drop system. I'm addicted to the things and they really add something for me. Back in the day I loved Ultima Online because getting item drops was so much fun and the variety in the ways in which you could get them was amazing. Binding of Isaac is another of my favourites because the entire thing is basically an itemdrop farm simulator and all of the items change gameplay. I've been playing terraria almost nonstop but I've finished the game now and I also loved that item drop system. Games that I couldn't get into would include rogue legacy which I hated because you just farmed gold until you could upgrade, which isn't to say I don't like upgrade systems but not when they're sort of the main feature. I know its a quibble but the drops were just recipes you also farmed money for.    So if anyone has any ideas at all that'd be great! Sorry for the wall of text.   I was thinking of nuclear throne but thought of posting here first, I've watched some gameplay videos but still unsure of how prevelant item dropping is.   Thankyou in advance!
[burnout paradise]	I just finished playing through Sleeping Dogs and I realized that I really enjoy driving through a crowded downtown intersection, on top speed on the highway against traffic, or basically anywhere there are other vehicles. I'm sure the overall driving in SD is pretty arcadey in relation to games devoted to driving, but I'd still like to find something similar.  A search through Steam's racing section has come up with GRID 1/2 and Need for Speed as possible options. They seem to be graphically nice which is a big plus for me, have a street racing theme to them, customization cars, and possibly a career system(?)  Has anyone had any experience in these games and can recommend one or the other. I wouldn't think that they would have the open world aspect to them, but I really don't know a lot about this genre and thus the post.  EDIT: thanks guys, I'll give need for speed a try and if that doesn't do it for me I'll try Burnout.
[duke nukem 3d: megaton edition, wolfenstein: enemy territory, return to castle wolfenstein, trackmania nations forever, chivalry: medieval warfare, battlefield bad company 2, serious sam: gold edition, the ultimate collection, unreal tournament 2004, day of defeat: source, command and conquer, aliens vs. predator, monday night combat, monday night combat, natural selection 2, king arthur's gold, grand theft auto 2, serious sam 3: bfe, worms: armageddon, payday: the heist, goldeneye: source, battlefield 1942, worms: clan wars, age of empires 2, battlefield 2142, world of tanks , tribes: ascend , team fortress 2, counter strike, counter strike, killing floor, path of exile, planetside 2 , awesomenauts, torchlight 2, garry's mod, garry's mod, titan quest, quake live, openarena, openarena, warframe , minecraft, minecraft, starcraft, starcraft, hedgewars, hedgewars, diablo 2, payday 2, loadout, warsow, warsow, soldat, soldat, panic!, arma 2, ttt]	Hi, my friends want to get together for a LAN party, some of us are pretty experienced PC gamers and others don't play all that much.  We are looking for some games with the following restrictions  * supports 5-10 players (hopefully in the same game at the same time * co-op or PvP is fine, any genre except really slow turn-based games * low cost or free since some people will be buying and then never play again (playing on borrowed computers) * No DOTA, LOL, or any of the super popular games, some of us have played a lot of those, and the skill disparity would not be fun for the newbies. * Slightly older games are fine. We were considering Battlefield 3. None of us has played it in a while, so skill difference would be low.  Any other ideas? 
[sacred 2]	Hi, I'm looking for more dungeon crawlers to play with my girlfriend. These can be PS3 or PC (Steam, emulators, or other). If the games are for PC, I would like them to have 360 controller support.  A few requirements:  * Top down style (**not** side scrolling like Dungeons &amp; Dragons: Shadow over Mystara or Castle Crashers).  * Fairly low skill entry point.  * Some RPG elements (new weapons/skill progression).  * **Local** Co-op  * Games we already have played/know about for the systems: Dungeon Siege 3, Dungeon Hunters, Marvel Ultimate Alliance series, Diablo 3.  Any other suggestions welcome! Thanks :)
[record of agarest war zero, star ocean: the last hope, final fantasy xiii, resonance of fate, tales of vesperia, enchanted arms, eternal sonata, lost odyssey, blue dragon, fable 2, nier]	I play mostly on PC, there is an XB360 at home but I never really game on it. Now I've heard a lot of good things about Dragon's Dogma and since it's no available on PC I'm buying the disc but stores nearby get good discounts for buying 3 or 5 games from time to time.  **What games that are exclusive to the 360 or that are just not on PC (like Dragon's Dogma) have I missed?**  No sports related games, first person shooters, kinect, racing, or downloadables (no xbox live subscription). Mostly RPGs to be honest, be it action based, turn based, JRPGs or others.  I've been playing Dark Souls for almost a year on PC and I want to play something else as well.  Thanks in advance!
[anachronox, anachronox, shadowrun]	I'm in the mood for an RPG, but I generally prefer Sci-fi to fantasy which seems to be the bigger RPG setting. Not too many requirements other than being science fiction, although I do prefer less post apocalypse and more futuristic, and I'd prefer a game made within the last 10 years: I know there's some great games from before the 2000s, but these days when trying to play them I just find myself getting frustrated and giving up on them.  Some games I've played:  * Mass Effect series: Loved it, not so much 2 where the RPG aspects felt really weak but 1 and 3 were great.  * Deus Ex/DE:IW/DE:HR - Same as ME: Loved them, not so much the second one though.  * Fallout series: They were fun and all but also what I was thinking of when I said no post-apocalypse: yeah, there were lasers, power armors, and mutants, but I'm just not really into the post apocalyptic aesthetic.  * Mars: War Logs: A bit more linear than I'd like, but still pretty great. Only wish it was longer.  * KOTOR series: I tried playing them again earlier today and while I liked them at the time they came out, now their age is starting to kinda show and things that I didn't mind when the games came out now kinda stare me in the face and make playing them a bit more tedious than I'd like.
[sword of the stars: the pit, paranautical activity, the binding of isaac, the binding of isaac, the binding of isaac, dungeons of dredmor, dungeons of dredmor, desktop dungeons, desktop dungeons, rogue survivor, cardinal quest, tower of guns, dungeon crawl, dungeon crawl, unreal world, unreal world, rogue legacy, rogue legacy, risk of rain, risk of rain, spelunky hd, teleglitch, teleglitch, teleglitch, this game, out there, out there, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, pick up, doomrl, doomrl, sci-fi, derek, derek, xbox, xbox]	I download a lot of things, be it mods, texture packs, steam or origin games, and recently I have run into the problem of not having a game that I can hop into, play for about 10 minutes without getting too engaged so that I can do something else after it's over, or I can quit anytime.  I tried doing that with Civilization V, but it kept me too occupied.  I need something that I can run and alt-tab back to download windows while still being able to stop playing immediately and go back to what I was downloading.
[this game]	First of all I don't know if Sim RPG is the right term to use here, but I'll go on. I want to play a game where winning or achieve some big mission isn't a centerpiece. I just want to play something like The Sims series but in the action RPG genre. Skyrim is close to what I'm trying to describe. You can complete the quests in skyrim at your own pace, you can explore, you can buy houses, marry  get the gist of it.  The X series is another example, where completing the main quests is totally upto you, and you can buy a lot of ships, form a trading empire, form you own fleets, own several space stations, you can do whatever you want.  If anyone can at least point out what this exact genre is called, I'll start looking for a game that feels right for me.
[amnesia: the dark descent, dead space, f.e.a.r.]	This post contains spoilers for the Uncharted series  It doesn't matter if its third or first person but it really needs a supernatural element and some badass creatures to fight (think Metro). Sort of like how towards the end of an Uncharted game there's Yetis and the Descendants (the ice Yeti fight was so badass but the flame headed guys from 3 were the stupidest fucking atrocity that could happen). Also there were some pretty cool monsters in Infamous 2 but there were only four different kinds.  is supposed to be supernatural would that fit? Anyways if there's anything out there on PS3, that would be really awesome.
[firefall]	Is there anything World of Warcraft like but FPS?  I'd like to play an online fps game with character progression, in a persistent world, with dungeons and raids and quests and everything an mmorpg has to offer but on first person view. I realised why I get bored so fast with mmorpgs and go back to CS:GO or Call of Duty... 3rd person view fighting style and/or mellee is not that attractive to me (played mostly ranged classes im WoW). Smite is an exception from that but still doesny have the same appeal as a fps. I know about planetside 2, but I never played it as I heard you need an i7 for it, and good news is that soon i'll have one and I'll give it a try. Is this even a genre, mmofps?  And if so, are there any games well established that you can recommend?
[timber and stone]	Hey,  I'm looking for a Fort Building style of game (not quite tower defense). Here's a list of things I'd like in the game. It's unlikely there's a single game with even half of these things.  * Resource management * Free building (instead of get enough resources to do blank) * Tower Defense style of game * 1st or 3rd person 3D * Castle-Management (or something similar - think of Stronghold 2) * Smart AI, not necessarily just zombies trying to get through * Games where pathing comes into play. ( Gem TD)  Thanks to anyone who responds. As I'm typing this, I'm reminded of games like Dungeon Defenders and Sanctum, but with resource management or castle building.
[final fantasy, guild wars 2]	Hey guys! So I am getting pretty bored of LoL and the game is just so stressful and makes me angry.    I want a game where I can chill and level my characters and get armor and do dungeons and shit...    I have played WoW since Vanilla and no longer play as it is now very boring, and anybody who played since Vanilla will agree, its not what it used to be.   I have been playing Rift a bit, but I am looking for a game that is like "in" at the moment?    So what is the MMORPG people are playing now-a-days?     I am looking for a completely Free-To-Play MMO
[unreal world]	A game like this might not exist, but I'll give it a shot.   I want this game to be realistic, meaning no monsters that come and hunt you down at night and such. However, I do want something to fear, whether it be starvation, animals, exhaustion, etc. I do not want there to be any other objectives besides the ones you set yourself. What I mean by this is I don't want the game to tell you to do things. I want to tell myself what to do without the game telling me to do otherwise. I want to have to keep constant watch over the basic needs (shelter, food, water, exhaustion). Thanks!
[tropico 4]	I am looking for a game where I can manage village and start building it and expanding village. I would like to decide what I am building and I could build farms and stuff. Zoom level would be so high I can see building being build and maybe some citizen animations. But nothing like Minecraft or something where I can see my stuff in 1rd person or that close.  I like Civ V , but I would like something different. No expanding to global empire and doing large scale wars between major powers. I would also like to have only one town/village.  It would be nice if there would be something like Barbarians or even other towns/villages sometimes attacking, but nothing too large scale.  Also game should be PC game buyable from Steam.
[dark souls]	im looking for a game that i can sink some time into and enjoy it while having the choice of using a kb and mouse or if i want to use a 360 controller. i'd prefer something like a mmo with a lot of interaction with other people in a PvE enviroment, but im up for a single player game also, one genre i dont want is a fps shooter like bf3 or cod. currently im trying dc universe and i like it with all the customization but its getting kinda grindy, and i plan on trying out firefall. other games i plan on trying is state of decay when its out of early access, darksiders 1&amp;2, skyrim, and fallout 3&amp; new vegas. the only thing i dont want is a game with high system requirements or a game with a monthly subscription or a heavy pay 2 win model
[spelunky , xbox 360, xbox 360, xbox 360, xbox one, game on]	Currently I am not interested in the PlayStation 4 since the games line-up doesn't really interest me. I am mostly interested in the Xbox One games line-up. If I were to get an Xbox One, the games I am planning to play are Dead Rising 3, Call of Duty: Ghosts, Battlefield 4, Ryse: Son of Rome, Halo, Thief, Watch Dogs and maybe Titanfall.  However, I am not sure what I should purchase. I understand that with PC, you can use mods to enhance gameplay and graphics. I do like having good graphics but that isn't a dealbreaker for me. The only PC game I play at the moment is Minecraft and I prefer the vanilla version right now. I do like the idea of having some of the most advanced graphics available since I know that PCs will be more powerful.  However, this means that I won't be able to play some of the Xbox One exclusive games that I am mostly looking forward to playing such as Ryse and Dead Rising 3. Everybody in my college class recommends the PC and they tell me that an emulator will eventually be developed so I could play these games. The thing is, I don't want to wait for an emulator.  High-quality graphics sounds nice to me but I mostly care about the game but I am unsure of what to buy. My friends are going for the Xbox One and although they would like to talk to and play with me on there, they don't mind what decision I make.  Edit: After hearing all of these good responses, I think I'll go for the Xbox One. Especially since one user reminded me that I'm more excited about it anyway. Thanks. :) 
[the world ends with you , shin megami tensei 4, grand theft auto:, black and white, metroid prime, castlevania, ghost trick, golden sun, pokemon x, mega man, big bang, okamiden, picross, twewy]	For a long time I haven't done much gaming, and the only gaming I have done has been on the computer. I'm wondering what's going on in the world of handheld gaming.  The last handheld gaming device I owned was a Gameboy Advance, so I've been out of the loop for a while. Games I really enjoyed were Golden Sun, Advance Wars, Pokemon Red, Blue and Yellow (those were for Gameboy Color I think), etc. What handheld gaming systems are out there these days? What games do you recommend, both similar and different from the ones I've listed?  Thanks!
[blade of darkness, project zomboid, dwarf fortress, neo scavenger, unreal world, world games, minecraft, darkwood, darkwood]	I'm on the prowl for some exploration games that don't hold any hands and don't care if I die.  Ideally, I'd like to be left on the edge of a forest/deep space/etc. and left to figure it all out on my own and carve out my own empire   Experiences I'm looking to emulate:  Minecraft/terraria/etc:  The rush of digging deep and finding a cavern is a big one for me.  Do I turn back and store my goods or press forward and explore.  Not too terrifying but exploration factor is huge.  Eve Online : Wormholes just came out and no one knows whats in them but whatever it is, its mean and is guarding something worth  I'm not the only one looking for it.    Skyrim: Random dungeons and cave make the game for me, the combat system and story line I could do without.  Dark souls: The entire game is terrifying and wonderful, not really a way to make things your own but still fun to explore.  Thanks!  
[antichamber]	By that I mean one of many things, it can be really funny and self aware, or the passive first person experience I really enjoyed. Just something first person that isn't just shooting.   I am saving the Amnesia/horror games for when I buy my webcam, I'd like to film it haha. Otherwise Games that you might suggest that I've already played will follow. Thanks ahead, hope I can find some new stuff!  Games Already Played That You Might Otherwise Have Suggested:  The Left Door The Right Door Mirror's Edge Portal 1/2 World of Goo Braid Bastion Every Monkey Island Game(Inclduing HD remakes &amp; new chapter based ones)
[dragon age origins, diablo]	I'm looking for an RPG or something with RPG elements with a tech tree.  I really enjoy building my character and making tough decisions on how to build skills.  Some caveats though:  Has to be able to use a controller, and no isometric viewpoint (personal preference).  I also tend to like more action based games.  Can be on any system.  Some examples of games in this mold I've enjoyed:  * Deus EX human revolution  * Divinity 2  * Two worlds 1  * Two worlds 2  * Morrowind  * Oblivion  * Skyrim  * Fallout 3  * Fallout new vegas  * Borderlands  * Borderlands 2  * Dead Island  * Dead Island Riptide  * Minecraft  * Mass Effect Trilogy  * Kingdoms of Amalur  * TERA   Here are a few that I think fit this mold that I haven't tried yet:  * Dragon's Dogma  * Risen 2  * Dungeon Siege 3  * Alpha Protocol  Thanks so much! 
[play it again, just cause 2]	Just Cause 2, Red Faction Guerrilla, Saints Row the Third, Prototype type of games. Where my guy is OP as shit, but still can die if outnumbered or encounters some kind of boss.  Ideally something I already own. Definitely want some kind of objective in the game in case I get bored of being the destroyer of worlds. Story not important, I usually skip through cutscenes unless I actually am interested in the game, which rarely happens.  http://  Not Hotline Miami, I found it boring during my 20 minute play through.  PC only, I don't have a console.  If only dynasty warriors was on steam. Mosou mode all day. Lubu you asshole.
[the legend of zelda, planescape: torment, wing commander, super metroid, super metroid, space combat, portal 2, ultima 4, bioshock, ultima 7]	 I am doing my thesis project on reciprocity and video games, and cant seem to find a certain type of game. The person playing the game needs to be helped by the npc, preferably not just given a suggestion or tip, but a generous amount of help. It needs to be a strong feeling, not just "oh he gave me a sword, how nice!". You need to think "Wow.... that was really nice".The participant would only be playing for 10 minutes, so it can be one event inside a game.  For example, someone has suggested "homeless" from Beyond two souls. Watching gameplay videos of it, it is a great example of what I am looking for. The player starts out homeless and desperate, and then a fellow homeless person offers her food and shelter.  Thanks for the help!!!   I asked a similar question around a month ago and got some great suggestions. However, I have revised my question a little bit and thought I would ask it once more.    Previous post: http://  Some basic info about what I am studying. I am trying to find a game in which the player is helped by an npc. I want to see if they will then help me out later on. Basically trying to find out if the rules of reciprocity can be carried from the virtual world into real life. 
[magic: the gathering]	Hey guys,   Im desperate to find new game to get addicted to. Ive been looking for couple months now, and i cant really seem to find anything. Started to think maybe im done with games and should find new hobby to do at home. Ill give a last try here.   Games that kept me for longer time Cs , tibia, flyff, league of legends.   I dont like solo games, so either split screen/coop/online is a must. It can be PS3 / PC game, free or not.   I got atracted to league of legends, couse it was something i never tried, but now after 2 years got bored of it aswell.   I dont like to b lost at very start, so i like the games that are enjoyable early and seem easy to learn.   I liked flyff/tibia, couse of the character progression, but i cant rly get to love any mmo no more. Ive made some top plays at flyff, understood i can get anything with money aswell. Theres nothing to do when ur best, and u can buy it with money so i cant get atracted to those anymore.   Social part is big +, if community is nice, i meet cool peoples than it should help me to stay.   Hope somone had similiar problem and find a cure. Im not rly sure what im looking for, maybe a new home hobby will do :P   Anything to start with will help. Thanks  I should add, that not having a game to play is kinda depressing, i cant wakeup at weekend, i really need some title to stress out and stabilize.   EDIT: Thanks for all the suggestions ! Ill come back when i make my mind a little, and try the suggested options :) Although, if you have any other ideas i still might need em 
[demon's souls, dark souls]	So I am wanting something that lets me go from Weak Mcweakling to a pub-stomping badass. I am teetering between Skyrim (I've played/beat most of the questlines already, but there's always something new to try), World of Warcraft (I have tried to get into this before, but I think I am more in the state of mind for it now, where-as before I just wanted instant gratification), or Payday 2 (I downloaded the demo and started playing it; it seems really fun, but the demo is limited to some extremely similar heists).  Bonus points for character customization and multiplayer. I am trying to detox from League of Legends, so addictiveness is a plus as well.  Thanks for any suggestions ahead of time. :)
[final fantasy 4, final fantasy 7, final fantasy 1, this game, 3d models, ff10, ff10, ff10, ff11, ff6, ff9, ff8, ff3]	I've never played Final Fantasy (GASP!), but by now there are so many chapters out, I don't know where to start.   I know I sound like a douche saying this, but I don't really like games with older graphics.   However, I don't want to miss anything from the main storyline, or any important things from the previous games. Which is my dillema; which FF game should I play so that I don't miss anything big plot-wise, but still has decent graphics?   Sidequestion: is there one big plot in all of the games? Or is it just the name? Are the individual plots connected?
[castlevania lords of shadow, darksiders ii, tomb raider, dark souls]	So I'm a huge fan of action, hack and slash-ish games like the newest Devil May Cry, the Batman arkham games, the first darksiders game, Ninja Gaiden, God of War, etc.  I love finding and switching between new weapons, upgrading said weapons, unlocking new abilities/combos, I just love it.  The thing is I am a pc only gamer these days, and it seems like quite a wide selection of these games are console exclusive.  So I was hoping you guys and gals might be able to suggest some I hadn't thought or heard of.      I have played the games I've mentioned above, and definitely am more about the action/combat than puzzles/platforming, though I felt Darksiders was a pretty effective balance of both.  So am I right in thinking there really just isn't much else in this genre for pc, or are there some good games out there I'm missing?
[full spectrum warrior, killing floor, darkstar one, goldie]	Hey gs,   was wondering if you have any steam suggestions.  Looking for non-front page stuff, so i guess you could interpret that as little known or under appreciated games.  don't really care about age of game or genre (I play and I'll try just about anything, but as a general rule, not into sports, sim, or puzzle).  also, my machine can't handle anything too graphic intensive or otherwise spec heavy--for example, I couldn't run Witcher 2, but I could run Skyrim with the settings down, that's as high as I can go.   So, all that being said, what are some of your little-known or under appreciated favorites?
[costume quest]	Since Halloween isn't really celebrated where I am from, but I really like the whole idea and atmosphere, I am looking for a good game to play on Halloween right now.  I don't think of a horror game, but rather something really campy, with pumpkins, bats, vampires and zombies (but not the scary, but the funny kind). So basically like the Halloween episodes of children's TV shows in game format.  The only one I can think of right now would be the Halloween DLC for Borderlands 2, but sadly my PC can't really handle that game and I would have to level up quite a bit to get to the point in the game where I could even attempt playing it.
[age of wonders: shadow magic, heroes of might and magic, soldiers at war, strategy games, king's bounty, civ]	The wife and I were taking about how it's been a long time since we played a game together the way we used to.  You know, the days before simultaneous local coop.  A friend of mine called it "sibling coop."  It's that type of game where one person is making the inputs that the group decides on.   Myst is a good example. Slow paced,  ample time for out of game discussion, and the actual controlling of the game isn't really what you're "playing."  Were it an option for a big screen, sone Proffesor Layton games might work.   The exact opposite would be something like Super Meat Boy.  Love the game, and its great for one person at a time and the play is all about the direct manipulation of the controller.  The Walking Dead was tried, but got the axe early. Again, love the game, but the time pressure mechanic sometimes forces unilateral decisions on the person with the controller.  That starts to destroy the feeling of "we're cooperatively deciding how to employ player agency."  Other things that might seem ok but aren't great.   Mass Effect. Great story to watch, but also a lot of combat sequences. Those get boring for whoever isn't controlling.   Grand Theft Auto. Lots of fun to pass and play and see who lives the longest, but not what I'm looking for just now.  Sudoku, Solitaire, traditional "over the shoulder" card or puzzle games. Might seem strange to mention these ones, but I think they fit my previous criteria perfectly. Except that there's little story to them. I'd like there to be a little more to the game than just abstract mechanics.    Obviously  Any thoughts?  PC, 360, iOS, and Android are all
[game on]	I just downloaded Path of Exile for free this week, which is a Diablo 2 clone. I've played it for several hours and I can start to feel myself getting sucked into the game.  However, I'd like to play BF4 and I *think* I'd like to start playing when it launches this Tuesday?   Should I stop Path of Exile before I get too far into it and pick it up later so I can dig into BF4 on Tuesday?  EDIT: Path of Exile was just officially released last week, so I'm anticipating the game getting some more polish as time goes on
[shape up]	So work and school have kept me well out of the gaming community for the last two years or so. I now have both the time and the money to be able to spend a few hours a week gaming. I'm going to buy one of the new consoles, so what I wanted to know is what console you guys would recommend me buy? A little background, my last console was the 360, and I played more western rpg games. Things like Mass Effect, Assassin's Creed, Fallout, Elder Scrolls, Grandtheft Auto. I definitely dabbled in the few rps games there were and enjoyed them, as far as shooters go I really only played Halo and Gears. Besides that I really have no idea what the current huge games are out there (if there is any?), so I can't really say which ones I'd be attracted to as of yet, but I'm definitely going to be doing some research on my own.   Thank you!
[eve online, eve online]	Hello!  I am searching a game where my character has a presence in a persistent virtual world, where I can kill or be killed with consequences.    I have played most popular MMOs over the years and nothing has compared to the experience I got from the original Runescape. The world they created was very immersive and the community was involved. I had a lot of fun.   I loved going into the wilderness to hunt, with my heart in my throat, slowly venturing out further each time. Or spending time crafting the items I would need, selling things in town, gathering runes for magic. It was so much fun.  I realize that a lot of this is nostalgia, but I haven't seen any modern games that offer a similar experience, I have never had that level of immersion, even with today's graphics.   Is anyone familiar with a game that would compare? If so, please let me know.  Thanks! 
[fallout 3]	Hi all. Due to work and grad school, I stopped keeping up with the [gaming] world after playing HL2 and getting partway through Oblivion.  Due again to grad school, I also haven't been in possession of a machine capable of playing anything more modern than Neverwinter Nights for a few years.  Recently, when my (crappy) laptop died, I was gifted (quite generously) a refurbed HP that's a LITTLE more capable of running modern-ish games.  It's no gaming laptop, but I think it might let me explore some of what I've missed since then.  The processor's an i5 3230M (2-core,  GHz), 8GB of memory, and the onboard HD 4000 graphics.  (Like I said, it's no gaming laptop)  I miss the sense of wonder and the unknown that I got from exploring the deepest and darkest depths of dwemer ruins in Morrowind, or stumbling onto Marten's Tomb in Wizardry 8.  I really love the sense of mystery, discovery, and awe that comes especially from exploring the unknown in first-person (something NWN lacked, as much as I love that game).  So, my request is:  Please recommend to me the best first-person RPGs (or shooters with RPG elements) of the last 6 or 7 years.  Especially those in fantasy or sci-fi settings.  Anything you think would tickle my fancy.  [edit] I'd also really like to go back to Oblivion.  Anyone recommend any good gameplay-changing mods for Oblivion (as I felt a little disappointed with the skill system...  I never liked the 'you can have it all' aspect of that skill system) that you consider must-haves?  I'd especially love any mods that increase the degree to which the player is forced to choose between competing priorities in character development and equipment choice.  Thanks very much!
[farcry 3]	Was looking for some new games as I cannot seem to get into any of my games and I struggle finding games that seem interesting. I have a few ideas of a type of game I would like. Preferably on PC and available on Steam.  I'm looking for a game that is free world, or has multiple paths to take. I don't want a game that has levels. A shooter would be nice, along with a good story.  A puzzling FPS game, stealthy, something that I can just hop on and play for an hour or two without needing much of a plot.  A strategy game, preferably a real time strategy game, something that sets it apart from any other strategy game.  I've been able to get into a few games like:  * Skyrim * Fallout Series * XCOM: Enemy Unknown * Half Life Series * Portal Series * Hitman Absolution * Civilzation V  Thank you so much in advance.
[a dark room, candy box 2]	I'm on this huge documentary binge and I'm loving it... Buuuut I'm the kind of person that if I don't interact with something or do something for a long period of time, I will go insane. I've been mindlessly playing games like Cookie Clicker (I'm so sorry if you just found this out, prepare to be addicted.) and I found that it really helped me. Is there any game I can sit back and just play mindlessly? More help:  Can be Browser/Steam game  No console game, please  I've already tried: Candy Box   The genre can be anything  Setting can be Fantasy/Sci-Fi/Anything  Don't put Minecraft/Terraria. I already tried those, but that requires too much of my attention  Can be RPG (Preferred, actually.)  MMO's are fine too. Just not sub based  Thanks!
[serious sam]	My computer is not spectacular to say the least, but I like games in 3D (partly because most modern games I can run easily are 2D or , because of my weaker laptop, it's hard to find good games I can run that are in 3D. (3D meaning movement and visuals in all three axes of motion.)    Here's some games I managed to run, to give an idea of my tastes and the power of my Acer AO725   ____  **Bulletstorm** - Playable with serious lag. - Really liked the game.  **Deus Ex:HR** - Playable, but lags a lot. - Game is good, didn't finish for the sake of the PC's health.  **SW Battlefront II** - Runs great, lags if the PC has been on too long - Love it.  **Fallout 3** - Runs ok on minimum settings, better with performance mods. - Loved this game.  **Fallout NV** - Runs same as Fallout 3 - Loved it.  **Halo** - Game runs perfectly. - I love me some Halo.  **Halo 2** - Game stutters for a second every half an hour. - Even better than Halo.  **Assassin's Creed** - Lags a fuckload, especially in crowds, almost unplayable on minimum.  **TrackMania UF** - Runs very well on minimum, I love making tracks for it.    **TES IV: Oblivion** - Runs on highest settings - Didn't care much for the game, played for an hour.    **The masquerade, bloodlines** - ugly game, boring story, odd mechanics, not my cup; but it ran very well.  **Psychonauts** - Runs with no noteworthy problems - Currently playing it, it's great and reminds of "Spongebob: Battle for Bikini Bottom"  ____  Other games I've loved (mostly on PS2) are Dark Cloud 1/2, GTA SA, FF X/X-2/III, Just Cause, Cave Story, Mario Kart Wii, Midnight Club III.  I enjoy most any game genre, I have a slight preference for RPGs and open worlds, and a distaste for collectibles (card games and the such.) but besides that, I don't care, FPS, JRPG, Stealth, platforms, go crazy.
[guacamelee!]	I just finished playing Aquaria and am really on a metroid kick. I played Super Metroid way back in the day and consider it to be one of the best games ever. I'm looking for metroidvania's that can be found for the PC, as I dont really console game much, but I do have a 360 gamepad for the PC if that helps.  So looking for games in the same vein as Metroid, Symphony of the Night, La Mulana (the remake), Aquaria (so sad there isn't a 2nd one), Cave Story (I haven't tried Cave Story+, not sure if it's any different). Story isn't super duper important but helps (not much story to Super Metroid and SotN but the rest were great), and semi up to date visuals help also. Heavy emphasis on upgrades and backtracking to use them, adventuring, open world, things like that.  Thanks a lot! And please let me know if there's a better subreddit for this.
[spacechem, spacechem, h2o, h2o]	I've recently been looking for another game with like, really complex order of game play stuff that would take a while to find out by myself. I've been playing a lot of modded minecraft (feed the beast) and kind of hit critical mass there with most of the complicated builds pretty much done. I've also tried EVE online in the industry side of the game but without a group of people most of the game play isn't as accessible. Do you guys have any suggestions for games that I could burn a few hours trying to figure out ?
[killing floor, left 4 dead, dead space]	Recently I've been playing video games again since I was around 12 - 13. One game I checked out was called Halo. While I didn't like it that much, I liked the concept of the Flood. I like being trapped in an environment discovering the enemies. I also liked how they infected the dead / living. Though I didn't really like The Library mission, where you had to kept repetitively fighting them over and over. I suppose this is similar to zombies too. What games would you recommend to me?  tl;dr Recommend me a good horror game with enemies similar to The Flood / The Thing (movie)
[star wars knights of the old republic, mass effect]	I loved both Oblivion and Skyrim, tried Morrowind but couldn't get into it (should I give it another go? It's always called the best of the series).  But aside from TES I haven't found anything that I could literally spend hours on, (even Skyrim was a bit worse than Oblivion for this, complete everything on the same character ''yay''.)  Tried Fallout but I didn't like it too much, its a great game but I would prefer something with a fantasy setting.  Game doesn't have to be new, I'm also a Deus Ex fan, but if the graphics are any worse than Deus Ex/Morrowind I probably will be reluctant to try it without good reason.  Thanks guys.
[rogue survivor, state of decay, roguelike, roguelike]	I was reading a post on having permadeath in Fallout 3 [Here](http:// and how it imporved OP's experience in their game.  I was very intrigued about a mod that shifts the games focus to a survival at all costs kind of experience and wanted something similar. I am not game enough to try a permadeath run (and not willing to lose a entire play through because of one mistake) but wanted to replicate the experience.  I was hoping to find some mods for Fallout 3 or Skyrim that makes death a much more costly mistake, not as far as permadeath and i don't want just long periods without saving so i have to replay the last 3 hours as punishment. I'm not sure exactly what this could entail, I was thinking maybe in Fallout 3 you spawn at the nearest medical facility and have to pay a large number of caps, lose some of your stimpak's, Med-X's.... ect and/or you lose all of your equipment (except maybe unique weapons) or to regain your things you have to return to where you died in a certain amount of time. Or in Skyrim similar but you spawn at the nearest Court Wizard and must pay/lose potions/equipment.  I hope /r/gamingsuggestions can help me out, I think this would be a good compromise between vanilla and permadeath. Or maybe if no mods exist if anyone knows a different rpg that has similar characteristics to what i am describing.  TL;DR: Looking for some mods in Fallout 3/Skyrim that can replicate the intensity of permadeath with out necessarily it's severe consequences.
[saints row 4, coh]	My University's network blocks DCUO, and now that City of Heroes is gone, my ability to create, play and live out my superhero fantasies is kinda nil. What are some good or under-rated or under the radar superhero games similar to this, or good super hero games in general? PC is pretty much my only option, and due to reasons which aren't really elaborating on, Arkham Origins isn't an option either. I have played: Marvel: Ultimate Alliance 1 &amp; 2 Arkhams Asylum and City Lego Batman 2: DC Super Heroes I have been interested in: X-Men: Destiny (though I've heard it's not really worth it) Thanks in advance for any help given!
[mass effect, mass effect, kotor]	So as a kid KOTOR was my favorite game and it was thinking of my good times as a kid playing that game that got me back into gaming now that I'm older. I've played several more recent games and my favorite game would now be Skyrim. I'm open to pretty much any game. Oh and I have a PS3.   The game series I have been leaning to is Mass Effect because they apparently compliment each other so well and I can get all 3 as a package deal. I don't want to buy the package deal unless I'm sure I will enjoy it.  So any game suggestions or anyone recommend Mass Effect? Explaining why is also appreciated
[ancient domains of mystery, rogue survivor, dwarf fortress, dungeon crawl, unreal world, ultima ratio, dark souls, this game, out there, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, spelunky, spelunky, angband, nethack, nethack, nethack, doomrl, sci-fi, derek, derek, xbox, zaga, zaga, adom, adom, adom, gta]	I am completely devoid of money at the moment with nothing to play. So I need a free game, that I can enjoy until I can get some money again :P  Here's my steam profile: http://  Please look at my current games and my wishlist as those are the kind of games I like.  But the games I like MOST are:  1. The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim (I already have Witcher on my wishlist) 2. The Binding of Isaac 3. Terraria 4. Minecraft   As an old fan of popular MMORPG's such as WoW I am completely open to them as long they are free and not shitty looking of course :)  Some free MMORPG's I'm very interested in and probably gonna try in the future:  1. BLESS 2. Final Fantasy XIV 3. Champions of Ragnum  And yes I got my eyes on Guild Wars 2 :3  I really do not want any shooters after trying Fallout 3 and New Vegas I was relatively disappointed, AND absolutely NO sport games they just friggin suck.  Thank all!
[rise of nations, age of empires]	I love war games. Shooters, like Battlefield and CoD, simulators like ArmA, RTS like Age of Empires and Total War; I love it all. However, largely due to Battlefield's Commander mode and the movie Ender's Game, I've been craving a strategy game with great depth, but have been unable to find something to sate myself.  I am looking for a game with large scale warfare, over a country or continent; a full campaign with which to play. Preferably modern of future ages, with multiple units types to control: artillery, infantry, armor, scout/sniper, recon, etc. I would prefer real-time engagements, but I have no problem with turn-based games such as Civilization. I also have no problem with games where combat may not be the focus entirely, such as Civilization, but it must have well thought out mechanics and not just basic, Risk-esque combat. Also, great AI would be lovely, so I am not bored, as well as multiplayer, in case I can convince my friends to play as well, competitive or otherwise.  Some notable mentions that have come close but not quite there: *Civilization: Near perfect, save for the AI. Against people it is wonderful, with little to no flaws. *End War: Wonderful, though limited in scope. Great for small battles. Also, I love the interface (voice) for it. I like to be able to act as fast as I can think. *Total War: Great games incorporating military tactics such as flanking and bombardment well. No modern/future ones that I am aware of though.  So, any ideas? I have searched about on Google and some gaming sites, but nothing has turned up that looks promising so far. Here's hoping you guys can help.  Cheers!
[littlebigplanet, rayman origins, guild wars 2, portal 2, diablo 3]	I'm looking for a game to play with my SO. We play WoW for a bit but now its just not any fun (we stopped sometime after the expansion with the wolves). I really want to play a game with her, but we cannot seem to find anything. She isn't very good with FPS games or shooter games in general, so it's going to need to be something easier. We did minecraft for a bit, but we got burnt out on it after X years and most of my friends play on heavily modded servers.   Any suggestions? Console games are OK. We have a Wii u but dont really use it, I also have a ps3, she really enjoyed castle crashers.  Update:  We got diabo 3, so far we are liking it, its a little bland and feels a bit like a lot of areas are copy pasted, but its pretty damn fun. She is a monk and im a wizard,seems to be working pretty well so far. 
[prince of persia, dark souls]	A lot of us have turned into power gamers. We've gone from the casual gamers of childhood and a lot of us also play games now for a competitive experience. We're always looking for how to properly "build" a character or class, or how to max stats and such. Don't get me wrong, I love the competitive aspects some games have to offer, but I feel like I've been poisoned. It's not that I play casual games with a hardcore competitive attitude, but power gaming has caused me to always have a goal in mind. The first major game that I played online with friends on a very regular basis was runescape. I'd get home from school and get on and play. But I played for the sake of playing, we wouldn't get on and say "let's go level up in this skill for a bit" we'd just walk around and explore and stuff. This was also the first game that transitioned me into power gaming. I set a goal to obtain some sort of armor by grinding and completing require quests and at the end of it all I just thought, "now what?". I stopped playing within a few days. The next game I played that gave me that fun, casual, explorative, non-goal oriented feel was Minecraft. But, I've played Minecraft since seriously the first month of Alpha and I've played it to death, I can't squeeze it for anymore enjoyment. I'm looking for that game that will bring me back to that feeling of complete and 100% casualness, while also giving a slight sense of progress (I've gone back and forth from Gmod for the last 5 years because I get this sort of feeling when I play build servers). The only game I play right now that emulates this feeling is DnD. I love it, and it's a lot of fun, I'm more worried about staying in character than "maximizing" my character. But, it's a tabletop game that I only get to play once weekly (if that), and I want to play another video game that gives me that feel.  **TL;DR**: I want to play a game that gives me a sense of discovery and exploration, is casual, but I still get that sense of progression, if only slightly.
[recettear: an item shop's tale]	My girlfriend wants to get into PC gaming and really wants an RPG type game but isn't crazy about all the constant murdering required to level up. She wants something with lots of tasks/quests and good character development. It can't be anything too fast paced because she gets motion sickness easily. Free-to-play is preferred but not required. Any suggestions?  Edit: She also likes time management and simulation games that aren't too heavy on the realism. Casual games are okay, too. She enjoyed Plants vs. Zombies and Farmville.
[battletech]	By grounded, I mean a game that takes place mostly on the ground.  I've been looking at vids of Armored Core Verdict Day, and while it looks fun it also looks way to fast and floaty to satisfy everything I like about mechs.  I'm looking for a game where your mech is lumbering, and while you do have boosts they are short, take a while to recharge, and only push you about a city block at the most.  I'm looking for a tactical game, one that is preferable multiplayer.  I'll even play a faster paced game, as long as the mechs are grounded.  The infinite flight that Armored Core is moving to isn't my cup of tea.  Edit:  I know Mechwarrior Online looks up my alley, but I can't play it.
[path of exile]	Hey there! Thanks for taking the time to read and answer this. As the title states I'm looking for some suggestions for co-op games to play on PC. My girlfriend and I currently play WoW, Borderlands 2, DotA 2, L4D, Portal 2, and D3 together. We've been pretty limited in playing these titles together but at our separate apartments since it's not really practical for either of us to lug around our desktops. I took a look through co-optimus but they seemed to be missing loads of games. A few key things I'm looking for:  -Low system requirements (at least one of us will be on a laptop)  -Co-op  -Cheap (optional)  We like all sorts of games so any suggestions would be much appreciated! Thanks again!
[two worlds]	I'm looking for a game I can play for a few weeks that feels like World of Warcraft - specifically, a somewhat cartoonish style, fantasy-based story (needs to have magic), ability to choose classes (mage, warrior, rogue, etc.), ideally it'd be an RPG with a compelling story line, and fun but not super technical combat system. I'm not looking for a multiplayer experience at all.   For video games that fit my criteria, I've played Dragon Age LOVED it, Fable 3 and liked it, and Kingdoms of Amalur and enjoyed it. What else is there? I will have 2 weeks of break from a very demanding grad program, and it would mean so much to me to be able to find the perfect video game treat for this short break.   (BTW, I only have PC and xBox.)  Edit: Thank you all for the suggestions! Looks like I have a few games to investigate :)
[lol, lol]	Two weeks passed since my last thread, and im still gameless.   I decided i need to find some MMO since those, i guess are most addictive.   Im looking for whatever could addict me :/ i guess something new ? something with uncommon/original system to interest me.   I wish the game was easy to play hard to master.   I dont like games in space.   I wish to play Bless, Blade &amp; Sould, F2 Floating Fortress when they come.   I played Flyff, Rose, Path Of Exile, Diablo, Tibia, Scarlet Blade, Wow, Kal, Sky212, Age OF Vulin, Vindictus, Dargon Nest, Secret World, Aion, Aika and many more that didnnt kep me for longer than a day.   Any suggestions ?  EDIT: I Cant play pay 2 win game. EDIT2: Over whole day of research i found: Gunz 2 - quite cool to take a break for 1-3 games a day.  As for MMO im thinkign beetween Secret Worlds, STar Wars, and ff 14.  
[game of thrones , mafia wars, farmville]	I'm on this huge documentary binge and I'm loving it... Buuuut I'm the kind of person that if I don't interact with something or do something for a long period of time, I will go insane. I've been mindlessly playing games like Cookie Clicker (I'm so sorry if you just found this out, prepare to be addicted.) and I found that it really helped me. Is there any game I can sit back and just play mindlessly? More help:  Can be Browser/Steam game  No console game,  pc only  iOS games are fine too. I just haven't found any that aren't Pay to Win  I've already tried: Candy Box, Candy Box 2, Dark Room, Evil Genius, Cookie Clicker, Gold and Gems, Progress Quest, Anti-Idle: The Game  The genre can be anything  Setting can be Fantasy/Sci-Fi/Anything  Don't put Minecraft/Terraria. I already tried those, but that requires too much of my attention  Can be RPG (Preferred, actually.)  MMO's are fine too. Just not sub based  I like autoplaying games, IE you leave them and they play themselves out, but a random aspect is also appreciated   Thanks!
[guild wars 2]	im looking for a decent game to replace league of legends, its nothing but full of people raging and i dont like the game anymore, im wanting a game that has a decent sized community and some form of group play. games i have tried so far and dont like:tera, runescape (played for around 5 years and got bored of it), rift, neverwinter, smite,  im seriously thinking about picking up minecraft and trying to find a decent community on it, im also thinking of maybe diablo 3 but a lot of people ive talked to about it says its nothing more than a giant grind. im wanting a game that doesnt cost a fortune or have a high subscription price (WoW and ESO)
[natural selection 2, out there, diablo]	My boyfriend and I love video games, but we play different kinds. I love RPGs and simulation games like Mass Effect, Fable, The Sims, etc. He loves shooter and RTS games like Counter Strike, Battlefield, Medal of Honor, etc.   He plays on his PC because it's upgraded and awesome, and I play on the XBox 360 because my laptop is not upgraded or awesome. :(  Just wondering if anyone knows of any cool games out there that both of us would like, preferably on the XBox since there is *really* only one computer available. We do have 2 controllers for the XBox, as well as XBox Live, but we do not have Kinect (if that matters at all).  Thanks in advance! :D
[magic: the gathering]	This is long and complicated, but I'll try to keep it as short as possible. One a month or so we have a gaming afternoon at work. There are 7 of us. We're *really* struggling to find a game we all enjoy. Here's the deal: The boss's two main rules are A) Everyone must be in the same session of the same game, and 2) No racing games. The problems come because about half of us suck badly at PvP FPS, plus the boss gets bored with co-operative games. With 7 players, two teams is rarely even. Top-tier RTS games usually have the same winner: the boss or the boss's team because as soon as a game is decided he starts researching it. We tried World of Warcraft. We were supposed to have a character that we only played at games day, but the boss played it between games days and was soon at the level cap. Two co-workers swapped a character from another server, two others let the boss bot them to the cap, but I didn't want to risk my long-running account at the time and I didn't have a character at the cap. We've been playing Civ 5 for a few times now, but one guy actively hates it and as soon as there's war between players it gets bogged down by its turn-based nature. I refuse to play Left For Dead 2, another player has already decided he doesn't like Brink. A bunch of us bought StarCraft 2 for like $60 when it first came out and we only played it twice. I signed up for the Diablo 3/WoW 1-year deal and *the next day* it was announced we wouldn't be playing WoW at games days, so at least a few of us refuse to buy any more new full-priced games just for games day. I don't have a particularly powerful gaming PC anyway, even less so one I'm prepared to drag to the office.  We need help. We need a multiplayer game with enough randomness that mixed skill levels and interests doesn't just result in the same winner every time. We need something that copes well with 7 people. We need... we don't know exactly what we need, we just need help. Thanks in advance.
[vampire rain, two worlds]	Hey everyone,    As sad as it sounds, I am looking for some games that are considered to be terrible to keep an eye out for when I go out looking to pick up some video games.  The games that others seem to hate are the ones that I seem to enjoy, as I have even gone as far as to write strategy guides for games that some couldn't even bring themselves to finish.    Not much for requirements on this request, but I am looking purely at  console games on this one.  No PC games, please.  Aside from that, it would have to be something that I could pick up for a decent price, so no super-rare unlicensed games that cost over $100 or anything like that.  The last request would be for no shovelware from 2000 to the present to be recommended.  I'm a male in my 20's.  If it is a game like "Babyz 2: Now with More Babyz!" on the Wii, then I am certainly not in the target demographic on that one.  While I enjoy bad games, that doesn't mean that I don't realize when a game is thrown on the market to make a quick buck.  Hopefully I can get some good suggestions, and I would like to thank you for your time in reading this.    Edit: I should probably include the list of games I already have, as some of the suggestions are ones that I already own.  My apologies.  http://
[donkey kong country, yoshi, kirby]	So the 8 types of fun are supposedly as follows:  * Sensation - Game as sense-pleasure * Fantasy - Game as make-believe * Narrative - Game as unfolding story * Challenge - Game as obstacle course * Fellowship - Game as social framework * Discovery - Game as uncharted territory * Expression - Game as soap box * Submission - Game as mindless pastime  I'm trying a little experiment, and want to try one game from each category. You don't have to recommend one for all 8 but I'd like one for each category once I put all the answers together. Games have to be available on NES or SNES, and could you please include both the title and which category you believe it belongs to.
[castle crashers]	My husband and I absolutely LOVE co-op games that we can play next to each other, so I'm not looking for Online Co-Op, but local.  We have a PS3, but if you know of any upcoming games for the PS4, I'd love to hear them.  We're in our early 20's, though I'm not sure that's relevant.  We LOVED RE5, and loved RE6 at first, he still does, but I've gotten a little bored of it.  We tried  3, I was like "Dafuq" the whole time, I have no interest in it again whatsoever.  We liked the Umbrella Chronicles and Darkside Chronicles decently, but we're not looking for anything else like them.  I love Final Fantasy/Kingdom Hearts/Xenosaga/Tomb Raider/Parasite Eve/Original Resdient Evil games/ Dark Cloud/ .HACK type of games, and he loves Assassins Creed, and the Batmam games (Arkham City/Asylum or something)  We both LOVE The Elder Scrolls (well, he only like Skyrim, but I know if the grpahics were better in past games, he'd like them, too), and though I love the Fallout Series, he won't play them because of their graphics, but other then that, he WOULD have been interested in the series.  Anyway, I know our taste in games really differ, but when it comes to Co-Op, we can usually come together in our interests. EVEN if the graphics are crap, I'd like the suggestion anyway, because I'm sure I can convince him to play it if it's for Co-Op.   What do you suggest?
[the walking dead, board games, board games, war games, total war]	For the first time in 40 years my dad has extra time on his hands, and I think he might be interested in giving gaming a shot, but I'm not sure what to suggest for him. Two big issues:  1) He doesn't have a lot of respect for the medium. Not that he thinks they're all toys for kids, but not having a lifetime of good experiences with games, he doesn't have that sense of trust that a game will start being fun once he gets into it. In other words, if he isn't grabbed quickly he'll assume games just aren't for him.  2) He doesn't have the dexterity or reflexes that come from gaming throughout your childhood. He's an intelligent guy, but looking around with a mouse while walking with WASD would probably be difficult for him. He could learn to do it, but if he needs to use it during his first gaming exposure he'll get frustrated and give up.   He's big into history and strategy games, so I'm thinking maybe something like Civ 5, but I'm worried that the steep learning curve will turn him off. I think he'd appreciate a game with a complex story, perhaps something like Mass Effect. But, that series starts off way too slowly for him to stick with it.   Any ideas?
[risk of rain]	I have the classic problem of only having small windows of time to play games (anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour) which means that I have all but given up on my gaming staples.    Games I've previously played and really enjoyed include WoW, Skyrim, Assassin's Creed, AoE, TF2, Portal, Minecraft and SimCity (old not new).  I've tried LoL, Hearthstone and KSP over the last few weeks and they really aren't getting my juices flowing.  All good games, but none of them are scratching my itch.  Any suggestions for PC games that might grab my attention are received with thanks.
[the world ends with you, year walk]	I've always been really hard to please with games.  I typically will give almost any game a chance but rarely can stick with it for more than a few days.  Every now and then there will be a game I just can't stop but I find those are rare.  I have a 360/PS3/DS/CPU/WII but am mostly looking for a free or really cheap game for the computer (or emulator).  I mostly like RPGs, Strategy or puzzle games but I'll try almost any genre.  **Games I loved:** GTA series, Zelda, Fire Emblem, The Last of Us, Heavy Rain, Pokemon, The Walking Dead, Arkham Series, Civ, HoN  **Games I liked a lot:** WoW, Skyrim (both WoW and Skyrim were great but I always found myself wanting to change classes before I got very far), Star Wars Battlefront, Final Fantasy, Minecraft (wish there were more objectives), DayZ Mod  I know that's all over the place but I'm hoping someone can steer me in the right direction.  Thanks!  EDIT: Bonus if there's character leveling, good story, and/or items that improve as you move on in the game (like WoW)
[final fantasy vi, final fantasy x, final fantasy x, eternal sonata, 1000 words, xbox 360]	I am really getting in to RPG's at the moment but some are just a bit too chirpy for me. I want world's ending, main characters dying. All that good stuff.    One example would be Persona 3, especially the end of the game. It all feels hopeless and you really wonder how you will make it through.    On the other hand Persona 4, a game I loved, is just a bit too upbeat for my liking.    Any ideas? They don't have to be RPG's but it's prefered because I suck at games. Demon Souls would be a perfect game for me, if I could only play it.
[transport tycoon deluxe, rollercoaster tycoon, openttd, openttd]	I have been looking around for a long time to try and find some good alternates. Unfortunately, gaming websites don't categorise business games and there aren't many places to look at decent ones!  I know Rollercoaster Tycoon is out there, I have played it and love, but isn't there more? I am currently in love with Prison Architect but it definitely has it's flaws since it's an alpha.   There is something appealing about designing and running your own business, assessing the market, crunching the numbers and turning a competitive profit.  So i extend you the invite, what was your favorite business game and why?
[path of exile, warframe, tera]	I've been bored out of my mind during my days off, and I was wondering what quality free to play MMOs are even out right now. What are some of the games you're aware of and/or are currently playing. Games that aren't really pay to win. I'm looking for something that isn't too cliche, but still fun. Just to give you an idea, these are the some of the game I've enjoyed and played in the past:  - Played **WoW** in middle school until I couldn't afford the subscription anymore.  - GunBound  - Tales of Pirates  - MapleStory  - Flyff  - Battlefield Heroes  - Team Fortress 2 (didn't like it)  - Planetside 2  - Blacklight Retribution  - League of Legends. (gets boring quickly. currently level 20) 
[dragon quest ix: sentinels of the starry skies, tom clancy's ghost recon advanced warfighter, dragon quest v: hand of the heavenly bride, ogre battle: the march of the black queen, donkey kong country 2: diddy's kong quest, metal gear solid 4: guns of the patriots , metal gear solid 4: guns of the patriots , the legend of zelda: a link to the past, the legend of zelda: a link to the past, the legend of zelda: phantom hourglass, the legend of zelda: phantom hourglass, star wars: knights of the old republic, the legend of zelda: twilight princess, the legend of zelda: twilight princess, king's quest iv: the perils of rosella, the legend of zelda: link's awakening, the legend of zelda: ocarina of time, the legend of zelda: ocarina of time, the legend of zelda: ocarina of time, super mario world 2: yoshi's island, the legend of zelda: skyward sword , metal gear solid 2: sons of liberty, tactics ogre: let us cling together, prince of persia: the sands of time, the legend of zelda: the wind waker, the legend of zelda: the wind waker, the legend of zelda: the wind waker, the legend of zelda: majora's mask , castlevania: symphony of the night, serious sam: the first encounter, the elder scrolls iv: oblivion, the elder scrolls iv: oblivion, call of duty 4: modern warfare, call of duty 4: modern warfare, call of duty: modern warfare 2, uncharted 3: drake's deception, starcraft ii: wings of liberty, monster hunter portable 2nd g, kingdom hearts birth by sleep, grand theft auto: san andreas, grand theft auto: san andreas, resident evil code: veronica, knights of the old republic , warcraft iii: reign of chaos, star wars: the old republic, god of war: ghost of sparta, monster hunter portable 3rd, uncharted 2: among thieves , grand theft auto: vice city, grand theft auto: vice city, the elder scrolls v: skyrim, the elder scrolls v: skyrim, the elder scrolls v: skyrim, tom clancy's splinter cell, daley thompson's decathlon, rayman 2: the great escape, animal crossing: new leaf, way of the exploding fist, new super mario bros. wii, tony hawk's pro skater 2, tony hawk's pro skater 2, mike tyson's punch-out!!, oddworld: abe's oddysee, super smash bros. melee, street fighter ii turbo, shadow of the colossus , super smash bros. brawl, resistance: retribution, call of duty: black ops, david's midnight magic, batman: arkham asylum , super mario all-stars, super mario galaxy 2 , xenoblade chronicles , phantasy star online, sonic the hedgehog 2, grand theft auto iii, grand theft auto iii, halo: combat evolved, halo: combat evolved, super mario bros. 3 , super mario bros. 3 , final fantasy viii , grand theft auto iv, xcom: enemy unknown, xcom: enemy unknown, red dead redemption, dragon age: origins, assassin's creed ii, batman: arkham city, final fantasy vii , final fantasy xii , fallout: new vegas, monster hunter tri, total annihilation, neverwinter nights, dragon warrior vii, ultima iii: exodus, star wars galaxies, grand theft auto v, world of warcraft, final fantasy iii, final fantasy vi , bioshock infinite, bioshock infinite, the walking dead , final fantasy iv , gargoyle's quest , unreal tournament, final fantasy x-2, phantasy star ii, kingdom hearts 2, nhlpa hockey '93, persona 4 golden, battlefield 1942, dragon quest iii, final fantasy x , littlebigplanet , final fantasy ix, splinter cell 3, pokmon stadium, resident evil 4, super mario 64 , jet grind radio, donkey kong jr., donkey kong jr., pokmon diamond, chrono trigger , madden nfl 2004, bionic commando, civilization ii, sakura taisen 3, head over heels, baldur's gate , brain training, space invaders, the orange box, metroid fusion, the last of us, operation wolf, super metroid , super metroid , city of heroes, wing commander, mario kart wii, golden eye 007, golden eye 007, grim fandango, space shuttle, mortal kombat, virtual pool , boulder dash , scribblenauts, borderlands 2, dr. kawashima, pole position, yar's revenge, mass effect 3, mass effect 2, demon's souls, dragon's lair, metroid prime, metroid prime, thunder blade, virtua racing, world of goo, gran turismo, gears of war, gears of war, demon attack, perfect dark, perfect dark, gravity rush, star raiders, star raiders, star raiders, dead space 2, ms. pac-man , ms. pac-man , chrono cross, star cruiser, sound shapes, sound shapes, miner 2049er, knight lore, lode runner, lode runner, psychonauts, psychonauts, guitar hero, half-life 2, half-life 2, sakura wars, god of war , soulcalibur, dark souls, freelancer, shenmue ii, starglider, wii sports, wii sports, mega man 2, excitebike, nintendogs, speedball, fallout 3, fallout 3, far cry 3, robocop 2, everquest, diablo ii, max payne, bruce lee, portal 2, portal 2, portal 2, pitfall!, pitfall!, tatsujin, the sims, the sims, lady bug, fable ii, marsport, deus ex , galaxian, out run, tetris , tetris , tetris , nhl '94, wii fit, frogger, nba jam, jetpac, zaxxon, doom 3, doom 3, wibarm, halo 2, halo 2, galaga, halo 3, zork i, crysis, machi, myst , kami, zoids, tron, ico]	Hello,  I've been searching the internet for some sort of chart the shows the best selling game based on year, or most played video game for the time by year.  I found this [Yearly Chart Index by VGChartz](http://, but it only goes back to 1990 for Japan.  Does anybody know of a more extensive chart that dates back to the 70s?  The reasoning is to "start from the beginning" and play the most popular game for each year, to develop a better understanding of how games evolved and to introduce my girlfriend to older and great games, since she has only played Minecraft.  Thanks for any help. I'll update this post as I find more information. Hopefully by the end there will be a nice list of games that people, wanting a similar experience, will be able to follow.  EDIT: I have found [this wikipedia page on GotY awards](http:// but it doesn't date back to the 70s. Anybody know of a better chart system?  EDIT2: [I posted a comment with the compiled chart from the Wikipedia GotY article, organized by year, then by the number of awards the title has for that year.](http://  Titles in **bold** ones we will be planning on playing.  EDIT3: Please suggest a game from each year that you think we **NEED** to play.
[castlevania: lords of shadow]	Just finished Guacamelee. Loved it. The platforming (especially the double jump) was awesome and the combat was fun (although could have been funner with a sword). I seriously loved the double jump. I love a double jump so much. Are there any games that have this feature and are also excellent?  I'm not interested in brutally hard platformers, so super meat boy is not that interesting to me, but I might be persuaded only if it has double jump. I'm open to emulated games as well (including stuff on PS2/Dolphin).  Some games you might suggest that I have played:  * rayman origins  * darksiders 1&amp;2  * DMC (the recent reboot) and DMC 4  I appreciate any suggestions!
[kingdoms of amalur: reckoning]	Hi,  I'm looking for an *offline* game to basically scratch an itch. I want to be able to hop into a game, kick some enemy butt, get cool new abilities and progress through an interesting world.  This is often done in MMOs I guess, but all MMOs of late kind of bore me and I don't really want anything online (especially given they tend to take forever to get stuff done -- I don't want my life to revolve around a game and that tends to happen to a lot of people including myself). The last MMO I was a big fan of was FFXI, because there were a lot of cool abilities to unlock, the world was really interesting, and there wasn't a whole lot of dialogue; most of the game was actually going on quests.  I know it's probably looked down upon but I also have gone back and played maple story a few times, but it gets really boring and the community sucks. The leveling curve is actually pretty good though (or at least it used to be) and there are enough interesting abilities and areas to look forward to to keep it  a little while.  Basically I want to be able to run around in a semi-open world, kill stuff, and get stronger, in a third-person game (not top-down like Diablo, etc). I want combat to be action oriented (not turn-based) and I want it to be the main focus of the game (not story-driven).  Does anything like this even exist? And, if so, what is it?  Thanks in advance for any help!
[dark souls]	Hey there!  Might be a bit tricky one this, but I'll give it a shot anyways!  Im looking for an RPG, or even an MMORPG, doesnt really matter, where the items and such have meaning! For example, I want to feel that the swords I acquire have some sort of... Depth to it. There should be this feeling of accomplishment, or even an epic feeling when you gain new gear!   Better yet, there should be some kind of a quest (Adventure) to gain that one awesome weapon or armour from that one particular place..  I understand that this might a bit tricky.. But hey, its worth a try! Any suggestions are appreciated!
[jak and daxter]	So, I'm looking to get into either Ratchet and Clank or Jak and Daxter, but, having a job and a girlfriend definitely takes up a lot of my time. Especially when playing a series of games like these. My question is: which one would you recommend? In terms of art-design, likeable characters, atmosphere, music, gameplay, etc. Graphics aren't very important to me, but I do like a good story, music and atmosphere. Looking to either pick up one of these series' collections.  Thanks! (Try to be as least nostalgia-fide as possible, even though I know that's quite hard.) 
[ive]	I've owned a 360 for a good 5 or 6 years now, but with the new consoles coming out I play it less and less. My current plan for the next gen consoles is to wait a year or two to see how they play out, which console does "better" and for any current flaws in either to be fixed and worked out. Now, all of the people I usually play with are moving onto a Xbox One, which means I wont play my 360 much, considering most of my games are multiplayer and I wont be paying for live anymore. So my question is this: Should I get a PS3 to pass the time? There have been many PS exclusives I have been wanting to try, including Little Big Planet, Uncharted series, God of War, and so on. I've looked into the many PS3's being sold by gamestop, and they are a bit pricey, which draws me away.  Things I feel like I should add:  I have a laptop which I use to play games as well, plenty of games from Steam sales and what-not.  I also am getting a 3DS within the next month, otherwise known as a Pokemon Machine.  So Reddit, I'd love to hear your advice on this topic, and thank you to any who do post.
[diablo]	I've been bored out of my mind during my days off, and I was wondering what quality free to play MMOs are even out right now. What are some of the games you're aware of and/or are currently playing. Games that aren't really pay to win. I'm looking for something that isn't too cliche, but still fun. Just to give you an idea, these are the some of the game I've enjoyed and played in the past:  - Played **WoW** in middle school until I couldn't afford the subscription anymore.  - GunBound  - Tales of Pirates  - MapleStory  - Flyff  - Battlefield Heroes  - Team Fortress 2 (Didn't like it)  - Planetside 2 (I currently play it, but with no end-game, it gets boring quick)  - Blacklight Retribution  - League of Legends. (Also gets boring after 2 or 3 matches. Currently level 20) 
[heroes of might and magic 3, temple of elemental evil, dungeons of dredmor, jagged alliance 2 , fallout tactics, king's bounty, silent storm]	It's a genre I realised I've pretty much overlooked but that really appeals to me. I'm looking into XCOM, Fire Emblem (though I don't have a 3DS so it'll probably be a while before I actually play Awakening) and maybe Pokemon Conquest but I don't really know other games or series in the genre (I suppose Fallout could partially count, and I do love Fallout).  I'd love to hear what are considered the best ones. Doesn't have to be recent; I am not averse to heavily dated graphics.  PC is the preferred platform but I'm open to others like the DS or whatever.
[risk of rain, roguelike]	I finally shelled out for a wireless reciever so I could play PC games with my Xbox 360 controller.   For my specs, I have 4 GB RAM, a texture card that really can only run most 3D games and even some 2D ones on bare minimum resolution. My processor Intel Core  GHz.  I want a fun adventure-type PC game with some RPG elements or some other pseudo-complex overarching mechanics that is mostly action/platform oriented. Exploration is something I dig a lot, and a 2D game is preferable because it's more likely it will look and run well on my computer and 2D game control is kind of the reason I bought a gamepad. Plus, I kind of dig 2D games more than 3D ones anyway.  Story is not a necessity, but it *is* nice to have. A game where you could easily create your own epic story is just as good. **If you've heard of the game that is currently in development called Chasm, I'm looking for a game similar to that!** I like the art, the exploration mechanics, and the weapons and pseudo-RPG mechanics.  If there are any other cool action/platform games that play well with a gamepad but exclude exploration, those are alright too. I'm planning on getting Dustforce, so that's something I'm interested in. I dig games with cool environments like that, it makes the whole game feel like an adventure.  So, basically, to sum it all up, I'm looking for a game that feels like an adventure, plays well with a gamepad, runs well on a low-end computer, and hopefully is 2D and encourages exploration. Also, I'm not too big of a fan of teeth-gritting rogue-likes, but if you recommend one, I can still give it a shot.  Games I've already played:  -Bastion  -All Metroids beside Zero Mission, Other M, and Super  -Super Meat Boy  -Binding of Isaac  -Limbo  -Braid   -Cave Story  -Jamestown (I'm not a huge fan of most old-school shooters, but I loved the art, setting, and gameplay of this one!)  Games I've considered:  -Dustforce  -Spelunky (It seems really boring and not my style, despite what I've heard of it.)  -They Bleed Pixels (Is this one any fun for someone who craves an adventure as much as I do?)  (I'll add more if I think of them.)  Thanks for the help, all!
[rogue legacy, minecraft]	I love engaging single-player games like Bioshock Infinite, but I often find myself "putting off" playing them.  While technically you could play a game like Bioshock for a half hour or so between checkpoints, I feel like those games are only fun when you can get really immersed.  So I put them off because of the time commitment necessary.  I end up just playing a few rounds of Counter-Strike.  Any suggestions for fun, pick-up and play type games?  Preferably not another FPS... or a MOBA for that matter.  Tried my hand at LoL, and it wasn't for me.
[playstation, playstation, wii u, xbox, xbox]	So I've been back and forth between consoles and pc for years. Started with a Sega Saturn that my dad bought. The next one I got was a Ps2 that I got for my birthday. Then I went to pc. Then Xbox 360, and back to pc again.   Now I want another console, but I'm not quite caught up in what exactly they offer.   From the Ps2, I enjoyed games like Jak and Daxter-Jak 3(they were all completely different, imo. But I loved them all) ratchet and clank, spyro(not the shitty newer gen ones), and crash.   From the Xbox 360, I enjoyed halo 2/3, gears, and phantasy star universe. (I mostly just enjoyed the online). Oblivion and skyrim were fun too. I also like NFS games to a degree.  But yeah. Mainly what I'm looking for, in no particular order   * Decent online play(I enjoy socializing) * Good RPGs, platformers(like the ones listed above) * Local multiplayer games (this is a must, as my girlfriend likes to play with me.)  And please no "A sucks, buy B!" I want genuine opinions and facts, that's all.
[fallout: new vegas]	I'm almost done with Red Dead Redemption, and I want a new fix. Do I get Skyrim or Borderlands 2? I'd jump on Skyrim, but I'm a bit hesitant because I wasn't in love with Oblivion, and I tend to prefer guns to swords and arrows (and sci-fi to fantasy). On the other hand, Borderlands 2 is ALL ABOUT guns. It's also open world, and I loved the first one, but it's not the style of RPG i'm craving (the kind where you can customize your character and take ownership of them). To give you an idea of games I like, Fallout 3 is my favorite RPG ever, because of the awesome quests, setting, and my love of dystopian science fiction. So what should I get? 
[duke nukem]	Hi !  I'm searching for platformers I can play on free-time with my laptop (It has a 740m, so performance shouldn't be a problem). I like games that are a bit challenging and when movements feel smooth, and, not necessary but, when there's evolution between games (New weapons, stats increased, ...). I've already played:  * Spelunky * Mark of the Ninja * FEZ * Capsized * Rogue Legacy (Didn't really like it) * James Town * Volgarr the Viking * Looking forward to play Valdis Story * I've always wanted to play a game like Geometry Wars (Unfortunately, the PC one doesn't seem good, compared to the DS one)  Any suggestions ? Thanks in advance ? =)
[bioshock 1, hl2]	Hey guys, I don't normally play alot of single player games anymore due to time but I've been powering through the Metro games as my girlfriend loves to watch them because of the cinematic, movie style feel and awesome atmosphere.  Can anyone help suggest other games with similar awesome single player? Only real requirement is that it HAS to be first person, shes strict on that. Fantasy is fine, she loves to watch and play Skyrim.  Next up is probably the Stalker series as I think she'd love those (Edit: Probably half life series as well), but after that I'm dry on ideas.   Thanks for any help!
[assassins creed]	Hey all! I've posted here before and gotten great suggestions, so I figured I'd give it another shot, this time looking for a bit more relaxing of a game.  I've found that before bed, I like to game for around an hour or so. What's problematic is that I tend to play games like NBA 2k before bed and I end up having to quit the game that I'm playing due to getting tired, and then feeling like I wasted time playing (I have to play w/ 12 min quarters. It's hard to explain why). I really love strategy games, and any simulation games.   I technically could game on my desktop PC, but would rather use my laptop (even though it isn't as powerful). If there are any really great 360 games, that works as well!  Thanks!
[myst, myst]	Think of a professor layton game, minus the puzzles. I really think I would have fun solving the mysteries in professor layton if I didn't have to solve those puzzles. I also enjoyed  Noire. I loved the episode in the walking dead where you meet the family that eats people, and you don't know it yet. Deadly premonition ending (and overall) was too corny for my taste, so nothing like that. I enjoyed the frontier missions in ac3. They involved solving mysteries like the sighting of a  It turned out that the UFO just turned out to be a flag in a tree or something. I was really hoping they would go further with these missions, and that there would be something bigger at work. I also thoroughly enjoyed heavy rain.
[mario kart]	My half-brother has an Xbox 360 that I get to play with every other weekend, and I was hoping to get my own gaming console for the holidays this year, but I'm divided on which one to get.  Because of my limited console gaming, I pretty much play only COD Black Ops 2 (zombies) and GTAV when I get the chance, but in general I enjoy FPS games (mostly zombie-themed), RPGs, and driving games (like Forza), but I'm open to expanding my horizons.  I know the 360 will be much cheaper now because of all the new next gen consoles, and idk much about game availability for the PS4 or XBone anyway, and I'm not terribly concerned with the social features of the newer consoles, I just want to play games and occasionally watch Netflix if that's available.  Any opinions/help would be much appreciated.
[xcom: enemy unknown]	Just a little more to help understand:  I love games like Galactic Civilizations, but I hate that there is no tactical option.  Regarding the Total War series- Great Tactical battles, but the grand strategy piece is WAY too easy.  I'm looking for something that has the best of both worlds.  Another example of a game I almost love- Company of Heroes- I love that there is no resource management, but I hate that I have to "spawn units".  The only game that I have found that lets me play tactical battles without spawning is Combat Mission: Battle for Normandy.  One final effort to direct the PC Game Search: Something as close as possible to the simulation described in the book version of Ender's Game. 
[monster hunter 4]	Black Friday is coming up, and the PS3 and Vita sales are looking awfully tempting. I've never owned any Playstation product, so I understand there are a lot of games I've been missing out on. But I can't for the life of me decide which one to get. Here's my thought process:  **PS3**  * Tons of games. I've never experienced any of the PS3 exclusives, so it's bound to be an experience.   * The controller. Yeah, I know I could buy a controller separately and just use it with my computer. But I mean, they can go for around $50. That's practically a third of the console price. I may as well just get the console at that price range.  * Possible multiplayer. I don't usually play with people, but hey, you never know?  **Vita**  * Portability. That's a big one. I love the idea of being able to play games wherever the hell I am -- on my bed, on the couch, during trips.   * I already own a Wii and an Xbox 360. Despite the number of PS3 exclusives, I can't help but feel I'm going a bit overboard by owning every single console available. This is probably the thing that makes me lean towards the Vita the most. I can't help but feel like I'm going to get buyer's remorse the moment I get a PS3.  * Just like the PS3, games. It may have less games than the PS3, but some of the games like P4G, Danganronpa (when it comes out -- I've already played the fan translation but I really want the official localization), Borderlands 2, and some Final Fantasies I really want. I adore JRPGs, which is the main attraction of the Vita.  * The Vita has a lot more upcoming releases than the PS3 (obviously).  I've really been leaning towards the Vita, but every time I think I've made up my mind, I start thinking about Journey and Shadow of the Colossus and The Last of Us and I start second-guessing myself. Any advice? Maybe some other pros and cons that'll help tip the scale one way or the other?
[just cause 2, mirrors edge]	I've always enjoyed flying in video games, mostly those hang-gliding segments that tend to get thrown in randomly. For example, several years back I poured a bunch of hours into the creature stage in Spore because of the wings you could use. I also loved Journey for its movement, though it's far from actual flying.   I browsed through this subreddit but everyone seems to be looking for actual flight-sims to be used with a joystick. I'm looking for something much more casual, though I don't know if I can get an entire game based around this concept. I've always dreamed of a game where you had actual wings that you had to maneuver, not the F2P MMO's flight mechanics where you're  in 3d space.  TL;DR: winged flight/hang-gliding?
[the battle for wesnoth]	Could you suggest me good turn based games I could play with my friends in hot-seat or multilayer mode (indie or not)? A game like [Gorky17](http:// or the new [Shadowrun Returns](http:// would be perfect, but with multiplayer/hot-seat support. We played a tons of Heroes of M&amp;M, but a single game can take more than 4-5 hours, that is why I am searching for a simpler tactical game. (Already tried: Civ series, Disciples, King's bounty, Worms :D) Thank you for your help!
[path of exile, diablo 2]	I recently checked out Path of Exile, and just the sight of the leveling tree in that game was enough to get my pulse racing, to say nothing of the item system, but sadly, I have a 2008 Macbook (OSX  with a Windows XP bootcamp partition (both of which cannot run most modern games; the main limitation seems to be my graphics card), so I have no chance of playing it. Really, though, that's about the threshold of game that I would need to get my "fix" for a complex customizable game system. I've seen things like TES and Fallout mentioned elsewhere as "deep" systems, but really, they are the shallow end as far as what I'm looking for.   Also, if the game focuses more on winning through your ability to create a character with a coherent strategy and stats, rather than grinding levels, that is a HUGE plus! I don't want my ability to put my strategy into motion to be too limited by my patience with how long I am willing to grind pointless mobs for XP, gold, etc. No WoW silliness where the "real game" starts at level 80 and I have to slog through tedious combat to get there.  EDIT: I found a great answer to my request in another /r/gamingsuggestions thread [here](http:// The Temple of Elemental Evil is, hands down, the best D&amp;D-based video game I've played, as far as game mechanics go (possibly the best game mechanics IMO of any RPG I've played, although that does come from being a big D&amp;D fan already). The game basically IS D&amp;D , with tons of possibilities for party builds and strategies. However, it is VERY buggy, almost broken, without the fan patch at , so if anyone is interested in playing it, installing that patch is a must! As far as plot goes, its no Planescape: Torment, but still well worth the $6 on !
[gratuitous space battles, company of heroes, king's bounty, the witcher, blood bowl, blood bowl, next level, max payne, bioshock, deus ex, gogs]	First off, I know this isn't the exact place for this kinda thread, but I thought it was more suited here than /r/ShouldIbuythisgame, since well... I already have them.   Now to the library: http://   I've played a ton of them *a little* but not completed many. Here's what I know i've completed/played a lot of off the top of my head:  Awesomenauts, Bastion, Dark Souls(ARGH), Dishonored, Divekick, Just Cause 2, Saint's Row 3 and 4, Sleeping Dogs, Torchlight 2, Trine, To The Moon.  I'm open to any and all suggestions, thanks. 
[planetside 2, guild wars 2, diablo]	HI! I'm looking for a free mmo to get into that has a active community and isn't a big asian grind fest, if one even exists! Since these games are alot more fun with people if your apart of a active guild/clan then it would be great for an invite. If this helps, the last MMO i got into was Star Wars Galaxies before they made big changes about 10 years ago. Thanks!  EDIT. Thanks everyone for the game recommendations the subreddit is really helping me out. I swear reddit is quickly replacing google, except when I first google 'reddit &lt;search term&gt;' Im currently checking out RIFT. Sadly it seems the "official" Reddit RIFT guild is inactive.  I picked hailol server. My in-game character name is bixxie if anyone wants to add me im a flame cleric. 
[assassin's creed]	I just got through a demo of Assassin's Creed 1 (PS3) due to the fact that I got Assassin's Creed 2 free on Xbox a few months back. Not sure why I hadn't given this game more of a chance before now, but I really liked it.  So, can someone help me figure out which games to get a which to skip (I had heard that some were pretty bad/not as good)? Also, should I play them all on one system? I know that some things in Mass Effect 2 are based on what you did in ME1 and so forth. Does that come in to play with AC series?
[road rash]	I've never been able to find comparable new games for a few of my favorite games in the 90s and it seems like they fell into a category that no longer even exists or that just got split into simpler forms.  I'm wondering if anyone knows of any newer games that reminded them of these classics:  **The Journeyman Project** - Time travelling mystery sci-fi puzzle solving without guns  **Magic Carpet** - Flying, landscape changing, magic casting, monster fighting, flag capturing something or other  **Interstate 76** - Driving combat.  Sort of a mix of GTA and Twisted Metal
[the witcher 2, this game]	Hello friends,  I am just discovering this subreddit today. What a great idea!  Anyway, I'm looking for an RPG video game for any of these consoles, in order of preference: Xbox/360, 3/DS, PC, PS2 (edit, also N64).  I want it to be set in a fantasy/medieval/renaissance world with swords, bows &amp; arrows, castles and stuff. Dragons and magic are optional, but a-okay.  I own and love Fable 2, Skyrim, Dark Souls, Dragon Age, Ocarina of Time, Chrono Trigger.  Other less similar RPGs I love are FF7, Fallout 3 &amp; NV, BioShock &amp; Infinite, Mass Effect 1 &amp; 2 and more.  I'm looking for something open world-ish with different villages and towns to visit, similar to Dragon Age or Fable, but not quite so dark/depressing as DA:O or Dark Souls. I like the atmosphere in Zelda, Fable, FF7, Chrono Trigger where you have towns you can go where people actually like you. Think NOT Dark Souls.  Anyway, thanks for reading all this, and I hope I can get some good recommendations.
[out of the park, mass effect, fallout 3, knock out, portal 2]	Hello,  Not sure if this is the right place to post this, but I figure it couldn't hurt to ask :p. I have plenty of great games/series that I have bought, but have only played 1-2 hours of. I find myself getting bored if I'm not deeply immersed in the story, particularly if there are a lot of optional/unnecessary side quests. On the other hand, I can pick up a game like The Walking Dead and be glued to my computer all weekend. I'm usually a competitive gamer, and thus I stick to games like LoL and SC2. However, I'm looking for something to occupy my time when I'm bored of those games and have nothing else to do.  So far, I have the following on my "list":  - Mass Effect series (I'm about 3 hours in) - Fallout 3 (about 5 hours in) - AC: Revelations (2 hours in) - Portal 2 - Guild Wars 2 (I'm level 80 but haven't done all of the dungeons)  Any suggestions on which to knock out first/which have better sequels/stories?   Thanks!
[talisman digital edition , gratuitous space battles, gratuitous tank battles, xcom: enemy unknown, crusader kings 2, silent hunter ii, hearts of iron, civilization v, tropico 4 , gsb]	Hello!  My Dad just got a new Windows 8 laptop, meaning he moved on from his dying XP machine. The problem is, all his old (pre 2003) favorite games are difficult / impossible to get working on newer OSes, so I thought I'd get him some new ones.  Games he used to play:  * Tiger Woods 2003 (nightmare to get working, but he loves golf games) * MS Flight Simulator 2000 (?) (still works, but could use an upgrade) * Risk (yes, *that* Risk) * Silent Hunter I / II  The other complicating factor is that his right hand has tremors. Not too bad, we've got software to deal with it, but between that and his age his reaction times aren't good enough for many games that require it.  Any fun games you think he may enjoy?
[space battles, splinter cell, ghost recon, rainbow six]	An example of this would be the mechanics in some parts of the somewhat recent Batman games. Groups of thugs patrol a room and Batman most decide how to best take out all of them. If too many mistakes are made he will be shot. This usually involves using weapons to set up traps and such, or utilizing the environment to advantage. When a plan goes well, it can be quite satisfying.  Another excellent example is Frozen Synapse, where you make plans like: where to move your units, what to do, etc and then end your turn, executing the move.  Yet another example would be most asynchronous games, such as Hero Academy.   These types of gameplay are extremely satisfying for me and give instant gratification. There's no long playtime involved, and generally can be played whenever. Beyond that, I can plan as long as I like usually.  Browser games are fine too, I've played a few games similar to my request in my browser. Conquer Club and the like.  Thanks!
[nes]	I'm going to be getting some games on PC for my nephews and am kind of hitting dead ends. I'm shying away from steam because I don't want them to have to deal with that quite yet. Things I've seen mentioned elesewhere:  Audiosurf Kerbal Space Program scribblenauts unlimited Minecraft  I'll be holding off on Audiosurf since its steam-only as well as KSP until its a bit more complete and I can sit down and play with them. I might hold off for a little while on Minecraft just given its sucking-in nature.   I rarely play platformers, puzzle games, and point-and-click games but know there are some out there *perfect* for them. Feel free to suggest something a little too advanced-I'll have a running list of things to get them over the next few years.
[progress quest]	I'm looking for games - can be Android, iOS, Mac, or Windows - that continue while I am not actively doing something with them (so while I am offline, ark, asleep, etc.)  A farm might keep generating resources, a character might keep learning a skill, a building might continue its upgrade - that sort of thing.  I realize this criteria includes a broad range of games - from involved MMOs like EVE Online (where you still gain skill points while offline) to basic mindless fun like Cookie Clicker to the all-too-often pay2win or bot-ruined MMOs like Evony or Clash of Clans - so here's some additional guidelines/specifications to help narrow things down.  -I don't want to pay monthly for it.  I'm not against a one-time purchase of a game, but I'm not currently looking for a new pay-every-month MMO.  -I don't want to be griefed.  While some consensual PvP might be fun in the later stages of the game, I would prefer a game where I don't have to worry about getting randomly attacked.  I'm willing to tolerate some level of random attacking so long as it doesn't severely limit my ability to grow in the game - for example, losing 1/4 of a day's earnings once a day could work, losing a week's earnings would not work.  To give a bit more of an idea what I'm looking for, here's some games I've tried and what I didn't like about them (and thus why I am still looking for another game of this type.)  -Cookie Clicker is fun but largely pointless after a couple weeks.  (OK, you could argue it was pointless all along, but you get the idea - nothing much to work towards as a new goal except more heavenly chips after a few weeks.)  -Evony was fun enough (despite the ridiculous ads) up until my little town got decimated by some random other player.  It's hard for me to get excited about building up a city if I know someone else can stomp it flat while I'm asleep.  -Clash of Clans (an iOS game) is fun with a group of friends and the PvP is a bit annoying but manageable.  It starts getting to some pretty high resource requirements, obviously spurring you to either get really good at PvP to take those resources from others or pay real money and slide on in to pay2win.  -My Little Pony The Game (an iOS game, see http:// ) was kind of fun (and I do have a brony soft spot in my heart for those darned ponies) but knowing that the game can be hacked kind of saps the fun out of the game.  The prices were also fairly high for some things, a likely push to get you to pay real money for stuff (or I guess to get you to bug your parents to spend real money for stuff, given the target market of MLP :P )  So with those pieces to help guide you, what games do you think might fit what I'm looking for?
[star wars: knights of the old republic, star wars: knights of the old republic, vampire: the masquerade - bloodlines, lionheart: legacy of the crusader, dark messiah: might and magic, avadon: the black fortress, temple of elemental evil, neverwinter nights 2, dragon age: origins, legend of grimrock, might and magic 6, might and magic 7, shadowrun returns, jagged alliance 2, system shock 2, icewind dale 2, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, arx fatalis, anachronox, anachronox, geneforge, geneforge, this game, out there, out there, game over, avernum, avernum, game on]	And by new I mean something I don't have, not necessarily a recent release.  I'm on a real big RPG kick lately and want something to scratch my itch. I'm looking for a game that has **character specialisations** (as in it is viable to build your character a specific way and stick to it, or classes that are designed to be played a certain way), **large world** (in terms of lore, physical game size not so important), **replayablity** (very important, I want a game that I can play multiple times, but has some variation in the story no matter how slight), **progression** (as in upgrading your gear/abilities in a sensible way). (NOTE: Not all of these are essential)  Examples of games I've played and enjoyed: Fallout (in general), Champions of Norrath/Champions Return to Arms, Dark Souls, Baldurs Gate: Dark Alliance 2, Mount and Blade: Warband, TES Morrowind + Oblivion, Dark Cloud/Dark Chronicle (PAL DC2).  And please, do not suggest Skyrim, I have it, it doesn't do it for me.  Thanks in advance guys.
[risk of rain, roguelike, lol]	I am looking to play a game with my brother and friends however I don't want it to be a game that I have to spend hours playing. Basically these are the characteristics I'm looking for  *Free, or at least no monthly charge *online *Team based *doesn't require a lot of time *Not too graphics intensive *Played on computer  Games I've played: maplestory, soldier front, gunbound, WOW, diablo II, combat arms, runescape, COD games, HALO series, Minecraft, and probably more, just can't remember.  Thanks and when you give a suggestion could you please just give a brief summary of what the game is about?  
[killing floor]	Hi, I've been looking through the steam sale catalog and I'm having a hard time deciding on which co-op zombie game to purchase.  Currently on sale there's Left for Dead 2, Contagion, Killing Floor, and then there's the free to play No More Room in Hell.  All their reviews seem positive and I can't really tell much of a difference between them.  Can someone help me pick out a good zombie co-op game that has both solid gameplay and a large enough community of players where I won't have a hard time finding games to join?  UPDATE: So I purchased the L4D2 4 pack that was on sale for $30 and gifted a couple to my friends.  I had my reservations at first since the game is so old but I have to say I was surprised by all the extra add-ons, maps, and game modes that the community has provided to keep this game feeling fresh.  My friends and I are having a blast with this game.  Thanks again for all the tips and suggestions. I leave you with the Shaun of the Dead jukebox scene: https://
[dragon age origins, aarklash legacy, baldur's gate, drakensang, drakensang]	 Looking for a squad based RPG or Strategy game for the PC, or a game that lets you have followers that you can customize (Like Skyrim). Nothing with turn based combat please. I've played Dragon Age Origins and Dragon Age 2. I'm not interested in dragons dogma. I was looking at Baldurs gate enhanced edition but it looks very dated.  I've thought about getting Mass Effect, Is it worth getting all 3 games or should I only get a couple of them? Also are there any MMO's that have squads, as in you play as more than one character?  Turn based games are not my thing, I've looked at some of the big ones like X-com but I don't think I'd be able to enjoy them. But since most squad based games are turn based I'll give your suggestions a look if you think the game is very good.
[this game]	I just purchased my first handheld since the original Gameboy (not even the Color one) and have gone with the 3DS XL, and I'm now going through Gamerankings and trying to figure out what I want to try.  I am new to handheld gaming, so basically it's a completely fresh slate and I'm learning what's out there as I go.  I've made a list and so far **the only game I've purchased is Fire Emblem: Awakening.**  In putting together my list I've been looking for games that have been rated highly that fit the genres I enjoy, but still fit my personal tastes.  So no Pokemon, not many Mario/Zelda titles (they all feel the same to me), and definitely not something that just sinks time like Animal Crossing with no ending.  From the list, it seems pretty clear my favourite genres are **JRPG, SRPG, Puzzle, Metroidvania**, then with the odd extra title in there if it was well reviewed.  Here's my lists of games I think I might like to play through at some point:  **3DS**  * Fire Emblem: Awakening (2012) - 92% * Etrian Odyssey IV: Legends of the Titan (2013) - 85% * Etrian Odyssey Untold: The Millennium Girl (2013) - 83% * Shin Megami Tensei IV (2013) - 84% * Super Mario 3D Land (2011) - 90% * Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon (2013) - 86% * The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds (2013) - 91% * Kid Icarus: Uprising (2012) - 85% * Cave Story 3D (2011) - 83% * Pushmo (2011) - 91% * Crashmo (2012) - 87% * Steamworld Dig (2013) - 83% * Professor Layton and the Miracle Mask (2012) - 83% * Professor Layton and the Azran Legacy (2013) - 81% * Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney - Dual Destinies (2013) - 83% * Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward (2012) - 87% * Resident Evil: Revelations (2012) - 83%  **DS**  * Radiant Historia (2010) - 85% * The World Ends With You (2007) - 88% * Dragon Quest IX: Sentinels of the Starry Skies (2009) - 88% * Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Survivor (2009) - 84% * Advance Wars: Dual Strike (2005) - 90% * Advance Wars: Days of Ruin (2008) - 85% * Castlevania: Dawn of Sorrow (2005) - 90% * Castlevania: Portrait of Ruin (2006) - 85% * Castlevania: Order of Ecclesia (2008) - 85% * Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box (2007) - 85% * Professor Layton and the Curious Village (2008) - 86% * Professor Layton and the Unwound Future (2008) - 87% * Professor Layton and the Last Specter (2009) - 84% * Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney (2005) - 83% * Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Justice for All (2007) - 78% * Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Trials and Tribulations (2007) - 81% * Apollo Justice: Ace Attorney (2007) - 78% * Ace Attorney Investigations: Miles Edgeworth (2009) - 79% * Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective (2010) - 85% * Mario &amp; Luigi: Bowser's Inside Story (2009) - 91% * Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors (2009) - 83%  We all know though that sometimes a game doesn't rate well with critics but is a fantastic experience and over time is considered a gem by the players.  **So here's my question:**  Based on the genres and games that I think I will enjoy from the list above, what games should I really consider checking out?  If they were not rated very high by critics, why do you think the game is far better than they gave it credit for?  My thinking on this is that there are games like Tales of the Abyss, Rune Factory 4, Shin Megami Tensei: Overclocked, etc, that got decent reviews but not in the 80%+ level like these titles, so I don't want a good experience to fall through the cracks.  Thanks a lot!
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r., borderlands 2]	Oblivion, Skyrim, FC3, Minecraft and FO3 are all games I've spent dozens (or 100+) of hours on. But now I'm pretty much done with them for a long time, I've just played them to death. I'm looking for something that's somewhat similar in one way or another.  This is going to be a fairly long post. I'll try starting every paragraph with the most crucial info. You don't have to read it all, just do some skimming. :)  * I like exploration, where Oblivion probably wins, because Skyrim, Far Cry and FO3 have nice worlds, but they're all the same all over. Mountains and desert, jungle and jungle, wasteland and wasteland... it'd be nice with some more variation.  * I like building stuff. Minecraft has served me well, and as a coder, ComputerCraft added quite a few hours after I got bored messing with redstone by itself. Now, however... I think I'm done with it for a long time. I've tried getting into some FTB, but found it didn't really tickle my fancy enough to justify studying all those mods and new mechanics.  * I like magic. Oblivion had some really boring effects, but the spell creation was cool - in fact, a more 'significant'/strategic twist on this would be awesome. Skyrim had better effects, but the spells themselves weren't too interesting.  * I like guns (but gameplay should be magic-based *or* gun-based, I'm not too fond of the combination) and loved Far Cry 3's variety and customization. I particularly like suppressed guns for some reason, they just feel awesome. Fallout 3 ticked me off a bit here, since even sniper rifles were less accurate than spitting watermelon seeds - I was also not too fond of having to constantly repair everything. Realistic ballistics etc. not required, but doesn't hurt either, I guess.  I hope this serves as some kind of pointer as to things I might find interesting. I'm pretty picky, but any on-topic answer is very welcome. :)  **TLDR**; just read the first couple of words in each paragraph.  I don't own any consoles.
[diablo ii, starcraft, starcraft, sci-fi]	StarCraft, Warcraft, or Diablo? I never played any but I want to experience the games. I don't have a lot of time for video games right now otherwise I would just play them all. So if I don't have a lot of time to dedicate, and only had to pick one, which one would it have to be? Why?  I am probably only going to play the campaign to have played and felt the game. Multiplayer is unconfirmed but may very possibly happen (I'm trying to be honest here). But if I am mainly concerned about just playing the game to have experienced it, what would be your recommendations in going about this? I am leaning towards StarCraft because I like Sci-Fi I think a little more than Fantasy. And I think it also looks cooler than Diablo. But my order would have to be StarCraft&gt;Warcraft&gt;Diablo.  What of this do you guys think? I don't know much about any game, so please feel free to inform me more on that. For the most part, I look at it this way: Each are RTS's made by one company, so the gameplay is very similar (if not nearly the same?) One is themed Sci-Fi, one Fantasy, and one Dark/Hellish. Please discuss main comparisons and contractions. Thank you very much.  Once again, where would you start? Better yet (and more realistically), if you had to pick one, which one would it be? Looking to play mainly the campaign and possibly a little bit of multiplayer. Just wondering to hear experienced opinions in cutting time and only spending time on the most important/preferred game and how to find it. Thanks again.
[deus ex: human revolution, mass effect, mass effect, kotor]	Hey all, I'm really in the mood to play a game like Mass Effect, with a large, space based environment and comparable graphical quality. I can't seem to find anything like it. I really love space based games with great graphics. Does anyone have any suggestions? If there's nothing just like Mass Effect, I'm open to other space based games, but nothing too old. I just got a new monitor and I'm really enjoying playing graphically intense games. Thanks /r/gamingsuggestions.  BTW - Yes, I have played Mass Effect 2 + 3 and yes I have played all the Dead Spaces.
[cave story, metroid]	So I decided to get a 1-month trial of GameFly. However, I don't play video games for hours every day, so I didn't want to get something like GTA V or a JRPG because it could take me a month or more to beat those. I want a short game I can beat in like a week to get as much from this trial as I can. I'd like to beat like 4-5 short games using my GameFly trial.  I only have a 360 and 3DS that I can use.   For help, here's some games that felt fairly short and I really loved.   **Already played and loved:** Batman Arkham Asylum, Portal 1&amp;2, Super Mario 3D Land, 999 (DS), Halo series, and Platformers, FPS, and cinematic games in general.   **What are some really great games with *short*, awesome campaigns?**  THANKS for any help. :)
[my friends]	I'm looking for a survival game that allows me to build structures like in Don't Starve or in *Minecraft*. I'm fine with either survival games that have set structures, like in *Don't Starve*, or you can build whatever, like in *Minecraft*. I own both games, I'm just looking for others. I know *The Stomping Grounds* is a survival builder, but I don't think I can download that quite yet. It looks really good. I was wondering if *Sir, You are Being Hunted* was what I was looking for, I didn't see any clear cut answers.
[killing floor, sniper elite, this game, guess it]	So I purchased the L4D2 4 pack that was on sale for $30 and gifted a couple to my friends. I had my reservations at first since the game is so old but I have to say I was surprised by all the extra add-ons, maps, and game modes that the community has provided to keep this game feeling fresh.   Original Post: http://  My friends and I are having a blast with this game. Thanks again for all the tips and suggestions. I leave you with the Shaun of the Dead jukebox scene: https://
[battlefield 4]	My two best friends and I just bought Xbox Ones.  This is how we stay in touch; we used to all be neighbors years ago, and now we're spread out throughout the country.   We're looking for a game that we can all 3 play.  We're into shooters, though more into the futuristic stuff generally -- On the 360 we played Gears, Halo, and the occasional Borderlands together.  We've all preordered Destiny, and will probably be preordering the next Halo and Titanfall very soon.  But those are later, and not right now.   We're pretty much down to deciding whether we'll play BF4 or CoD: Ghosts while waiting for the spring.     Our experience with either franchise is minimal, and not very recent (and in the battlefield experience, non-console -- we played BF1942 on the PC).     We're really not VERY interested in joining the massive online games; we will do so on occasion, but generally we like to call each other names instead of hearing it from the younger, more skilled generation. We're more looking for coop story OR multiplayer play that we can fill with bots.  I understand coop story will be poor and short AT BEST... I'm no fool, I know these games are designed around the MP experience, but I can't tell whether these games offer play vs. bots or whether we HAVE to join the masses?   So yes, here's where I need Reddit's help.  I realize what I'm saying may sound crazy because we're not going to be "getting the most" out of the game, but nothing else seems to appeal to all 3 of us simultaneously\*, right now.   \*If I could just get my west-coast friend to like FIFA, we'd be set and I wouldn't post this question...
[to the moon]	I've been mostly focusing on short games lately as that lets me get through a complete story arc quickly rather than spending dozens of hours grinding through something, and I'd rather see more games than more of a single game.  I'm mostly interested in games that take &lt;6 hours to beat, ideally 1-3.  Games I own and have enjoyed that are &lt;6 hours:  Bastion   Braid   Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons   Dear Esther   Gone Home   Hotline Miami   Offspring Fling   Papers, Please   Papo &amp; Yo   Portal   Spec Ops: The Line   Super Hexagon   The Stanley Parable   Thomas Was Alone    I don't really care about the genre, and tend to favor games with unique mechanics or interesting stories (although admittedly that seems to be the type of games that are developed that are this length).  Any help will be greatly appreciated!
[shadow of the colossus, myst online: uru live, colossus collection, capture the flag, littlebigplanet, rollercoaster, this game, this game, this game, minecraft, minecraft, teamspeak, know how, endgame, ico, lol]	My cousin is 13 years old, so not quite little, but definitely little to a college student like me. And while this aunt of mine is of course having my cousin concentrate ALL THE TIME on school, baseball, piano, and other worldly activities, I can't help but feel that she is sometime over-bearing with her guidance. Hell, I'll just say it: she's freakin' tyrannical sometimes. For example, just this summer when my cousin was done with school, my Aunt was already looking for math drills and examples two days into summer vacation.  Why do I present this anecdote? My little cousin is being stuffed with these strict activities. He is gonna be smart, he is gonna be successful, he is gonna do great things, sure. I don't fear that. What I do fear is him not having enough decompression time.  He finds solace in video games! And solace in me whenever I come back to my hometown where he lives (I'm at college, so I see him during the holidays and a handful of times through out the year). I can tell he could use an outlet more than just the game. He could use me: an older cousin who can chat with him as he grows older into his teens. My aunt will only get more overbearing. Loving, yes, but still overbearing sometimes.  She allows him to play video games when he's all done with that day's work, but they must be safe games. No shooters or fighting games; imagine her constantly looking over his shoulder to either approve or disapprove the content. For example, Minecraft would be safe and work. Something that would require coordination via voice, as well. Torchlight 2 comes to mind and World of Warcraft as well, but I would rather not pay monthly play. Portal 2 would be nice, but doesn't have longevity.  **tl;dr** What online co-op or multiplayer game is visually safe for me and my little cousin to play that also necessitates voice chat?
[tales of vesperia, tales of graces, final fantasy, final fantasy, star ocean 2, ni no kuni]	I am playing Ni No Kuni right now and am loving it. I may be a wanker but I also enjoy the strategy guide that goes with it because I can find stuff more easily. I own a ps3/xbox360/pc and am looking for another JRPG for after I finish this one. I own Lost Odyssey and all the Final Fantasies. If it is on the ps4/xboxone I am willing to consider picking one up for playing the game. I would also like the option to get a strategy guide to assist in finding hard to find items as I work 40+ hours a week and have a young child.   Thank you for any time anyone has to spare and give recommendations. 
[assassin's creed, trials evolution]	Hi guys,  I was talking to my dad the other day about gaming and whether or not he still played since he now mostly lives alone, and he said he hadn't seen a game he'd actually *wanted* to play in ages, since 'Prince of Persia Sands of Time'. I thought it would be nice to get him a game or two for xmas, and was wondering if anyone could help with ideas. I think the fact that he hasn't seen a game he wanted to buy is mostly a question of exposure and the ones advertised on french TV are all going to be CoD or FIFA...  A bit of background info: my memories of gaming with him are Star Wars Rogue Squadron (pc) and Star Wars Podracer before Prince of Persia. He's patient, I think he got all gold medals on Rogue Squadron and finished  for example so he is actually good at it too. He said games these days are all about "shooting monsters" and that's not what he's into.   I was thinking of getting him either a solid single player game and maybe the original Guild Wars series since I still play it and it would be nice to be able to play with him sometimes since we have trouble staying in touch. Or good online coop games but I thought I could use some advice from other gamers and maybe from some who have managed to reignite that spark after a few years of nothing.  Thank you !
[plain sight]	So me and some friends have an issue. Most of us play Eve Online together, but there are a lot of downtimes where we lost interest for a few weeks. During those times, we run into an issue. We all love playing together, pew pewing other people/creatures/whatever, but we split off into two groups outside of Eve. A couple of us play Dota 2, which is a turn of for the others due to the high stress, and a few others play War Thunder, which is a turn off the some other people because of the grinding and freemium play.   So what I'm looking for is a game 6ish people can play together, that is not freemium, that can hold the attention of everybody playing it, without being crazy hard or stressful. Maybe that's a tall order, but I figured I'd ask around.   Edit: I should add we are only looking for PC games, and we are looking for games with a LOT of replayability. 
[tropico 4 ]	During the sales I saw AoE II HD and got cought in a moment of nostalgia. Having played it now for a bit I still love that game but I have the same problem that I have had with RTS games for all my life.   I'm too stupid to succeed in micromanagement. I still enjoy building my base but my only way of actually winning is making this huge army after I've gather all the resources and then finish all enemies with one hit without ever visiting their base earlier.   Now, what I'm looking for are, as the title says, simulation games or RTS games that are not really combat focused. What comes to mind is the newest Sim City game, which I refuse to buy until it's incredibly cheap because of EA's business model with that game. Then, all I can think of are older titles.   I can't get around the future setting of the newest Anno, loved the old ones though. Settler 6 was awesome, I loved that game so much. It was so beautiful and building your own city was so much fun. Settler 7, not so much.  And then there is my favourite RTS series of all time. The games from Impressions Games: Caesar, Pharaoh, Zeus and (I love this game so much) Emperor: Rise of the Middle Kingdom.  Unfortunatly, Emperor isn't optimized for newer machines and the resolution somewhat kills it for me but it's still fun to dip into from time to time. But I don't want to constantly sit on some old games no one plays anymore.   So, in conclusion, are there any modern Simulation or RTS games that have almost no combat?  Thanks for any suggestion.
[neverwinter nights, baldur's gate , icewind dale, icewind dale, nwn]	Is there a game where you can collect magic spells/abilities/powers? Like everyone starts off with no magic then you can choose what kind of magic/spells/abilities you wanna start collecting but you're also not locked in into one kind. Like say everyone has 20 spell/magic/ability slots, but you can choose to get all fire spells, or ice spells or 10 fire 10 ice, summoning spells, healing spells, weapon spells and etc. and any combination thereof...   Any game that has this this kind of character development mechanic? Or anything close?
[devil may cry, ninja gaiden, brick wall]	In many games you die a lot and reload. Games like Dishonored, Half-Life, Metro:LL. If you were to record this it wouldn't look very impressive. But after doing an area a few times you finally get it right, kill the guards how you wanted to and then move to the next area.  What if the game recorded each attempt as you played and added it to a massive game recording which was saved. If you die and reload, the game would erase your last save's attempt and re-record. If you successfully made it to the next area (a checkpoint system might be the easiest way to implement this, like Metro), it would save the recording and add it to the "Full Game" replay.  So by the end of the game, you would be able to watch yourself play through the game, but each recording would be your best attempts which were successful, not the ones were you had to reload.  Does this description make sense? I think it would be a really cool idea. If you think about it, in the game world the only runs you do were the ones that were successful, but you never get to experience these 1 after another because of all your attempts which failed.
[weird worlds: return to infinite space, starpoint gemini, alpha build, space games, freelancer, freelancer, star wars, roguelike, roguelike]	I'd like to see a game that is based on space exploration and problemsolving more than blowing stuff to pieces. I've been playing Fallout NV recently, but it just doesn't scratch that itch. Mucking about with Kerbal Space Program is awesome, but something on a larger scale would be very interesting. The ideal game that I can think of is Star Control 2. It had combat, exploration, diplomacy, multiple solutions to problems, some problems that couldnt' be solved,   Even more ideal would be a co-op exploration game, players having different responsibilities on a ship. Kinda like a multiplayer version of FTL. Is there something like that out there? That's good...
[long live the queen, planescape torment , adventure games, sleeping dogs, the witcher 2, tomb raider]	This is for PC only. Second of all, please no 2D/sidescrollers/hack and slash/or games with birds eye POVs, such as The Binding of Isaac. I personally just don't these style of games.  I'm looking for a game that has a totally engaging storyline. Anything from Telltale I've played, but their The Walking Dead is probably the best example I can think of. Gone Home is another great example.  I'm a massive fan of JRPGs too, even though there is a far limited amount of them on PC. And please don't say The Last Remnant.
[team fortress 2, counter strike]	Hi guys, I am looking for a third or first person shooter that my laptop can handle. I am a long time console gamer and was an avid CoD and BF player but I am slowly switching to PC. I've also played my fair share of Borderlands and Fallout. I'm trying to stray away from CoD and BF for PC because I don't think my processor could run them effectively and they are somewhat spendy. I'm hoping to find something free or under $20 with a somewhat active community.   My laptops current specs are: Intel Core 2 Duo P7350 (, 4GB RAM, ATI Mobility Radeon HD 4570 (512MB). I have been able to run games such as Everquest2, League of Legends, and Chivalry pretty easily. I was looking into the DayZ mod for Arma II when it was on sale but couldn't pull the trigger because it said my laptop failed the minimum requirements. Unfortunately my processor seems to be what's holding me back.   Thanks in advance guys! 
[big rigs: over the road racing]	My boyfriend enjoys a good bad game so I want to get him a couple for a laugh this Christmas. Just looking for bad games, preferably they could be weird concepts, terrible physics, hilarious voice acting, or any other thing that would work. Anything that makes you go, how the hell did this get made or just wtf in general. Looking for physical, not digital releases. Prefer older games if possible.   We have PC, PS1, PS2, PS3, PS4, Wii, WiiU, Gamecube, N64, and Sega Dreamcast, Saturn, Megadrive and CD. Thank you in advance!
[alan wake]	There's been a lot of great games that have come out for these consoles and unfortunately with limited time and resources I haven't gotten to play most of them. I'm looking for any good games that have come out for the Xbox and the 360 in it's entire history. Off the top of my head I've played Fallout 3,  Borderlands, Saint's Row, Halo, Batman Arkham City, Assassin's Creed, Gears of War, Dark Souls, and Dragon Age (mostly 360 games).  I'm currently planning on picking up Ninja Gaiden 1 &amp; 2 as well as Tales of Vesperia.  Any more suggestions? Thanks!
[dark souls, dark souls]	I'm trying to catch up on some podcasts and I love to listen to them while I'm gaming.  Some recent favorites I've played to are Dungeons of Dredmor, Risk of Rain, Desktop Dungeons, and Steamworld Dig.  I'm also probably gonna start BGII Enhanced Edition soon, but I'm not sure if I want to turn down the sound/music for that one.  Roguelikes/dungeon crawlers are typically pretty fun for me...something that I can kind of zone out while playing and just listen to some podcasts instead.  Any suggestions?  Edit:  Oh, PC only!
[ghost recon future soldier, graw]	Back when I played my xbox, I enjoyed playing GRAW 2 (Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter) with my friends (as it had splitscreen available even for online).   I enjoyed:   * the variety of guns (LMG, SMG, assault rifles, snipers, etc.),   * the customization (rate of fire, prone/crouch/stand, scope/zoom/hip-fire, camo)  * many game-types: control-type, deathmatches (FFA/team), campaign missions, onslaught (waves of enemy came off, you had to survive them for a set amount of time), etc.  * teamwork (spotting targets, not being able to lone-wolf it like in CoD),   * realism (you couldn't take 200 bullets and live, a health system)   * overall polish (offline wasn't entirely useless, griefers were few/far between, balanced).   I think the only gripe I really had with GRAW 2 was that there was a bit of time spent in lobbies between games, though it wasn't enough to stop me from enjoying the game.   If somebody could suggest anything similar on the PC, as I'd rather not pay for xbox live anymore, it'd be greatly appreciated.   Edit: Would ARMA 2 fit the bill?
[rise of nations]	I'd like to find a game that provides the kind of realism of raising a country of your own, but progresses faster than Civilization. Preferably an RTS as well.  My reasoning is that I'm not the type to sit down and play a single game for weeks, and I'm not really a fan of turn-based strategy except in Final Fantasy. So, basically, I don't have the required patience for Civilization, and would like to find something that's like it but progresses better and wastes less of my time.  I want to raise a very large country, build relationships with other empires, and maybe have a huge war or two, all within 6 hours of playing. I want to simply go in knowing what I want to create and create it quickly.  Any suggestions?  Thanks.
[star wars, dnd]	One of my favorite things about gaming is the presence it can provide while playing. You can feel like you are the character, and when it comes to open world games, you can imagine the entire map just by thinking about it. I love to explore. I've noticed a lot of people here also love open world games, and they ask for them all the time, but, the problem is, I need a storyline to follow in this world. I can't handle open world games that don't care for their story. For example, even though Fallout 3 has the much more interesting world, it doesn't hold a candle to Fallout New Vegas because of the story, at least for me. I've also played through Skyrim and Oblivion, which were both okay, but I feel the main questline could really use some work. I have Witcher 2, but I haven't gotten around to playing it because I hear a lot of people saying the story isn't good. I will someday get around to playing things like Baldur's Gate 2 and Planescape, don't worry!  I also am heavily in love with the future, so if it can be futuristic, that would be nice, but I'm willing to play games based in the present and past. Also, I play on pc only. Edit: I just recently played Sleeping Dogs, and it was amazing. Can't believe I forgot to mention that!
[sword of the stars: the pit, dungeons of dredmor, mass effect, star wars, star wars]	I've had a laptop with Intel graphics and an Xbox 360 for almost a decade now. Today, my new laptop is coming in with an i7, 8GB of RAM, and a mid-range graphics card. It's projected to run current games at medium/low settings, but I'm more interested in the PC games I've missed over the last decade and a half.  Some games I've enjoyed to give you an idea:  360 - Red Dead Redemption, Fallout 3 &amp; NV, Skyrim, Deus Ex HR  PC - Deus Ex, Vampire Bloodlines Masquerade, Fallout 1 &amp; 2  I like open world games with action, adventure, and/or RPG elements mashed together. Any ideas?
[the binding of isaac, rogue legacy, castlevania]	Looking for some indie games that may have flown under the radar, or got swept under the carpet after their initial concept or Kickstarter.  I've played a lot of great indie games lately, including but not limited to:  * Minecraft * Rogue Legacy * Terraria * Starbound * Hammerwatch * Dungeon Defenders * Torchlight I and II * Natural Selection 2 * Super Meat Boy  As you can probably tell by my list, I am particularly interested in games with RPG mechanics, action battle systems, procedural generation, etc.  I'm particularly looking for stuff that's been released in the past year or so, but I'd love to hear about some games that have been out for a while but have been somewhat unnoticed.  Just curious to see what's out there!  Thanks.
[dragon age: origins, the walking dead, adventure games, fallout 3]	I've become bored with gaming. I used to pour hours into WoW a day before eventually developing an on and off again relationship with it for some years.  Since my WoW phase, I've never really been able to get into any game, whether it be online or single-player - the last game I remember being able to capture me was Dota 2.  So now whenever I try and play a new game, I the same thoughts and actions always occur: I think that it's not 'progressing' towards anything as a whole which can be marveled at (something I was massive on in MMO's) to which I then promptly quit to desktop.  So, I'm not sure If I need to change my ideology towards gaming, or if I'm not playing the right games, or even that I'm not accommodating them correctly with my lifestyle. I think I generally need to feel as if what I'm playing is more than a game, as to take it to a competitive level.     **TL;DR** I've become bored with gaming as a whole due to previous experiences with MMO's, suggest me some ideas - however, I have played a large variety of games, so your suggestions may be needless.
[ffxiv]	I'm already planning on buying FFXIV, since it's pretty cheap right now.  I'm looking for two games, the first one, a good JRPG for the PS3, something with a story that isn't too cliche would be nice.  as for the second one, I'm looking for a first person JRPG, the emphasis being **J**RPG, so I want the whole shebang, big eyes, soft faces, crazy hair colors, huge swords; all the classic japanese visuals seen trough a first person perspective.   (if PC, then not too system intensive, at most I can run Fallout NV)
[liberal crime squad, dwarf fortress, dungeon crawl, unreal world, nethack, nethack]	What I mean by storytelling is not how well it's written - rather, a game that lets the users create his or her own story that provides fun commentary. Basically, a game where you can check out its subreddit and read all the crazy shenanigans that people get themselves into.  Some other games that come to mind are Real Lives 2007, EVE Online, Kerbal Space Program, Mount &amp; Blade and maybe Prison Architect or Papers Please (I haven't played those two yet).  [Edit] Thanks for the suggestions! Since the rogue likes come highly recommended I think I'll start with one of those those first. Though I haven't decided which one. I'll also definitely check out The Sims 3 when I get the chance.
[shadow of the colossus]	I'm tired of general high fantasy settings, which were somewhat off-putting for me in Oblivion and Skyrim (although Blackreach is just &lt;3). I really enjoyed the variety Morrowind had to offer, going from swamps to the Ashlands, although the rolling hills in the Grazelands were refreshing every once in a while.  Games that appealed to me in that manner would also include Fallout (played all of them to my contentment), Earthbound, Shadowrun Returns (not as open as I'd like), and Proteus (I suppose that clashes with my original comment to some degree).
[beyond: two souls, heavy rain, heavy rain, heavy rain, heavy rain, heavy rain, pop up]	I played the demo and it seemed like the best game ever, but after looking at a few reviews, it seems that it might be deceiving me about the actual quality of the game (as demos tend to do) so I'd like to know from people who've actually played it, if it delivers on the things I'm looking for.  * Good voice acting.   * Good dialogue writing.   * A Great Story.   * Many different endings.   * very cinematic gameplay, without menus or HUDs.    * Replay value, especially to find new ways the story can develop.   * 30 hours per playtrough.  I've heard this game being unfavorably compared to Heavy Rain (I think they where made by the same studio), do you think I should pick that up instead?
[antichamber]	I really want to give him a fun game that is also mentally stimulatiing now that he is retired. He has always been into slightly strategic games (avid chess player) and he has completed classic games like Lemmings and Chip in the past. He also tried Portal 2 and quite liked it.  He has a Steam account, but hasn't been using it a lot, but I thought it might be cool to get him one or two games he can try out. Not too childish and not too complicated in terms of controls, please.  So far I have been looking into "The Ball" and "Quantum Conundrum", but I am looking for more suggestions and recommendations. Thanks a bunch!!  
[fallout 3]	As the title says, but there is one problem: I sometimes become overwhelmed by the amount of content in such games. For example, I tried Skyrim, but there was so much stuff, I didn't know what to do with it all, resulting in not doing anything with it, resulting in not playing the game any further. I do like experimenting however. Crafting your own weapons etc.   I don't want everything to be too complex. I'm not interested in investing a lot of time in learning everything about a game.  PS: I already have Minecraft, if you were thinking of that.
[assassin's creed]	After playing the naval parts of Assassin's Creed 3, I really want to play a pirate game, but I can't find a good one. Can somebody recommend one? Any system, any price, even mods.  Edit: Thanks for all the suggestions guys! Really super helpful.  And since people seem to be a bit snarky about it. Yes, I have thought of Assassin's Creed Four (Hell if I look up "Pirate Video Game" it is my second result under the wiki for pirate video games.). It's kind of the whole setting behind it. I just don't want to believe it's the only one out there and whenever I try to look for more I end up on Sid Meier's Pirates. There might be many that just don't show up highly on search results.
[kerbal space program, europa universalis, crusader kings , hearts of iron, call of duty, garry's mod, medieval 2, minecraft, minecraft, total war, bioshock]	I'm not even exaggerating. I haven't had a current-gen decent-to-high-end GPU since around 1999.   Not counting a brief but terribly-laggy run with Diablo III when it came out for old times sake and playing Minecraft (also laggy) with my daughter... I haven't played any computer games at all really since the days of Half-Life, Black &amp; White, etc.   I've literally missed out on a decade of good titles. But! I just put a GTX 770 in my new machine and I'm ready to catch up!  So, with that in mind... I'm open to *any* suggestions. What, when viewed through the lens of the present, is worth while from the last 13 years or so? While I like open-world games (I have played SKyrim on the xbox 360 and loved it), god games (black &amp; white was one of my favorites), and FPSes (I almost failed out of college thanks to massive Half Life LAN tourneys), I'm open to anything.   What are the gems of 2000-1013 that you think I missed out on?
[anachronox]	I've come to love KOTOR. I used to hate them and stopped playing them after trying them for about 5 minutes, but now that I've picked them up again... WOW!   The best thing about them, IMO, is the dialogue, moral choices and actual roleplaying ( hacking, rerouting computers, etc...) you're given. The combat isn't that bad, but that's not really what I'm interested in, hence why "no Mass Effect": the story is great as well, but the series spends a lot of its time on Combat, and very little on side-actions (hacking, crafting, etc...)  I'm thinking that "older" RPG's will be the kind of games that you guys will suggest, and that's awesome! ... but I'm very bad with isometric, top-down games ( like Neverwinter, or Dragon Age ).  Thanks in advance :)
[papers, please]	So I have a particular interest in games with uniques stories. To this end I've played games such as Analogue: A Hate Story, The Walking Dead, To The Moon, Dear Esther, and many more. A good story can get me through almost any game.   I also have a particular interest in game mechanics which offer something extremely unique. In this respects I've played games such as Mark of The Ninja, Receiver, Hotline Miami, and a number of gimmicky puzzler type games.   Does anybody have any good examples of games that have elements of both? The best example I can think of is Portal at the moment, but even smaller innovations such as Bastion are suggestions that will be appreciated.   For the most part, I'd like to keep it on PC, but am also open to emulation. I have a PS3 as well, but its almost dead and runs most games poorly.   Heres my [Steam Library](http://, although I have a large number of games that aren't visible here as well.    Edit: I'm not a nut about keeping it on Steam. Desura titles are also welcome, as well as games that are only available DRM-Free  **TL:DR Unique story, and unique gameplay all in one game, is what I'm looking for. Examples above.**
[age of wonders: shadow magic, heroes of might and magic, strategy games]	So, I've got 15 dollars. There's a lot of things on Steam currently on sale (more when the Winter Sale gets here).  I like FPS games, but I've already got all the Counter-Strike games, and I can't run Rekoil. I'd prefer something with Aiming Down Sights for a change. I tried No More Room in Hell, and it's amazing (and free) but I'm looking for more PvP-oriented games. I used to play Arctic Combat, but that was shut down :c  Not a huge fan of Singleplayer RPGs. I much prefer playing with friends, unless it's **really** good. Magicka was good, and I'm currently playing through Borderlands 2 with my brother and loving it. I think the only singleplayer cRPGs I've enjoyed are the Mount &amp; Blade games (maybe Bastion, if that counts).  I'm into Strategy games, but more like Stronghold than Starcraft/Age of Empires, if that makes any sense. Also a fan of the Civilization series, but Civ V left a bad taste in my mouth. I own all the Paradox Grand Strategy games (CK2 being my favorite).  So, basically: PvP FPS games, Co-Op RPGs, relaxed Strategy games.  Oh, and it'd need to run on a low-mid range PC. I realize I'm asking for a lot, but really I'm not coming up with anything.  [Here's my Steam Library](http://
[get home]	I usually roam this subreddit so I can differ redditors to this amazing game I've been playing (sometimes on and off, sometimes religiously) made by a couple of German university students in like 2000-2001.   To start off: Illarion is a roleplaying enforced online game. It's set in the traditional medieval fantasy setting, and is full of magic and the classic medieval fantasy races: elves, dwarves, orcs, halflings, and of course, humans!   The world (which is persistent and clay-like to the players; the players can form and change the way of the world) right now just underwent the wrath of the gods. Specifically, a very large isle named Gobiath (old place where the pre VBU [very big update; update that occurred earlier this year that changed the graphics, skills, interface, etc of the game] Illarion took place), where the isle itself was sent aflame, demons were let loose, horrors leaped out from the shadows and consumed it in fiery flames.   The people of Gobiath then had to relocated to the mainland, named Illarion. Many of the inhabitants of Gobiath were already people born and partially raised on Illarion, so many comfortably sank back into old towns and such, but changes have been brought to the old mainland. Three main towns have consolidated power in the mainland:   -Runewick (land of the elves, halflings, and any other person of any race who values knowledge, wisdom, or crafts and simple livings)  -Cadomyr (land of the humans, lizards, orcs, and any other person of any race who values courage, bravery, servitude and honor)  -Galmair (land of the dwarves, humans, and any other person of any race who values pragmatism, wealth, crafts, hardwork, or... shady operations)  The three towns are in a tug-of-war between themselves and the power they've consolidated.    And that's where the official story of the game has left off! As you can see, there is a LARGE history to the game, with it being when the isle of Gobiath was first colonized, to its destruction and the removal of its people, and now of the people back on the mainland.   If you're not already intrigued: guess what? A good majority of the players aren't even fighters! There's so many non-combat classes, but to name a few:  -Alchemist -Druid -Doctor/Healer/Witch-doctor/What-have-ye -Woodsman/Lumberjack -Craftsman (Cook, baker, carpenter, tailor, brewer, farmer, smith, miner, so on) -Priest -Scholar/Scholar mage -Merchant -Bard/Musician  And those are /only/ the classes that are "normally seen/used". There's literally anything you can be. My old viking character? He's met a scaly, lizard bartender; he's met an elven bodyguard, he's met human diplomats from the mainland, he's met deranged doctors who would secretly poison their patients!   My halfling? He's met a barber who would steal his customer's purse while he shaved them, he's met a trio of musicians looking to make coin, he's met a hermit, beggars, an old retired warrior who was handicapped, he's met so many people I can't even list out all the jobs one can possibly handle in game right now. There's actually a thread in the forums named "List as many professions as you can!" that has a good page or two FULL of different occupations that do not involve combat at all.  Now, to the people who actually like combat: lol, sorry to make it seem like you guys are non-existant. You guys aren't, you guys are still the majority (or maybe not, recently, dunno), and you guys have a shiny, new and revamped combat system (and ranged system) that has countless of loot, weapons and armor that you can tackle on! The magic system has been brought down recently, to be brought back up later on, so it can be better than the previous one (where it was only teachable, person to person), along with the priest system.   There are many dungeons, wars, hunts, and events that always keep you guys happy!  And there are actually many events where both sides can have fun, especially during dangerous events. For example, during the month of Mas, which is a 5-6 day long month in the game, hordes of undead patrol everywhere, and the inhabitants of the three towns or any villages nearby must gather together and help eachother defeat the undead. My favorite, and best experiences roleplaying have been in instances like these: with my halfling character no less! Fighters would escort citizens to safe areas, the hospital would be guarded and citizens, doctors, and the like would help patch the fighters back up, taverns would be boarded up as if it was a siege, and so on. Every person was needed to overcome the undead masses.  That's Illarion. And not even an exactly unusual day.   edit: the website is http://
[the binding of isaac, civ]	I don't usually play games like the ones I'm looking for so I don't have many in my Steam library to choose from. I'm trying to figure out what types of games I can play while doing something else, such as watching a movie or my current project: manually extracting songs from a live theater performance that I can't find a soundtrack for. The latter requires me to wait for the right moment to stop a file conversion (due to a bug with VLC) and gives me short periods of time where I'm doing nothing but waiting on a file to import or the audio to progress to a certain point. I don't enjoy doing nothing while I wait and I have a second monitor, so I'm looking for something to play in short bursts while I keep an eye on the process.    Games like [Chains](http:// work well for this, because I can play them in windowed mode and switch to my project whenever I need to. I don't really have any requirements for types of games, I just need something to keep my ADD-demon occupied. Thanks in advance!
[dragon warrior, fallout 3, nes]	I don't care on price, and have an xbox 360 and PC. I used to be severely addicted to EverQuest and really get into the Elder Scrolls games.   What I liked best about these games was the progression, was always improving your character and the exploration. I best would like an MMO but a single player game would be just as good.   The Action RPG genre is lost on me. Diablo 2 was fun in the past but that was about it.   I really want a game, where I'm put in the middle of the shit, with a sword and shield and have to fight my way through stuff, and be able to waste an entire day searching for a new weapon.   To help sumarize, the most fun I've had playing a video game recently is when my buddy and I whipped out Dragon Warrior on the NES and wasted an entire weekend trying to get new armor to get to higher places... Until my ex's daughter tripped over the cord and we found out the battery save wasn't functional anymore. 
[conker: live and reloaded, jet set radio future, xbox]	Don't really mind if the gameplay is 100% linear, I'm okay with generic gameplay, and the story doesn't have to be outstanding.  I'm looking for games with scenery or an artistic style that makes you go "wow". Emphasis on the visual side of things.  I've also played most AAA games along these lines so stuff like Mass Effect, Assasin's Creed, GTA or Dead Space or Bethesda games, and the 2 metro games.  Edit: also played- the batman games, Skyrim, Bioshock.  also really liked deus ex hr, Murumasa demon blade, Witcher 2, Dark Souls (entering anor Londo was amazing), Call of Juarez Gunslinger, Castlevania Lords of Shadow Ultimate Edition, Shadow Warrior.
[natural selection 2, sanctum 2]	In the last weeks we and 2 other friends have been playing Borderlands 2 non stop. The thing that get us hooked was the "endgame" content, doing raid bosses, farming for legendaries and trying different builds on our characters.   Other game that we enjoyed for a short time was LoTR: War in the North, but due to the buggy multiplayer (every time it loads the non-host players get kicked loosing all their progression) we stop playing, getting thirsty about the RPG and beat-em-up style.      There is other games that combine this elements? RPG + FPS-like + Multiplayer?   Im not looking for arpg like diablo or torchlight, and im going to bet lots of people are going to mention Dungeon Defenders, but hey, all recomendations are welcome.   My wet dreams are about Skyrim Multiplayer :(
[dark souls: prepare to die edition, the witcher, left 4 dead, metro 2033, bioshock, deus ex]	Hey reddit, steam winter sale starts in a few days. I usually look through marvelling at how cheap everything is but never actually buy it in fear of just owning something I never play. I also own a PS3, which usually has a plethora of shit games but there is some gems in the rough. So if you know of any for the PS3 that you believe are must haves go ahead and suggest them too.  So what are some games I **need** to get this sale? I know steam doesnt say what theyll have on sale but most of it will be cheap at one point or another and I can fill up my watchlist...  The games I own are the, Mass effect trilogy. Dragon age. Fallout 3.  Yea thats pretty much it.  So, what games are a must have for any gamer?
[metal gear solid, xbox 360, know how]	I've been spending a lot of time in open world games like the Elder Scrolls games, Far Cry 3, Fallout 3 and NV, Minecraft and recently, Starbound.  I'm currently mostly into shooters (but please - real guns, not those god-awful duct-taped peashooters from the Fallout games), mission-based gameplay is nice, but I can't stand "rail shooters", I need muh freedom.  Weapon customization is something I fell in love with in Far Cry 3 and which helped with FNV (even though I wasn't really impressed with their implementation, for various reasons).  I like at least partially stealth-based gameplay. Not hanging around, hands tied while meticulously timing guards or anything, just being able to pop someone strategical in the noggin with a silenced/SD gun instead of charging in there waiving machine guns firing chainsaws.  I'm not too much of a fan of the futuristic setting.
[saints row 4, out there]	It's kind of a thing of being able to be at any existing coordinate within the boundaries of a map, it just being a question of how.   Examples, here we go.   the GTAs, to get that out of the way.  Hulk games/ Prototypes  Max Payne 3, realistically constrictive most of the time, but you almost feel real "visiting" the surfaces of the world like you do.   Half-Life 2, you could toy with physics and objects enough that they hid that Vortigaunt in this otherwise unreachable pipe, and overall you just didn't feel like you were running around in magnetized boots like so many shooters feel today.   Spider-Man 2, people have gone into this plenty   Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory, I still don't know if it was just really good scripting or if they had a system in place to judge what you were able to do in the given environment, but being able to do the split jump or split something wherever it was viable really made you feel like you had some autonomy.   Battlefield (most), you can be on the ground, and you can not be, and the tolerance for slopes in some titles allow you to scale areas with a smidge of diligence.   Some of the Halos, even if I don't like the game for the most part, I appreciate the you-can-drive-your-shit-past-the-roadblock-if-you-try mentality along with the explosives jumps that are legitimate to the point of hidden skulls   Jet Set Radio Future/Zenith and Tony Hawk's Underground/Skate for how they let you bank your momentum in exploration.   EDIT: I forgot to add Super Mario 64 and Far Cry 3.   Anti-examples:  Enslaved:Odyssey to the West  Assassin's Creed Any  Phantom Dust  Metal Gear Solid 1-4  Timesplitters 1-3  Gears of War Any  The Batman Arkham games, pre-determined  grapple points and perches  Just Cause 2, the game kind of gives you the keys a little too much, to the point where there aren't enough impediments left    Done.   Man, I should really play Infamous, that's probably some really satisfying shit.
[monster hunter, dark souls, game over]	Growing up my mother didn't let me play video games. I always thought they were really cool, but any time I played at a friend's house, I lost easily, became discouraged, and thought I wasn't any good at them. Fast forward to last year my boyfriend moved in with me, and brought his XBOX. For a long time he played and talked to me about games, which I was interested in, but never having played, didn't really "get" it. At some point I thought I'd like to try playing. He started me off with a game we could play together, Castle Crashers. I really liked it, it didn't require much knowledge or finesse, I was happy bashing away at the buttons and watching little monsters die. We finished the game and it was a really cool experience for me.   I didn't really know where to go from there, he had me try Dead Island. I couldn't get the hang of the dual camera controls, and got freaked out by the zombies, so that didn't go far. I tried Skyrim next, I thought it was nice, but again, the camera controls drove me crazy and I gave up. My friend lent me some Harry Potter games that I played for a bit, and got maybe halfway through before losing interest. This was all start stop and went on for months. And then I tried Dragon's Dogma.   I have no idea why I stuck it out with this game, but I did. The learning curve was just right so I was able to become comfortable with the camera controls, beat up monsters, and level up, without getting frustrated and giving up. I got really into the game and even wrote out cheat sheets for best item combinations and etc. To date I have over 200 hours of playtime, and am on my third play through (on hard mode this time!), it's been just a few months since I've started.   Now that I feel more comfortable with gaming in general, I want to find another game to get into, and it's been a struggle. I started Skyrim again, but it just didn't fit as well as I'd hoped it would. I'm open to going back and putting more time into it, but it wasn't a natural fit. My boyfriend loves Dark Souls and really wanted me to try it, so I did. Between months of hearing how hard it was from him, and my expectations for the game, I found it really stressful to play. This is something else I might also return to, but way in the future. I tried Assassin's Creed II, which I really, really wanted to like, and put some time into, but I found it to be too precise. I don't think my skills are quite there, and after moving ahead for a bit, decided to give it a rest after getting stuck and frustrated. I did find Path of Exile on my PC which I like and have been playing through a little bit (BF told me about Steam - it's so cool!). I tried Mass Effect, it was OK but also not really my thing, same for Dragon's Age and GTA.   My boyfriend's been incredibly patient with me, but we were hoping you lovely people might have ideas for games I could try out? I don't know exactly what I'm looking for or what I like, but DD is "home" for me right now, and nothing has come close yet.
[plants vs zombies, insaniquarium, peggle]	So I was thinking of buying a christmas present for my mother. She often plays games on Facebook like Candy Crush and similar. I want to get her something that isn't (IMO) complete shit. What I'm looking for is a game that has atleast some of these features, but all are not required: Replay ability. I would be nice if she could play it more than once so she doesn't just go straight back to Candy Crush. "Casual" if it's too hard it might be off putting. DRM free(I think it's the correct term). This might be one of the more difficult points. It's mostly because I don't want to bother her with having to use steam or similar services. Not an FPS. The computer she has is a laptop and a track pad for shooters isn't really optimal. As an example I was thinking about buying Minecraft for her. I would have done it if it wasn't for it being an FPS. Terraria might be a bit too hard and have too much of a learning curve. Not all fields are required, but the more the better. Feel free to suggest any game you think might work. It's better with too many suggestions than too few.
[shin megami tensei iv, pokemon x]	I'm already planning on getting: Zelda: A Link Between Worlds, Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate, Fire Emblem: Awakening, and most likely the new Smash Brothers game.  I'm a fan of RPGs, turn-based strategy games (including strategic/tactical RPGs), action rpgs, and some FPS games.  I haven't played a monster hunter OR fire emblem game before, but i've seen gameplay footage enough to wager that I'll enjoy them.  I *used* to enjoy final fantasy games and other SNES JRPGs (chrono trigger, FFVI, Lufia 2), but I'm not sure if I'd enjoy modern JRPGs as much.  --edit: I forgot to mention that the one genre I don't really care for is platformers.  Almost anything else is fair game.
[spacechem]	I am not looking for programming games (games where programming *is* the game). Instead, I am looking for any sort of games that incorporate programming or the process of giving something instructions to perform actions. Two examples I can think of that fit this criteria are:   * ComputerCraft for Minecraft  * Indie-title XenoMiner where the player is able to find a programmable robot to automate tasks.  These two examples incorporate programming into gameplay but it is not the main component. I am open for suggestions.
[dwarf fortress, godus]	Hey all, looking for a suggestion for a friend, wondering if you could pick up on any title that might have slipped through the cracks.  He's looking for some sort of simulator with world/city-building potential. Something that combines combat/war with planning and designing a functional world for the inhabitants you control. Options for magic push his wish to play the game to an 11, which is always good.  I suggested a few games (Black and White 1+2, SimCity, Tropico 3, Stronghold 2) which he's either played or are too dated to return to. Modern games are what he's after!   Anyone have any suggestions of lesser-known, even smaller, indie games that fit the description?
[chinese chess]	So, background both light and deep--- I have gamed for some time... P&amp;P, Board Games, PC Games... My wife was an EQ addict from 1998-2009 (yes, EQ1). She played because of her friends by the end, but that was her primary gaming experience. We have tried a few card games, and we were real into cribbage and backgammon for a bit. However, we haven't played anything in some time and would like something new. Is Cards against Humanity fun with 2 people? Any other suggestions are welcome! I should mention no trivia games... While I am no Ken Jennings no one in my family, immediate and extended will play me in those games anymore... :-) Thanks
[neverwinter, eq2, eq2, eq2]	Everquest was my first MMO and one of my first major PC gaming experiences. I loved it at the time, I know it's also free-to-play now but for me EQ1 belongs in the past.  However, I'm currently VERY excited for Everquest Next. Everything I've seen and read seems amazing, and returning to the world of Norrath would give me quite a nostalgia fix, even if they are mixing it up a bit.  Now, I played a free trial of Everquest 2 long ago. I remember thinking it was entertaining but Vanguard was a better spiritual successor to EQ - that should give you a time frame on when I last saw the state of the game.  I'm looking for:  * Opinions on the state of EQ2 now, how fun it is, why, and so on,  * If you don't think I should play EQ2, what should I play instead? I'm a former WoW and Tera player, decided both are boring me for now. I'm signed up for ESO betas.   * And also a bit of factual info on what the monetizing system is for it. Is there paid content? Pay to win, pay to skip drugery, pay for unique vanity items only? Would I need to buy the game itself?  I know I could probably research the latter part of the question myself, but as long as I'm here looking for opinions, might as well ask. Thanks in advance for any input!  Edit:  After reading my responses here so far, I did some research on my own, and for any interested party's information:  There are definitely some noteworthy content restrictions in EQ2. The most egregious in my eyes is that only subscription players can have the highest rung of skills/spells, which is definitely a gameplay effectiveness issue since this is a matter of damage output. This definitely verges on pay-to-win, since while it may be possible to pass most encounters, it's highly doubtful you'll be accepted into a guild if your max level abilities are limited to 80% of the max damage for paid players.  The rest is workable, time and effort can get you around it, even max tradeskills since it seems you can simply collect mats and have someone else make anything for you. Also there are global chat restrictions, which is annoying, but apparently you can buy in to a "silver" membership for a one time $5 fee and that will get you chat access.  But the game is geared to let you play through the leveling process and then make you essentially *need* to get a subscription to be an effective endgame player or desirable raid member.
[openttd]	I want to say SPORE was that  the gameplay didn't grip me at all.  I'm very picky with games, and it is hard to explain what stuff I like. I am rarely able to play games that require too much attention or have too much depth, and much prefer games that I can quickly pop in and out of.  CIV 5 is a good example of a game I enjoy. It can be quite relaxing on lower difficulties, yet has an indepth side to it should I be in that mood, whilst also being a game in which I can 'develop'.  Any ideas guys?  Games I've enjoyed:  Civ 5  The Sims  Rome TW (RTW2 is too indepth for me to enjoy unless I'm in a certain mood)  Mount and Blade  Terraria (I've yet to play Starbound properly, but I do own it. Think this game could be one I will enjoy)  Team Fortress Classic  Conquer Online   WoW (1-90 as I can play casually. As soon as I hit 90 and have to play with a bit of depth I lose interest)  TWD     
[lego star wars]	My brother and I don't get a lot of chances to game these days but at Christmas we usually have a few hours here and there.   Games we have enjoyed together in the past are Settlers III and Darkstone (a Diablo clone).  I thought this other thread had a good way of putting it so I'm stealing it:  **Looking for:** 1vs1 games or 2 player co-op. It can be RTS or some other strategy, RPG or some other form. **The game form is less important, as long as it's engaging and easy to get in to.**   **Stumbling blocks:** One okay PC, one kind of crappy one. So no heavy duty games. Time: even if we have a lot of time to play, we don't want to spend 10 hours learning the game, so no steep learning curves. Price: for the right game, we can spend the money, but we don't want to take too many chances.    **Not interested in:** MMO, FPS, MOBA
[the binding of isaac, prison architect, prison architect, dwarf fortress, retro classics, hotline miami, nuclear war, roguelike, darwinia, wargames, tron]	I just got hooked on Faster Than Light, it is purely brilliant in my opinion, and I've put many hours into it already. Papers, Please, though it is a simple game, it's insanely awesome for me to play, I can't get enough of it and it's just so oddly exciting. I haven't got much room to work with in terms of hardware, I have a Pentium Dual Core  GHz and 4 GB of RAM but the graphics card is really lacking on this laptop, so much so I can't even play FEZ, and I was a little disappointed after I installed it.  Also, I enjoy Turn Based and Real Time Strategy games, preferably free. I prefer games that aren't online because I have a terrible internet connection and it's a struggle just to play Counter Strike: Source with friends, or even as something as simple as Pokemon Showdown in my browser.  edit: I like management games too, Game Dev Tycoon, Zoo Tycoon series, older Sim City games, Civ, Sim Golf, all of these games were very enjoyable and extremely addicting for me, I couldn't get enough of them.
[castle crashers, x-men arcade, xbox 360]	Basically I'm in charge of three of my 13-14 year old cousins over Christmas. I figured the best way to keep them out of trouble is on my Xbox 360. They're likely to grow tired of COD, Halo and FIFA etc fast. I need a couple of games that are original, relatively easy to understand and, above all, fun! So far my only idea is Worms Revolution...  EDIT: Wow! Thanks so much guys! This is my first time posting in the r/gamingsuggestions community and I'm amazed by the feedback. Will definitely be trying a lot of these games out.
[portal 2]	So, I have a preteen son who lives in a different city. Recently, we've started playing Minecraft online on our Xbox 360's as a way to chat/spend time together.  However, I'm pretty burnt-out on Minecraft, having played it a LOT when I first got it a year or so ago.  Can anyone recommend some good games with online multiplayer for the 360 that a father and son could enjoy together?  I prefer open-world, sandbox games like Skyrim and, of course, Minecraft. I'll be honest in that I'm not sure what other types of games he likes, although he does enjoy Minecraft a lot. His mother also says he plays WoW, so his interests in gaming are probably very similar to mine.  Any recommendations would be greatly appreciated.
[out there]	A list of features I'd like in approximate order of importance:  * A very large 3D world, Elder Scrolls style, if you see a building you can enter it generally  * Diabloesque randomness, random dungeon layouts, random items, random monsters and minibosses  * LOTS of monsters, many of them not hard, some of them dangerous (not Dark Souls style "be careful all the time" fighting)  * More focus on exploring and combat and looting than questiness  * Crafting, salvage, or item improvement mechanisms that require loot materials  * Endlessness, NG+(++) modes or unlimited deep dungeons  Does anything like this exist? I've played all the real Diablo games and every major (and most minor) isometric ARPGs, as well as Dark Souls, obviously.   Seriously considering whether Skyrim on PC can be massively modded to turn it into something close to this. 
[myst]	I love hard puzzle games, or games that go beyond the gameplay itself to engage the player.    Cases in point:    I played Fez recently, and found it necessary to take notes and solve a few puzzles on paper.  I thought this challenge was great; far more challenging than anything else in recent memory.   I also play DCS A-10 Warthog... that's more of a simulator, but it's still beneficial to work things out outside of gameplay itself.    What other games are hard, intricate, or expansive enough to warrant that kind of effort?
[system shock 2, medal of honor, hotline miami , devil may cry, max payne, mafia 2, deus ex]	As mentioned in the title, I'm predominantly a PC player. I don't have regular access to consoles or handheld games. I'll still list the games I've played on the consoles if it helps. I'd rather not deal with multiplayer-reliant games like the current FPSes now like COD, Battlefield, and Borderlands. Indie games are welcome.  Games Played and Generally Finished With:  * Mass Effects Series (Very disappointed with Mass Effect 3) * Elder Scrolls Morrowind, Oblivion, Skyrim (Close to 400 hours each with mods) * Fallout Series (Includes FO1 and FO2. Modded FO3 and New Vegas for a while) * Dragon Age 1 with expansions &amp; 2 (Dragon Age 1 was better than 2) * Fable Series (Phew) * The Witcher 1 &amp; 2 (Gotten all the endings for Witcher 2) * Saints Row 1, 2, 3, and 4  * Mount and Blade Series (Modded Warband the most) * Half Life 1 &amp; 2 and Episodes * Rome, Medieval 2, Empire, and Shogun 2 Total War (Not so much a story, but the immersion is good enough) * Civ 3, 4, and 5 (Same as above) * Grand Theft Auto 3, Vice City, San Andreas, and 4 with it's expansions * Metro 2033 and Last Light * Darksiders 1 * All the Hitman games (Absolution is giving me hardware issues) * Dead Space 1 &amp; 2 * Bioshock 1, 2, and Infinite (Infinite was good) * Sleeping Dogs (Was a nice change of scenery for a while) * Deus Ex Series *  series (Didn't like too much, hardware issues) * The Sims 2 and Expansions (Immersion!) * Red Faction Series (meh) * Borderlands 1 &amp; 2 (I'm not touching all that DLC) * Crysis 1 &amp; 2 (Crysis 1 was meh, Crysis 2 was blegh) * Far Cry 1, 2, 3, and Blood Dragon * Call of Duty series (Disappointed with MW3 and BL2 direction of gameplay and story. Ghosts was also boring.) * Spec Ops the Line * Dead Island (Hardware issues and was disappointing) * Dead Rising 1, 2, and Off the Record * Final Fantasy 10, 12, and 13 (On PS2 and PS3 of course) * Guild Wars 1 and 2 (GW 2 was getting too grindy) * Star Ocean Til the End of Time-Director's Cut (PS2, pretty lengthy JRPG) * Valkyria Chronicles 1 and 2 (PS3 and PSP) * Starcraft, Brood War, Wings of Liberty, Heart of the Swarm (Things are just getting too weird with unit selection) * Warcraft 3 * League of Legends (Only good to play with friends honestly) * Defense of the Ancients (Same problem as LoL) * Assassin's Creed series, playing Black Flag at the moment getting bored though. * Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic 1 and 2 * Dark Souls (Beat it three times, I'm a sucker for punishment) * Final Fantasy 7 (Originally on PS1, but I bought it on PC too) * Battlefield 3 and 4 (Both on Xbox360, also getting boring/annoying with constant DLC) * Dragon's Dogma (Xbox360, actually quite a nice surprise) * Papers Please * Bastion * Kerbal Space Program * The Walking Dead and Episodes (played on Xbox 360, was all right, kinda tired with the series as I read the comics) * Dishonored (Fun, but too short)  Games I'm looking into:  * FTL: Faster than Light  * Rome 2: Total War  * Arma 2 or 3 (Not for DayZ, I'm tired of the Zombie genre in general)   Thanks for your help!  I don't own all the games, I borrowed, stayed over, traded, and it helps that I generally have plenty of free time for the entirety of June to August.  TL;DR: I've played most games on already, suggest a good one for a PC player.
[star citizen, this game]	 I know [Star Citizen](https:// is coming, but could still be a while. It's probably exactly what I need but so far off.  I've tried X Rebirth but from what I can tell you're always in the same ship. upgrades aren't noticable - or fun, seems like lots of busy work. I'd prefer something less space-trade sim and more like "here's a universe!" - I like that about Eve online, in most aspects. I'd like to see something a bit more serious / hard science than arcade science.. I gotta get my geek on through techno-babble.    I've played Freelancer, and grew up on Escape Velocity. I've just (re)subbed to eve to try and scratch the itch, but it doesn't cut it.   The MMO Jumpgate was canceled.  the company laid off. I seem to remember another space MMO in development which was similar but no dice searching (huxley?)  When I say fast I mean in comparison to eve online- more inline with a FPS than RTS. Like Descent  Ship and skill upgrades to have actual effect.. I don't like when there isn't any growth or cool things going on with my ship.  Multiple roles and sizes, penalties and boosts..  Please and thank you!
[just cause 2]	I love sandbox games, but what I find annoying about some of them, GTA IV and Sleeping Dogs being the worst offenders, is that half of the game is spent explaining the mechanics and not letting you figure out things for yourself.  For example, in Sleeping Dogs, there is a mission wherein you take a girl for Kung Fu lessons, and you need to grab a bike from your garage.  I did that at least 5 times before that mission because I figured it out for myself.  Is there a sandbox where it throws you into the world and lets you sort shit out for yourself?
[gotham city impostors, scott pilgrim]	My parents don't allow him to have M-rated games, so I'm at a loss for what to get him for his birthday, because I'm a PC gamer. I know the Batman: Arkham ---- games are great and rated T, as well as Mirror's Edge, but does anyone have any other suggestions? There's no point in arguing about why he can't play M-rated games. He's 12, that's my parents rules, so there's no point in changing it.  He's watched Skyrim Let's Play videos and he really likes the medieval fantasy world thing, but he can't have it because of the rating (even though I've played it and there's really nothing in it that's *bad* or whatever, but I'll be away at college and I'm shipping his gift, so I can't explain it to them.).   I'm thinking FFXIII might be close enough to it?
[ni no kuni]	Give me suggestions of games on PS3 that I should play. I love JRPGs and anime so that's mostly what im looking for.  I love the Tales of Series so anything like that is cool. Other cool JRPGs like Agarest Wars is also fine by me.  That being said, your suggestion must be decently easy. As in, not annoying in the sense that I have to excessively grind or something. im fine with grinding, but too much of it turns me off (sorry Disgaea...) and also it has to have decent gameplay mechanics. By that I mean it can't be too crazy to control or too simple like Final Fantasy 13 where its just spamming A/X button.    That's about it, a few games I have played just to cross them off the list are the following:  All of the Hyperdimension Neptunia Series  Tales of Xillia  Tales of Graces  Star Ocean The Last Hope  Final Fantasy 13/13-2  Agarest War 1 and 2  
[machinarium, primordia]	I'm posting this here because it was deleted on r/games  All tips are welcome!! :)   My boyfriend bought me a game called 'Machinarium' as a Christmas gift. I simply love it! Especially because it isn't all about fighting and because of the stunning graphics. Every scene/level is like a painting. Does anyone know similar games? I'm looking for more 'artistic' stuff. I'm using a MacBook pro, don't know if that's an important thing to know...  Here's a link to the trailer of Machinarium: http:// Thanx! :)
[blade symphony, bushido blade]	I have about 5 bucks on steam and have been eyeballing these three games and was looking for corroboration from other who have played them before pulling the trigger on one of them.  Insurgency looks fun for the no crosshair, close quarter combat which is right up my alley. Also I just got a new mouse and im on a FPS kick but I just bought BF4 and play counter strike quite a lot.  Blade Symphony seems cool in concept but I havent heard anything about it really so Im not too attached to it.  I have some friends that play Dungeon Defenders and the loot looks cool but I dont really know that much about the game other than the cartoony aesthetics look awesome.  Thanks for the help.
[dungeon crawl]	I played puzzle pirates a long time ago and really liked the shop management aspect. The game wasn't all about it but it was a vital component where players really needed to use the shop. It had a supply chain and players needed to play a minigame to do work for you.  Are there any other multiplayer games out there that have a shop component to them? With having to buy supplies then processing and selling goods?  I even enoyed running a vendor in Ultima Online. Really any game with an in game storefront word interest me. The more complex the better.
[europa universalis, crusader kings 2, civ]	I bought Civ 5 a few months ago; I've been plugging away.  The thing is, I've found myself sort of bored at this point.  I dislike the hand-holding involved,  and I know that if I research science faster than the other guys, I'll win.  I've always liked strategy games, and I would like to find one more complex than Civ 5.  I own CK2 and I have tried the demo for EU4, but I found myself with a lot of downtime between wars in the game.  Does anyone have any suggestions of other strategy games I should take a look at?  
[league of legends]	Bit of a weird request. Basically, I suck at games, badly, I get wrecked constantly at fighting games, fail at platforming games, suck at shooters and just generally... I'm pretty bad. Although I don't like to admit it.  Just wondering if there's any forgiving, beginner friendly games out there, basically, what are the best entry level points for every genre of games?  It's usually not a case of selecting a difficulty level either, quite a few games I suck at don't even have such an option. (Mario Galaxy for example)
[the last remnant, neverwinter, neverwinter]	Iiiiii haven't played a good (new-ish) RPG in far too long, but I honestly can't find anything that really catches/holds my attention anymore.  Can you make any suggestions?  Here's most of what I've played in the last few years that I've enjoyed (I'll be using the term RPG relatively loosely on some of these):  Magna Carta 2 Mass Effect Series Dragon Age Origins, 2 The Witcher 1/2 KOTOR 1/2 Demon/Dark Souls Borderlands 2 Bioshock 1/2/Infinite Fable Series Ni No Kuni The Lost Odyssey Record of Agarest War Zero/2 Amalur: Kingdom of Reckoning Tales of Xillia/Vesperia Persona 4 Golden Dragon's Dogma Fate/Zero Legend of the Dragoon  Again, any suggestions you could think of would be greatly appreciated seeing as I really want a good RPG with a solid story and characters.
[bravely default]	I'm looking for some good turn based RPGs for either the 3DS or Vita.  Can be download only.  I'll list all games i've played on both systems, even non RPGs.  3ds games I've already played:  * Fire Emblem Awakening  * Paper Mario: Sticker Star * Shin Megami Tensei IV  * The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds  Vita/PSP Games already played:  * Persona 3 Portable * Persona 4 Golden (well i beat ps2 version, not ready to replay Golden just yet) * Walking Dead Season 1  Currently playing Radiant Historia for DS.  Not really looking for DS recommendations though.  I have a list of these already that I'm looking for.  These don't quite fit the bill, but I  have Mario and Luigi: Dream Team for 3DS and Tearaway for Vita in queue to be played at some point.  Thanks for your help. 
[assassin's creed, the witcher, god of war]	I've played through all the Batman games and I'm looking to something that gives me a similar feeling in combat.  Executing great combos and utilizing gear really makes me feel like an awe inspiring vigilante and I want a similar game with a very satisfying combat system.  Preferably something modern or futuristic, but I'm not opposed to something more medieval.  EDIT:  I've got a pretty decent PC, Wii U, PS2 and PS3.  I love Monster Hunter (although sometimes there are [unfair monster attacks](http://  I've played and didn't like Dark Souls.
[machinarium, gemini rue]	Hey guys, I'm looking for a simple indie game which has a great story. I recently played Gone Home and I'm looking for another short game which I can play through in a day or 2. Not really interested in Dear Esther so does anyone have suggestions?  Personally, Gone Home wasn't too bad but it got a little annoying that I had to read through so many letters and notes. But I did enjoy the fact that I was able to experience it in just 2 days time and not have to play a long game which would take weeks to complete. That's why I want to experience other indie games which are short but sweet.  Oh and I would prefer suggestions for PC please. Thanks. 
[tf2]	So, i would like to try a new fps game because i am not having so much fun anymore. Looking for something similar to Quake or Tribes: Ascend. Played both for a long time but the community seems to be dying.   Anyone know of a good shooter witg a steady community? I thought of trying Planetside 2 but im not sure how fast is it and if my pc will be able to handle it. It also looks really complicated, is this true or not?  Looked in Blacklight's direction as well, would this perhaps be a better game for me? How is the community?  Thanks in advance for taking your time
[spec ops: the line]	I'm looking for games that have a story, or narration, or something, that causes me to feel emotions.  Happiness, sadness, introspection. In other words, something that is more than just gameplay (but, fun gameplay would be a plus).  Examples of games that I'm looking for that I have played.  * Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons * Papo &amp; Yo * The Stanley Parable * Braid * To The Moon * Thomas Was Alone * To The Moon  I have heard that Gone Home would also fit, but I haven't played that yet.  So any other suggestions for PC would be welcome.
[recettear: an item shop's tale, curveball]	I look at the front page of Steam during the sale and I see games that I can easily imagine what sort of gameplay I can expect, and I have no motivation to play anything that I already know a lot about what will likely come my way - and one "unique" gimmick isn't enough to justify my purchase and time.  So I want something different, that I can't know what to expect in, that doesn't fall into the generic "oh, it's an RPG. Boy, I love dungeons, levels, and equipment" or equivalent for other genres.  I'm a fan of strategy games, and in general just games that are deep enough for me to do something with, if that makes sense.  I don't know, throw me a curveball ;)
[star wars knights of the old republic]	Doesn't technically have to be of the fantasy genre; I just want a great, big fictional world to dive into and explore.  My favorites tend to be open-world RPGs with lots of room for choice, customization, and exploration. I love finding secrets, collecting collectibles, solving puzzles, and just generally losing myself in the world.  A decent story and/or characters are also a plus, since they help with the immersion.  Similar games I have already played (starting with my favorite):  - Dark Souls - Guild Wars 2 (this was the game I was playing for the past 6 months, but I've finally started to grow tired of it) - Dragon Age: Origins (and to a lesser extent, DA2) - Diablo I through III - Skyrim (the only Elder Scrolls game I've ever played, but I did like it) - Pretty much every Zelda game (I have a regular Wii but haven't played it in forever - I'm just giving Zelda as an example of the kind of gameplay I like)  Non-fantasy:  - Mass Effect 2 and 3 - Borderlands 1 and 2  I'm sure I'm forgetting many others, but this sampling probably gives you a good idea of what I like and what I'm looking for.  Please help, Guild Wars 2 was my go-to game and now that it's losing its appeal (admittedly after 1000+ hours) I need another fix! Hopefully even tonight (which is why I prefer Steam, so I can just download a game right now)  Thanks!  **EDIT**: I just noticed Batman: Arkham Origins on sale on Steam. I actually really loved the first two games (to be honest, I liked the Metroid-vania level design in the first one more than the open-world design of the second). But the combat and other general gameplay was great in both. Has anyone played Origins yet, and do you think I'd enjoy it?
[pocket trains]	Hmmm, how do I describe what I am looking for.   - Preferably on my phone, but not necessary  - Time based turn system, like daily or hourly - Can play with friends, but doesn't have to be directly with them - Some sort of character/city/army building game (where you manage the intricacies but the actual adventuring or battling is done by the game) - Something that favors doing minor adjustments but isn't necessary  I almost feel like i have described farmville or mafia wars. I am just looking for something with a little more polish and depth, and would prefer a game that is not pay to win.
[star wars knights of the old republic, brothers: a tale of two sons, the wolf among us, little inferno, world of goo, mass effect]	Hello lovely people of /r/gamingsuggestions! Usually I spend every New Years with my best friend, and we stay up late trying to beat the latest Nancy Drew game. But we are separated this year, and my boyfriend is in France, and I'm looking to play a new game to distract me from my loneliness. Here are some games I like:  * Elder Scrolls * Civilization * Puzzle Agent * Walking Dead * Little Inferno * Metal Gear Solid * Mass Effect * Kingdom Hearts * Limbo * Sims * GTA * Fable * Zelda (OoT and MM are my favorites) * Pokemon * Animal Crossing * Ni No Kuni  Thank you for any and all help! I know my tastes are all over the place, but I hope there's something out there that'll work.  Edit: Added a game.
[unreal tournament, super mario 64, nintendo 64]	For various reasons, I missed out on a lot of popular culture as a kid in the mid 90's through the early thousands.   I find myself forever lost as to what my friends are talking about. I don't understand or recognize anything. I'm (slowly) learning about television and music I missed, but I haven't begun to explore games from this time.   I distinctly remember a kid in my 4th or 5th grade class talking about his new "gamecube" and wondering if it was one of those plastic square mini slide and climbing wall deals my neighbor had.  I've never played any games from the time, nor do I know what games match which consoles, etc.   I have played some games, older and newer, mostly Master of Orion II, plants vs. zombies, and minecraft. I've been playing New Vegas when I get a turn on my husband's laptop.  Right now all I can use is an android tablet, but I might get a laptop sometime this year, and I have a vague understanding of how to use an emulator. I've got the tablet to run Master of Orion II and the DS version of plants vs zombies (googleplay claims my tablet can't run the android version, and wouldn't let me get it).  Anyway, I was hoping someone might be able to suggest popular games from around that time, as well as what console they were on. I would prefer consoles with a working emulator for android, and games you know an android with an emulator can handle, but I also welcome suggestions for if/when I get a computer, and for "if you see x console and y games cheap, get them"  Thanks!
[mass effect 2, out there, pick up]	I haven't done any gaming the last few years due to the demands of work and also having a kid. Now I have some more free time and would like to pick up a PC game or two, but the selection is overwhelming and I don't know where to start.   Here are some things I would like to see in an ideal game:   Probably first person (or maybe third-person) perspective, shooter or RPG   Not too difficult    At least some story   Open level designs, no "rails shooter" type games; multiple ways to approach a problem/situation   Save anywhere; no checkpoint saves    Each episode or level is fairly independent -- I don't really have enough time to keep track of all the side-quests in a large RPG.    No "boss fights" or other bottlenecks that require you to try over and over again to get through    Absolutely no jumping puzzles   No/minimal inventory management   Not a lot of running back and forth between the same people or places (as is typical in a lot of RPGs)   Some stealth action would be nice   The ability to customize character skills over time would be nice   No squad members to deal with   ***   Some of my favorite older games are Deus Ex, Deus Ex Human Revolution, System Shock 2, Far Cry, a couple of the Splinter Cell games, and the Fallout games (including Fallout 3).   Games I didn't care for so much were Metro 2033 (too linear, dark, and difficult), Stalker (couldn't get into it, too much inventory management), Mass Effect (too hard to keep track of the quests given the amount of time I have to play; didn't like having to manage a squad of fighters).   My computer is not all that great, but I would probably be happy playing something that came out 3-4 years ago.    Thanks for any recommendations. 
[midnight club, racing games]	Hello!   I haven't played a racing game in forever, but I've been helping a neighbor restore a 71 Charger, and it's got me in a car mood lately. I'm not normally a racing game kind of guy, but I'm looking for something where I can drive and maybe customize cars. Older muscle cars is really what I'm looking for. I don't think the Need for Speed games really have any older cars do they?   I have a pretty good PC ( I can play things like The Witcher 2, it's got a Q6600 Core 2 Quad in  it can still keep up) and figured with the steam sale going on, there's bound to be something that will satisfy this itch.   I also have a PS3, and am downloading the free* Grid 2 off the playstation plus store right now. But I'm not so sure it's going to have what I'm looking for.   TLDR; Want a car/racing game with old muscle cars in it. Have a PC and PS3. What should I look for or get?   Thanks for any input or advice, I really appreciate it.   Also: Have a fantastic New Year everyone! 
[natural selection 2, terror of the deep, sword of the stars, bionic commando, dawn of war, alien breed, zeno clash, duke nukem, zaga]	With Star Citizen far off in the horizon and re-watching through Firefly I got put in a really big sci-fi mood. Not a super huge fan of most strategy games (starcraft no, xcom yes) but will give them a try, but any other genre is a go. Racing, sim, shooter, whatever. As long as it has a sci fi element.  I'm up for older or newer titles. (not archaic old though) I have pretty much every home console (if not can emulate) and a PC, of course. As for (physical) handhelds I have a PSP and 3DS. Not interested in EVE  Some (most likely not all) titles I've played or can remember are:  * SPAZ * FTL * Freespace 2 * Freelancer * Mass Effect series * Deus Ex series * XCOM EU/EW * Fallout series * Starbound (if you want to count that) * KOTOR 1/2 * System Shock 2 * X3 * Metroid series * Dead Space series * Mechwarrior series * F-Zero Series * WipEout series * WipEout series * Halo series * Gears of War (?) * Risk of Rain * StarOcean * Xeno series * Zone of the Enders * Metal Gear Solid * STALKER * METRO 2033/LL * War/Fall of Cybertron * Half Life * Infamous * Psychonauts * Red Faction * Escape from Butcher Bay * Perfect Dark * Force Unleashed * Crysis * Space Marine * Hard Reset * Shadow Complex * The Last of Us * Various Final Fantasy titles
[castle crashers, rayman]	The Steam sales are up so I thought I might grab something to play with my younger brother. He's pretty good at racing games - we've played together Sonic Racing Transformed (reaaaally solid title), Trackmania, he played quite a lot of Blur and Mario Kart @ wii. So we got that racing/+powerups genre covered.   Right now I'd like to extend it to some 2-player co-op platformer or just solid title for 2. We've played marvel-heroes-something on old xbox - where you run with 4 heroes and punch stuff/collect xp - and it was pretty fun for him, but I don't know if there's PC alternative? It doesn't have to be easy as long as it's cool and in some parts I can drag him along, so we'll be good. Controller support is a must though.   Appreciate all the help.
[saints row the third, spec ops: the line, spec ops: the line, spec ops: the line, excellent games, over the top, pcs]	I have a little leftover $$$ ($ to be exact) on an Amazon gift card and was looking at downloadable games on Amazon. I've looked through various games and narrowed down my selection between Spec Ops: The Line and Saints Row the Third. I'm a really, *really* casual gamer - usually just replay Halo or CoD campaigns on the Xbox - and I have a Dell XPS 13, a laptop which isn't exactly known for its excellence as a gaming computer. Basically I'm looking for a PC game which will run well on my computer, be fun for a casual gamer, and can be downloaded\* on Amazon for less than $   *Or ordered, if the game's cost + S&amp;H &lt; $
[starcraft]	I just played all the way through *Spore.*  I really enjoyed the tribal gameplay.  I've never played an RTS before, but I never bothered to play them.  A friend told me that Spore's tribal phase is essentially just a dumbed down RTS.  Well, I'm sold.  So **I'm essentially looking for a good starting point** for someone just getting into this genre.  I'm sold.  Any suggestions?  Here's my specs:  - Windows 8 64-bit  - Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-3210M CPU @  (4 CPUs),   - Memory: 6144MB RAM  - DirectX 11  - AMD Radeon HD 7670M  - Display Memory: 4824 MB
[fallout 3]	So here's my situation I've played almost every mainstream rpg such as (Elder scrolls series, deus ex, mass effect series, Borderlands) And I dont know if  its just pc gaming these days but it just seams there is nothing that holds my attention for a long time. I love strategy games but it seems like the only one that I keep coming back to is civ 5 so is there anything I'm missing I would love to try indies but I'm not quite sure where to start with those. I would love some suggestions! Thanks in advance. :D
[crusader kings 2]	To be more specific, I am looking for a game with less of an emphasis on combat and more on overall strategy. Starcraft II would be on the opposite spectrum of what I am looking for (all combat), although I enjoyed that combat.  I've played Total War: Rome 2 - that was ok, but I didn't like the way combat was done (go in with set amounts of units, in RTS's I like base building) - also TWR2 didn't let me build an empire in the way I wanted.  Civ V is a very good game, but it is really lacking in a few areas - I would like to have a ruler that I shape as I play (similar to Long Live The Queen from what I've seen),   Some more political elements would be nice (assassinations, competing claims to the throne, dealing with rebellions)  Any suggestions would be appreciated; I've always seen CivV mentioned but I'm looking for something different.
[crusader kings 2]	I've been I'm the mood to play a decent fantasy/midieval RTS game that I've never played before. I've played the Warcraft, Age of Empires and Total War games. Here is what I've been considering:  Heroes of Annihilated Empires Dawn of Fantasy Spellforce 2 Stronghold 3 Battle for Middle Earth 2 Frozen Hearth  That last one seems expensive and hard to get a hold of so I'm considering it the least unless I can find a deal online. Some of these are RTS/RPG hybrids and I'm fine with that. Just want to know what you would recommend the most and why. Thanks! Feel free to add in games I missed.
[warsow, warsow]	I am looking for a FPS fix.  Growing up, I played a TON of the Quake II mod Jailbreak. To me, that was my favorite multiplayer FPS experience.  Since then, I played quite a bit of Call of  at this point, I am done with supporting that franchise. I have tried BF3, but that's just too slow/realistic for me.  I want something fast...something like the oldschool 90's FPS's. I have heard Shadow Warrior is  for some reason, that's just not appealing to me.  I have played a bit of Quake Live, CS:GO, and  for some reason, those are just not doing it for me. I am toying around with Planetside 2, but that's just not quite what I'm looking for.  So, anyone have some suggestions for FPS's that are in line with old school Quake II, Unreal Tournament, etc? I want multiplayer DM, perhaps some mods, etc. 
[xenoblade chronicles, xenosaga]	I love RPGs but after practically working through Final Fantasy X/X-2 and then playing games like Elder Scrolls, Mass Effect, and other Western RPGs I started to really crave an open world in my role-playing games.  Every time I see a JRPG with anime characters I think "great, another Final Fantasy..." and that can't be the way to view them.  The last JRPG I really enjoyed was the first Xenosaga game for PS2.  I got the sequel and didn't progress in it much at all...  I need a game that will get me back into the genre and possibly get me to re-evaluate my opinion on the newer JRPGs.  I have all systems (except XBox One) but I would prefer to stay away from handhelds.  I really dislike Tactics-style combat (the hardcore turn-based stuff) so the Fire Emblem games would likely be a chore to get through the fighting, or so I assume.  (I did not really like the new X-COM game because of that.)  Basically I feel like I am missing out on a genre of games because of my own misgivings.  I like to get one that is a really good example of how a JRPG can be handled, especially if it's popular with a Western audience.  Anything that can transition me into the genre, really...
[quake live]	Already as my title says i'm on the pc looking for a new FPS to  have to be free 2 play which sometimes i'm not crazy about cause its pay to win.  I was a big halo2 guy really big. then i got into cod 4 and mw2 but since they got lame suck and boring i bought ghost and I'm starting to wish i didn't. i had csgo but didnt care for it. i might give it another shot. but I'm looking for any other suggestion only thing i was thinking was BF4 of bad company 2. something that will bring back my old halo and cod days. 
[cities in motion 2]	So I was a big fan of Sim City until EA butchered it with their new version where you have one freeway offramp and the entire city fits in a square kilometer.   Needless to say, I like my simulation games like the 40 year old guy in his moms basement likes his train set, realistic and with great attention to detail.  I have found the best thing that meets my fix for city building is actual civil engineering software, as the only part I really enjoy is building road networks, naming the roads, and watching what gets congested and adjusting accordingly.  I hate trains so don't try to get me into railroad tycoon.  Another game I like is Universe Sandbox, however I am waiting for the next version as it has a few bugs I can't get over.  Can you guys suggest some simulation/sandbox type games?  Spore isn't complex enough.  Can't handle Minecrafts graphics.  Not into games older than the last few years.  Bored of Roller Coaster Tycoon already.  A newer version of Sim Tower (in 3D would be amazing).   My ideal game though has no point and is literally a sandbox, whose rate of expansion is limited only by the speed of my RAM and processor ( universe sandbox).  Suggestions?
[vampire: the masquerade - bloodlines, lionheart: legacy of the crusader, dark messiah: might and magic, avadon: the black fortress, might and magic 6, might and magic 7, shadowrun returns, jagged alliance 2, system shock 2, arx fatalis, anachronox, anachronox, geneforge, geneforge, this game, out there, game over, avernum, avernum]	Hello folks, first post here. So yeah... I'm looking for a RPG to sink my teeth in. The problem is that what I really want doesn't exist, I think. What I'd like is a KotOR or Mass Effect style game in the Warhammer 40k Universe where you play as an Inquisitor (I may have read Eisenhorn and Ravenor recently, and started on Draco).  I'd like a wellwritten story RPG that doesn't necessarily focuses upon saving the world (one of the many reasons I loved KotOR II so much), still has decent graphics (Baldur's Gate 2 is brilliant, but I have some trouble with the way it looks nowadays, sorry), and consequences. Maybe it would help if I just listed some of my favorite games:  The Witcher 1 and 2  Dragon Age: Origins  Baldur's Gate 2  Planescape: Torment  Morrowind, Oblivion and Skyrim  Vampires Dawn 1 and 2  Fallout 2, 3, New Vegas  Mass Effect 1, 2, 3  Gothic 1, 2, 3  Risen 1, 2 And many others that don't immediately come to mind. Don't get me wrong, the ones I've listed have wonderful replay value and are great games, but I just can't get myself to slog through Dragon Age or Mass Effect again. I appreciate all suggestions and thanks in advance.  Edit: My apologies for the format, I've looked at the formating help, but apparently the listing isn't working for me.
[patrician iv, the guild 2]	Hey folks, I'm looking for a game with an offspring/generation system similar to games such as Fire Emblem: Awakening and Record of Agarest War where it takes a bit of work for characters to get married and produce an offspring (or multiple offsprings). The offspring can be controlled, and will have stats that depend on the parents. Crusader Kings is somewhat related to this, though it doesn't take much work for the characters to marry.   Any genre can work. Systems are PC, 3DS, 360, and PS3. Thanks in advance. 
[tom clancy's rainbow six: vegas 2]	Does anyone here remember the SOCOM: US Navy SEALS games for the Playstation systems? I used to love those games. I played them all on my PS2, but I never got to play the multi-player one because I never bothered getting a PS3.   I was wondering if there were any games on the market right now that resemble those games. I'm looking for a game that has small-squad tactics, stealth, customizable weapons, realism, and pre-mission briefings that help the gamer.   I've played Ghost Recon, and that's the closest I've gotten to the experience I'm looking for. Still, it's not exactly the same. I want commands like Breach and Flash, and I'd like to be able to split my squad into fireteams so I can ambush the enemy properly.   So, any ideas? 
[planescape torment]	I was a huge fan of **LOST** so is there a PC game with such mystery? For example, not to post spoilers but I just played a game where the cake was a lie.. I really enjoyed how it started off as a standard game in one direction then completely derailed into something different and mysterious.  I really enjoy a long story game, **I don't care about actual gameplay as long as the story continues to unravel** and become darker. I'm playing the squeal to *that* game and kinda getting tired of the puzzles.. waiting for the story to resume.  Another great example is Mass Effect 1. I recently got Alan Wake &amp; Bioshock 1 so I'm assuming these have the elements I'm hoping for.  What else? 
[mark of the ninja, rayman legends, rayman origins, rollercoaster, racing games, rogue legacy, rogue legacy, action games, portal 2]	After working long hours always sitting in a chair I often come home wanting to play some games, but I cannot stand sitting in another chair. I just want to chill on the couch or bed, so I thought playing with a gamepad (I don't own a console, but a nice gaming pc) will work.  So I am searching for nice "casual" game with nice gamepad-gameplay. I played and really liked HAWX (action/flight simulator). I tried some egoshooter but just doesn't work ;)  So every suggestion is appreciated: racing, flightsimulator, action everything is ok. Thanks.
[starbound, starbound, starbound, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft]	My wife and I used to play minecraft a lot but it got fairly boring after a while and we don't really play anymore. I'm looking for something that we could get into again, preferably with:  * Building or exploration elements * Relaxed gamestyle * Not overly difficult or require much time to get good at  I looked at terraria but it seemed a bit too much like minecraft but 2D.  She's played The Sims, Limbo, Black and White 2, Minecraft of course, To the Moon... Maybe some others I can't think of right now. She doesn't have a great computer so she's fairly limited graphics-wise.  I play a ton of stuff, pretty much anything except for sports games...  Any suggestions?
[rogue legacy, castlevania]	I see a ton of posts on this subreddit looking for games with a focus on a good story, but I really can't stand to pay attention to story. I'm looking for single player games that, if they have story, they don't force it on you. Dark Souls is a perfect example of what I mean by this -- you could beat the entire game multiple times without learning any of the story.  Ideally this game would be dense in gameplay, also like Dark Souls. I'm mainly looking for an RPG but I'm open to any genre as long as I don't have to drudge through a story to get to actual gameplay.  (Oh and platform has to be PC)
[really big sky, geometry wars]	Lately I've been craving more arcade games that are very bright and colorful without being overwhelming. I can't really think of how to describe the exact look I'm going for, but Leave Home and qrth-phyl from hermitgames are a couple games I have that are pretty much exactly what I'm looking for visually. I also have all the puppygames games, but they're a little darker than what I'm envisioning. I'm not sure if this is a clear enough description, but I look forward to seeing what you guys come up with :)  Edit: I'm PC only for the moment. Also, my list of Steam games is [here](http://, which might help. Thanks for your responses!  Edit #2: I've realized that a much better way to say what I want to say is that I like the look of bright neon foreground stuff against a dark/black background.
[red dead redemption, red dead redemption]	I have 20$ in my PSN wallet and I want to see how much fun I can squeeze out of them, but I'm not very decisive so I thought it may be better to go by recommendations.  So here's a list of games that I've either heard are good, or they looked good to me on the store, I'd also appreciate anyone pointing out if some of these are actually crap.   |3$ to 10$|10$|15$|20$|   |:-|:-|:-|:-| |MYST 6$|Castlevania: SotN|I Am Alive|Assassin's Creed|  |Silent Hill 6$|Datura|Okami HD|AC: II Ultimate|  |Acceleration of Suguri X 6$|Final Fantasy IX|Dante's Inferno|AC: Brotherhood|  |Fatal Frame 4$|Final Fantasy VIII|Mass Effect|Arkham City|  |Canabalt &amp; Jetpack Joyride 5$|Final Fantasy Tactics|Journey|Bioshock|  |Metal Slug 9$|Manhunt|Oddworld: SW|Darksiders|  |Flower 7$|Liberty City Stories|Ratchet &amp; Clank|Jack &amp; Daxter Collection|  |GTA V cash 3$ or 5$|Metal Gear Solid(PS1)|Rain|Mafia II|  ||Max Payne|Splinter Cell HD|Ni No Kuni|  ||Red Dead Revolver|Killzone|Red Dead Redemption Ultimate|  ||Puzzle Agent|Far Cry: Blood Dragon|Portal 2|  ||Bully||Deus Ex: HR|  ||Persona 2 or 3|||  ||Midnight Club 3 dub remix||||   My favorite games are: Halo 2, Dark Cloud 1 &amp; 2, GTA San Andreas, GTA V, Cave Story, Battlefront II, Fallout 3 &amp; New Vegas, Hotline Miami, Xcom: EU. 
[tropico 4]	Hey there, /r/gamingsuggestions! Do you remember "Lego Rock Raiders"?   Lego Rock Raiders was one of my favorite games when I was little, and I still think of it today, always remembering how awesome it was. I loved how immersive it felt, and how much which was actually possible to do in it. There was always a goal on every map, but you could always do so many things before completing one. The way it works is actually quite similar to "Black &amp; White 2".   I'd love to "Lego Rock Raiders" again, but I've grown up. It's not the same thing, and it's not a challenge anymore. I'll never have that feeling of feeling like I just discovered something new.   So, if there is anyone who recalls Rock Raiders, are there any similar games? 
[prison architect, rimworld]	Hey!  I loved to play games such as Airline Tycoon, Cities XL, Prison Architect, Game Dev tycoon etc. But all of them kind of lack at some points.  Therefore I'm looking for a game which excells in a lot of categories. Just some things I would love to see on the game: - Should be quite new - open world which develops (like in "Industrial Giant") - random events/developments, so even after hours of gaming and starting new games you don't know what's coming next - like shuffling events from game to game - get some limitations if necessary ( via rules/laws) and get punished if you don't follow them - if catched...  Hope someone got a nice idea :( Thanks in advance!  E// Banished on my shortlist RearCity on my shortlist (testing open-beta at the moment)
[guild wars 2]	I have recently played three games that I enjoyed very much, and I'd like to explain why I enjoyed them, so you might be able to suggest similar games.  Deus Ex:HR - I picked every single lock in that game. I walked into every back alley, searched every office, looked under every object. I loved walking all over the place and literally searching every inch of the game for objects. [This was my inventory towards the end of the game](http://  Dishonored: Again, I loved searching every corner of the town to pick things up. I collected every bone charm and rune. Every bit of loot I could find I got.  Tomb Raider: I'm currently trying to complete this game. Before going on to the next part of the map, I make sure to thoroughly check all the corners, behind every rock, gotta find that last mushroom or the last statue to light or the last box of salvage.  I want a game that has an actual story to it but where I'm rewarded for searching all over the place and where I can act out my hoarding tendencies online instead of in real life.
[omikron: the nomad soul, grand theft auto, indigo prophecy, a voxel action, alien world, watch dogs, heavy rain, saints row, minecraft, gta 3]	Recently been on a sandbox kick and also games that have exploration elements, like Mass Effect (semi-open world). It just seems that most open world games are either modern, fantasy, or some sort of apocalyptic setting. What games have an actual futuristic city similar in vein to (don't laugh) Futurama? Or even Perfect Dark. Perfect Dark's level, Chicago, is a perfect example of an ideal futuristic city for an open world video game. I mean, the design, vehicles, characters and general atmosphere, it was awesome.  I didn't mean to go a bit off topic, but I really don't know of any open world games with a futuristic sci-fi setting. I've played Deus Ex, and Human Revolution, but they're a bit more cyber punk and still not really open world, just a bit explore-able.
[adventure games, strategy games, sim city]	I'm trying to prevent my boyfriend from going into depression from his accident at work. One of the things that has been really getting to him is that now that he has all this time off from work, he can't even enjoy doing what he loves most in his spare time, gaming. He was in an accident at work involving a table saw, so you can only imagine what that has done to his left hand. I need some suggestions for games he can play with only one hand, the only problem is that we are pretty poor right now due to me being in a car accident a couple days prior to his accident at work. I'm still open to a lot of suggestions.  He likes games such as: Assassin's Creed, Halo, Diablo, MGS, Dark Siders, Dragon Age, Kill Zone, Kingdom Hearts, Final Fantasy, Mortal Kombat, etc.  Our consoles are Xbox 360, PS3, PS4, and Mac (gross, I know.).   Thanks!
[super meat boy]	I have loved video games for most of my life, as I'm sure many here have. A few years ago, I had all the consoles of the generation, spent a good amount of cash on the games for them, as well as a capable (at the time) PC. I bought a launch PS3 that's amazingly still kicking, an Xbox 360 and Wii that both never got much use. As I became less capable of spending money on games, the hobby itself became depressing to me. It was also coupled with the fact that I was losing interest in the franchises I cared about, games that were unexpectedly dissappointing, and grew a distaste for the trends arising, eg. saturation of things with zombies, and games with predictable and shitty stories that really just wanted to focus more on multiplayer (I dont want to play against people, especially online. I'm more of a Co-op guy tbh, but I have like nobody who wants to play the games I would like, plus I'm usually not that great skillwise). the most I've given into gaming at all is mobile gaming and its just so fucking monotonous regardless of the addiction.  I'm just very pessimistic about gaming now and although I've wanted to really give console gaming (I dont have a gaming class PC) another shot again, whatever I'm doing isn't working. I just feel disconnected.  I'll list some games I've played (not always finished) and enjoyed in the last 10 years: Uncharted series (2+3 way more) Replaying final fantasy 7/8/9/12 (13 looked completely uninteresting). Portal series Half Life 2 series Guild Wars 2 Mark of the Ninja Rayman Origins The Last of Us Call of Duty 4 MGS (brother got me legacy collection, but I've basically played them all except peacewalker and I'm losing interest in the series the more they keep adding prequels) Ace Combat  Sorry if this sounds whiny. 
[cave story]	I didn't get ambassador, so I'm stuck with virtual console Metroids 1 and 2, which both have pretty significant flaws. I figure there's gotta be at least one third party game with similar exploration and collection aspects to Metroid, seeing as how we're pretty much never getting Super Metroid on the virtual console. I'm open to checking out a wide variety of games that are at least tangentially similar to Metroid, so gimme anything you can think of. VVVVVV, which I've already played, is a good example of something that would be close enough for me to check out.  EDT: I will accept Steam games, too, under the stipulation that they aren't 3D shooters. I'm looking to pick up Starbound soon.
[final fantasy tactics]	I've recently dug out my old grey original Playstation. To my dismay, some of the games I loved have been sold off! I don't own a Playstation 3 so I'm not able to download PS1 games, so I'd like re-buy some of those games.  Here are some games I already own/bought/planned to buy at some point;   * Crash Bandicoot * Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back * Crash Bandicoot 3: Warped * Croc * Diablo * Descent 2 * Driver * Driver 2 * Grand Theft Auto * Grand Theft Auto 2 * Final Fantasy VII * Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone * Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets * Medal of Honor * Medievil * Medievil 2 * Metal Gear Solid * Rayman * Resident Evil * Resident Evil 2 * Silent Hill * Spiderman * Spyro * Spyro 2: Gateway to Glimmer * Tomb Raider * Twisted Metal  I'm simply looking for some really good (Or so-bad-it's-funny) PS1 games to play. Any other games you guys can suggest? Will update the list as new games are suggested. I can't add every single game suggested, but thank you all in advance for your ideas! All genres welcome!   **Thank you everyone for your suggestions, you've really helped me with what else to look for when it comes to having fun on a PS1. Apologies for slow updates or replies, I got pulled away pretty quick and I'm in college now, I'll update the list with some of the games that have been suggested as soon as I can.**
[the stanley parable, thomas was alone, to the moon, portal 2]	Since I quit WoW (3-4 years ago) I have been unable to find a game that peaks my intrest. I'll play it for a little bit then just put it down because I'm unable to get immersed in games like I used to. Fallout3, Bioshock, DayZ,Minecraft,DeusEx,Shogun,Civ5,Sins of a Solar Empire,Skyrim,FTL.   Everything I play, I play for 10 maybe 20 hours then I just never pick it up again. I cant get that immersed feeling anymore. I don't think I've completed a story line in a game since... Portal and that was right when it came out. The only games I've been able to play for long periods of time are StarCraft2 and League of Legends.  I dunno. Any of you have suggestions of games that you think will rekindle my love for videogames? I don't know what i prefer because I honestly dont know anymore.  Halp
[sword of the stars: the pit, ancient domains of mystery, paranautical activity, realm of the mad god, the binding of isaac, legend of dungeon, desktop dungeons, one way heroics, rogue survivor, nuclear throne, cardinal quest, tower of guns, dungeon crawl, probability 0, fancy skulls, pixel piracy, dark souls, teleglitch, teleglitch, out there, out there, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, spelunky, spelunky, smash tv, angband, wazhack, wazhack, pick up, nethack, nethack, nethack, nethack, doomrl, derek, adom, adom]	looking for some advice on some good roguelites. you know, the big surge of indie games over the past 2 years that have had heavy randomization, permadeath and are hard as hell. I'm open to actual roguelikes, but I'm not a fan of ASCII graphics.   so far I've enjoyed Spelunky, The Binding of Isaac, Risk of Rain, FTL, Dungeon of the Endless etc. and I am looking forward to Darkest Dungeon, Darkwood, Sunless Sea and The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth. just to give you guys some insight on what my taste is.  early access or full release, doesn't matter. I'm open for any and all recommendations of the genre!  EDIT: forgot to add Rogue Legacy. played that too. 
[final fantasy xiv, know how]	I prefer playing healer, tank or supportish character but so I'd like to play an MMORPG where there's some kind of queue similar to the new  dungeon system in wow where you just queue and get omto the instanc... atleast something that makes it easier to find groups..  I'd also like as smooth combat as possible and as good pvp as possible...   is there anything like that? I heard Rift is supposed to be pretty similar to wow.. but I also heard if you're a new players it's basically impossible to catch up if you dont pay to win? Accurate? 
[magicka]	We've played Terraria, messed around a bit in Starbound (though it's still in Beta, so we're waiting for the magic there).   He says he's not interested in an MMO at the moment. I was pretty interested in Guild Wars 2, and played it for a bit with friends, but an MMO may be too time-consuming for us. My only qualifications are that the game has an at least two person co-op (online, we use Hamachi if it's not through steam), has a heavy element of adventure, (hopefully a magic system, but that's not a requirement), a good story, and characters that are customizable to an extent (interesting characters if it's not a game where you can customize them).   My boyfriend likes high re-playability, depth/complexity, and doesn't really want it to be a shooter. He says somewhat like Romance of the Three Kingdoms 7 &amp; 10 or Mountain Blade with co-op would be cool (I haven't played those, and have no idea what they are).   Please nothing with abusive paying methods/ a premium option/ free-to-play, but pay later. A free game would be amazing, but of course that's not always an option.   Anything out there?
[strike suit zero, space rangers, freelancer, freelancer, eve online, star wars, pirates!, ev nova, x-wing]	I've played and enjoyed FTL and Star Command but they're too limited. I'm looking for something more in depth. Perspective doesn't really matter. I'm just interested in managing a crew, engaging in trading and exploration, buying upgrades or new ships, that sort of thing.  For reference, I really enjoyed [Nexus: Jupiter Incident](http://, Artemis (and its clones), the old Star Trek bridge simulators, and so on. Ship simulator is interesting but a bit dry (hurr).  Starships are cool but I would also be down with conventional ships. Part of what got me thinking about this is playing Assassin's Creed 4 and wishing the ship part was more sophisticated and in-depth.  Any platform is fine. 
[brothers a tale of two sons, kentucky route zero, the walking dead, love story]	Here are a list of games that i've already played  **Gone Home** Not really a game in the traditional sense, but I absolutely loved it.  **To the moon**-Same  **The Stanley Parable**-Same  **Fez**-Beautiful and so much fun  **Papers, Please**-One of the best games that I have ever played  **Braid**  **Super Meat Boy**  **Rogue Legacy**-I see why so many people like this game but I had to stop playing because I sucked at it. I couldn't progress because the upgrades were too expensive and I couldn't make enough money. I also don't love roguelikes   **Hotline Miami**  **Thomas was alone**-Brilliant  **FTL-Faster than light**-I'm in the minority that didn't love this game  Any suggestions about what I should play next?   
[magic: the gathering online, card games, starcraft, only you, lol]	I can't play a game of LoL anymore without getting incredibly angry anymore. The game isn't enjoyable to play, only to win. I'm almost at the highest rank in the game, but the grind of almost getting there and then losing 15 games in a row and being completely out of reach just frustrates me to no end.  Is there any other multiplayer game I can play that won't leave me up  yelling at myself at night? I like competitive games, but I guess I'll get frustrated at those now too. I don't like single player games at all and can't get into them (I've tried every single player game you'll mention), and have tried Dota 2, TF2, CS, and WoW. I've also tried Minecraft and Terraria.   I've played a lot of games but can't get into any of them like how I've gotten into League, but I can't play that game anymore. Any suggestions?
[torchlight 2]	My husband and I are semi-avid gamers with relatively good gaming PCs, a PS3, and a pair of 3DS's. I'm looking for something we can play as like, a fun date thing. We like RPGs for the most part.  So far, we've played  * Dragon Quest IX (this was great)  * Terraria (we liked this, but we found we didn't work closely enough together to feel like we were playing co-op)  * Minecraft (same as terraria)  * Left for Dead (but we didn't really like it, and also we're terrible at it)  * Halo 1, 2, and 3 (again, not much replay value in there for us)  * Diablo II and Diablo III (we're more or less done with D3 though, there's only so many times you can play the same story)  * World of Warcraft (still actively raiding)  * Guild Wars 2 (it was good :D)  * Phantasy Star 0 (got reaaaaally repetitive)  Any ideas? :(
[dragon age: origins, mass effect, mass effect]	I'm a big fan of old school narrative RPGs.  I loved Chrono Trigger, the Suikoden series, the Breath of Fire series, Secret of Mana, Xenogears, FF3, FFT, and FF7.  These were *amazing games* to me and changed my life.  I feel like they just don't make that type of game anymore.  Modern RPGs like Fallout, Mass Effect, Bioshock are alright, but they are sandbox/open ended, whereas the RPGs I love are narrative driven, with all (or most) choices written in advance, like a story in a movie or a book.  This is the type of gameplay that immerses me, not sandbox style stuff.  On the other hand, the only modern games I've found that are narrative driven in this way have been JRPGs, and unfortunately all modern JRPGs I've played seemed dull and generic, with hopelessly one-dimensional characters and cookie-cutter plotlines.  (I did play Lost Odyssey, which wasn't bad.)  Can anyone recommend to me a deterministic narrative driven RPG made in the modern era (like 7th+ generation) with meaningful, non-generic writing?  (if not, as a consolation prize I would accept any offbeat recommendations for PS2 games of this nature.)
[beyond: two souls, beyond: two souls, heavy rain]	Just got done play Spec Ops: The Line, this is now my favorite game, based on the story alone, followed by The Last Of Us and The Witcher 2.  I'm okay with most genres, as long as it's a reasonable length, and the game play has to be up to par, as long as it's above a 6/10 for game play, I can stick around for the story. RPGs are nice, so long as there's no multiple endings (unless it's just subtle changes.), I prefer to have a more focused story. Characters are very important, more so than anything else, not much else to say on that topic.   Some things that matter a little less.  Games with nice soundtracks have earned my respect in the past, so long as it's fitting, and it's not playing during awkward moments, music is always a plus. Some form of replay value is also nice, as long as it's not tacked on MP, I can appreciate well done competitive/Co-op MP, as long as it's not tied to the main story, or doesn't hinder it. MP is not the only form of replay value though, collectibles generally won't pull me back in, but challenge maps (Batman Arkham games), being able to approach game play differently (Dishonored), and trophies/achievements that challenge me to play differently can bring me back for hours.  My price range is about $40 max, I have a PS3, so no exclusives for 360, PC, or next gen.  TLDR: By the time I'm done playing through your recommendations, I want to be traumatized.
[unreal world, minecraft, roguelike, roguelike]	Not sure the best way to describe what I mean by "exploration based" here since I suppose you explore in ANY rpg... but basically if you put all the games out there on a spectrum from 1 to 10 where:  * FF13 would be a 1 as it's largely a series of tubes running you from plot-point to plot-point. * Skyrim would be maybe a 5ish where the world is open but relatively small and static, there's fast-travel and quest hubs, etc... * Minecraft would be say a 9+  Given that scaling I'd be looking for like a 7+ that has character differentiation. As an example I've been playing the hell out of ToME for the last couple of days and thought it was absolutely amazing!... unfortunately it's static and that severely crimps its replayability.  Any recommendations?  Huge bonus points if the game is largely crafting based (ala monster hunter, level5 games, etc...)   
[alpha protocol]	I've played every Bioware RPG out there, starting with Baldur's Gate and ending with Dragon Age and Mass Effect 3. I love them all to bits. So I'm looking for more, from other developers. It's not like Bioware holds a trademark on deep, engaging, character-driven RPGs, right?  **Edit:** Thank you, everyone who replied so far. I hadn't noticed Planescape: Torment, KotOR II etc. were developed by different companies; I played them all too, of course.  Out of all the options, Witcher seems to be closest to what I want, although I wish it had several playable characters. Being able to interact/romance/banter with your NPCs, each of whom had distinct memorable personalities, is one of the things that made Bioware games great for me.  Avadon 2 seems promising, too; [it looks like](http:// it was strongly inspired by Baldur's Gate, at least. I'll see if I can find a gameplay video on YouTube.
[love games, wurm]	I don't know how many of you have played UnReal World but it's an old survival rougelike set in Finland. It was released in 1992 and is still being updated by it's creator, but due to it being so old, the GUI and stuff is fairly outdated and puts a lot of people off. I've had quite a lot of fun with it, but I'm a bit of a gaming snob at times and I was wondering if there are any games like this out there other than Don't Starve?  The "ultimate" survival game would have:  - Seasons you have to endure - No monsters, I just want plain ol' survival - Randomly generated - First person - Building, not necesarilly Minecraft style, but building of basic shelter and cabins and so on. - Different stats that need to be kept under check such as hot/cold, hunger, thirst etc...  I'm pretty sure not a lot of games like this exist, but if anyone has any suggestions please throw them out there. I just can't believe that a proper survival game like this has not been made recently.  If anyone is interested, [HERE](http:// is a link to the UnReal World website, it's an excellent game.
[fire emblem]	So I've always not liked SRPGs until somewhat recently. It started off when I sat down one day and started Devil Survivor 2, which is now probably one of my favorite games. I had initially played the first one but didn't like it too much. But after 2 I did go back and finish it.  After that I never really looked too much into the genre until Fire Emblem Awakening came out, which I really liked. Even though it's not really like the typical SRPG, Valkyria Chronicles has some really awesome gameplay. Edit: XCOM Enemy Within is pretty good too. Love the customization. Currently playing through this one.   Stuff I don't like would be games like Disgaea and Final Fantasy Tactics. These are the first two I tried to attempt getting into the SRPG scene.  One series I have been looking at is Front Mission, which seems a lot more like Fire Emblem Awakening. (and I love mecha) I've also been considering some other Fire Emblem titles but not sure which one to try after how good and polished Awakening was.  Ideas? I have the majority of consoles covered.
[most wanted, nfs]	Hey guys, I've been playing Grid 1 recently and I love it!  However, I still get really uncomfortable with the lack of open space in that game and get really nostalgic about NFS: Underground 2 which I loved when I was younger.  I tried Burnout Paradise which I got from a bundle somewhere, but it was so arcadey and over-the-top that I just didn't get into it.  Are there any recent games that will fit what I'm looking for?  I'm looking for an open world, car customization, and decent graphics, and I don't really mind arcade-y racing games as long as they make an effort to be serious.  I can run anything that's out right now.  Thanks in advance!
[football manager]	The closest thing I can think is Gratuitous Space Battles, but that's not exactly what I'm after.    I'm looking more for a game where I could design a ship (as an example, could be anything) choosing its wings, engines, weapons, and the placement of those things - then let it lose in an AI controlled battle against opponents (that perhaps I also built).  The choices I made in design would determine how it performs in battle.  GSB doesn't fit the bill because it's too strategy focused, I'm not interested in the strategy aspect as much as the building.  I'd love something sort of casual sandbox where I can just build without objectives or restrictions and see what happens.   Anything like that exists?
[dragon's dogma, dragon's dogma, dragon's dogma, this game]	Hello Reddit community. I am a new member, and this is my first post. I would like to ask for your help in choosing a game to play. I have played many RPG games, and I really want to find another great one.   Things I am looking for in a game: - One of the main things that I want in a game is to have a nice variety of items. This does not mean that it has to be a lootfest, like in Diablo or Borderlands. - I really love to see the items on my character. I hate games where you have a default look that stays with you throughout the whole game. I want to see my character's look evolve as I gather new items. - I am mainly looking for a single player experience, but I would play a good MMORPG with these features as well.  *OPTIONAL QUESTION*: Does anyone know of a game where you can have a character that holds and fights with a one handed sword with two hands? Not a great sword, but more like a katana or other one hander.  Games I have played: - Torchlight 1, 2 - Dragon Age: Origins - Elder Scrolls series - Diablo series - World of Warcraft - Rift - Tera - Borderlands series - Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning - Mass Effect series - Silkroad Online  Also I would be interested in a good Turn Based RPG game, like Final Fantasy 7 or The Last Remnant.  Thank you for your time if you choose to help me.  tldr: I am looking for a PC RPG game with many items that also change the look of your character.
[war for the overworld, theme hospital, dk2]	Hello!  As the title says, I'm looking for modern versions of my favorite PC games. They don't have to be "bang up to date", however being Windows 7 compatible is a must (as I've tried these games in Win 7 and they just don't work very well)  Okay onto my list!  **Dungeon Keeper 2**  Your dungeon floor is lumpy! I've tried the GOG version of this game, but it has two critical flaws - it's stuck at 1024 x 768 resolution, and it crashes frequently. I liked the micro management aspect of the game, and that you units could be trained and level up!  I tried a game called "Evil Genius" which seemed *kinda* similar, except the unit UI seemed to be broken (ie my own units destroyed my base), it too seems unstable in Win 7, and although the "Build a base" aspect seems pretty close, the whole "Micro Manage your units and resources" seems to be missing.  I also tried a game called "Impire", it's an *okay* game but IMHO lacks the replay value of DK2 as Impires levels feel to linear (ie for Impire, beating a level the 100th time you play involves doing exactly the same thing you did the first time you played as the game isn't "open" enough).  **Theme Hospital**  For similar reasons to DK2, I liked the micro management of the game, and the whole "Build your own dungeon" thing .. except it was a hospital.  **Age of Empires 2 / Star Wars Galactic Battlegrounds**  War! Huh! What it is good for? Absolutely nothing! Because it crashes in Win 7. Again I liked the micro management aspect of these games (I've listed them together as they seemed like the identical game but reskinned - hell in Galactic Battlegrounds you had to cut logs to create AT-AT's!)  **Black &amp; White**  I loved this game .. except for the "Pet", which just seemed like a burden. But the whole "build a village" "cut logs" "be GOD" was kinda fun!  **Red Alert 2**  Are you noticing a pattern? It's all "collect materials, build units, build a base" kinda thing. I particularly liked three aspects of this game - 1) Your units levelled up and 2) It was cartoon-y and the story was Sci-Fi(ish) .. Time travel, Chrono Units, Albert Einstein. 3) It had great replay value, each level seemed to have an infinite number of routes to victory. This game runs OK on Win 7, but I'd like to find a modern equivalent.  So .. any ideas of modern(ish) games which will run on Win 7 that you think are similar to these games?  Thanks for reading!  EDIT : Thanks for your suggestions, you have given me many games to try!
[sins of a solar empire, history of the world, command and conquer, supreme commander, age of empires 2, age of mythology, civilization v, warcraft 3, minecraft, red alert, starcraft, out there]	Hey guys, so I haven't gotten to really game in about a year because of a lot of work (with the exception of AC:BF, because that game was awesome) and I'm looking for what you consider a GREAT game for PC. I have a pretty wide range of game types I like, I love the AC series, I played WoW back in the day, I enjoy battlefield a good bit, and DMC and the new metal gear seem cool, my only pretty popular games that I dont like are DOTA clones (MOBAs) and the oblivion series. I don't know why, I just never really enjoyed them despite all the awesomeness I've heard about them haha. So, what is a game that you just cant live without that you think i should give a chance? all recommendations appreciated!  Note: I dont have performance restrictions, top end games allowed! 
[the middle east, tropico 4]	I already have Papers, Please. It's great. I'm looking for more games in a similar setting, that explore a plausible depiction of life under an oppressive regime. I am aware of numerous dystopian and Orwellian games [[1]](http://,_TV_programs,_and_games#Games)[[2]](http://, but of the ones I'm familiar with, it seems to just influence the visual design and serve as the motivation to go shoot bunch of people and become the savior of humanity. [The Moment of Silence](http:// seems like it might be interesting.
[mark of the ninja, mark of the ninja, a dark room]	About 1 year ago I found a great site informing about game deals. Since then, I'm buying nearly every Humble Bundle and using other ways to buy games as cheap as possible. Right now I have 120+ games on my Steam account (and about 20 on Origin, recently bought Dragon Age...) and don't really know what to do with them. My problem is that even though I have so many titles to choose from, I'd prefer to do another playtrough of Gothic or The Witcher. I'm also Assassin's Creed fan so I will probably buy AC4 soon. Could you suggest me a game that I should play? Maybe I just find games too boring and should only focus on these that I'm familiar with?  I nearly forgotten- here in Poland we have a 2 week winter break now so I have plenty of time.  Here's [My Steam Game List](http:// 
[the witcher 2]	I only have access to my PC right now and for the next week. I really liked Fallout 3, Fallout NV, Skyrim, and it has been a few years since I played either mass effect but I liked those too. Now one think these games all had in common was a leveling system that let you specialize and a world in which it felt very well designed and implemented to the point where it felt like there was a movie like sense of experiencing the creators' and writers' vision of the world. One of my old favorite games on the PS2 was Baulder's Gate: Dark Alliance 2; I know one of the less popular ones, but I loved that game for the depth it had in item enchanting/gem adding to weapons, the ability to specialize deeply into classes and I cant seem to find anything like that and games that used to be like that are much simpler now for a number of reasons.   I was hoping to find something new to play since I have spent far too many hours in Fallout 3, NV, and Skyrim. I have to say I would be ecstatic if anyone knows of a well built RPG that I could play.
[duke nukem forever, x-men destiny, mindjack, day one, amy]	My friends and I love playing terrible games together, and I've been thinking about marathoning a bunch of them. Off the top of my head I'm thinking shrek 2 for gba, sonic and the secret rings, sonic 06, and metroid other m.  Do you have any games that are painful like that? Not boring games per say, but games that are so bafflingly awful that it hurts. It could be the gameplay, controls, story, hitboxes, whatever. Bad licensed titles would be a good example.  Edit: I should be more clear in saying that I would likely be playing these on a ps3, wii, wii u, or xbox 360
[just cause 2]	Looking for fun, engaging movement, doesn't really matter what type of game, or if there is an active player base as long as there is some sort of single player element. I guess I would prefer third person perspective, but first is fine too. I currently have a well-equipped PC, and an xbox 360.   Games like this that I have played:  **Mirror's Edge** - Not exactly open world, but extremely rewarding and fun movement.   **Crackdown** - Cool movement, nice world, but I overplayed it.   **Assassin's Creed** - Nice, open world, but the movement gets stale.   **Tribes** (all except vengeance, including L:O, PFF, and Legacy) - Love these games. If there was an open world game that I could ski around in I would be set. Unfortunately, I don't think one exists.   **The Specialists + Double Action** - Really fun movement, nothing to do anymore though.   **Quake and its clones** - Not open world, but interesting movement nonetheless.    **Firefall** - Fun for a while, but i quickly lost interest.   **Currently trying: DC Universe**- Really fun so far, basically just what I was looking for, though it feels like it may get stale.  I realize that this is a tall order, but any help or suggestions are greatly appreciated!
[holy invasion of privacy, badman!, playstation portable, or2, demon lord]	Hey folks, I'm looking for a "if you build it, they will come" game. To specify, I'm looking for games similar to Dungeon Keeper and Evil Genius where you're in control over a base/area/town which, depending on what you build and/or how you designed it, different monsters/citizens will show up and populate it. To a certain extent, even SimCity Societies, that failed SimCity installment between 4 and the current one, is an example of this. The Tropico series is not exactly an example of this since what you build is generally economy based rather than impacting your citizens extensively.   Games on consoles (including handhelds) and PC are all acceptable. Thanks in advance!
[dungeons of dredmor, fallout 3, diablo, diablo]	Hey guys!   Missed the "recommend me a game" thread back on /r/Games but saw the link to this sub so I thought I'd ask here instead.  So I'm looking for some games that fit a certain criteria. I like to play video games, and I like to listen to music, and most of the time I like doing both at the same time. So I'm looking for a fun game with fun gameplay, that doesn't really depend on me listening to what's going on in the game.  Some games that go away instantly: Story-heavy games. If I need to keep up with dialog I'll get lost, stuff like Bioshock and Metal Gear Solid are fun but they don't really work while listening to music. Along with games that force you to listen to the game to play it fully, games like CoD (Multiplayer) go away since I'd get wrecked if I don't listen to what's going on around me. Or just games like Dishonored in where I wouldn't notice if someone's walking close to me as easily as I would while listening.   I've been looking at a few games though, games like Borderlands seem like something I could put a lot of hours into just going around shooting stuff and looking for achievements, but I've never played them before so I'm not really sure of how they work. Also the LEGO games. From what I've heard, they are really simple but still kind of fun, and I'd probably be able to put a lot of hours into them aswell, and I don't think I'd be limited if I played them without sound.   Do you guys have any other recommendations? I play on my 360, but I can play a few games on my laptop aswell, but nothing really demanding.   **TL;DR:** Games that don't require sound to be played fully, preferably longer, something I can put a lot of hours into.   Thanks!
[out there, wurm]	Hi reddit. I'm looking for a game that puts a heavy focus on teamwork and survival, but I probably have been pretty picky and have not really been able to find one that I really like. So, what I'm looking is:  * A persistent single-world MMO: Single-player story-telling games and games that favor many small servers are out of question. Everyone is in the same world and everything you do has a potential effect on anyone else. * Open world: No repeatable dungeons, instances, stats grinding or anything of that sort. * Survival: The player must survive against the harsh environment and whatever that may be trying to kill them (be it monsters, aliens, zombies or other players). * Perma-death: Death should be tragic and punished. If you die, everything is lost. * Teamplay: Teamwork should play a huge part of the game and help bringing the game down to a more manageable level. However, large groups of people also attracts even larger groups of mobs, so people cannot just form up a large community and be safe forever. There is no safety in large number. Small scale teamwork (like 3~6 people) is preferred, so you can form a close bond with your friends. Solo should be very hard and challenging, if not impossible. * No safety: You should never be safe. There is no NPC safezone that cannot be overrun. PvP is also enabled everywhere (except probably a separated tutorial zone where players cannot return). * Build shelters not home: You and your teammate can build temporary shelters around the world, but don't expect to settle down over there. Mobs will constantly attack your base until there is nothing left, or it may be overtaken by other players if you get too much attention. Basically you should live a nomadic style, keep exploring and keep only what you guys need. * Dynamic events: I'm not talking about lame events where you go out and kill mobs, and win equipment if you killed the highest number of them, or events like spawning a boss at a specific location. Storms may hit an area and go on for several days and generally make everyone's life shitty. You can pick up a broadcast from the radio that a large zombie horde is moving toward a region and everyone can decide if they are going to evacuate, form up a plan to combat the undead, or take advantage of the situation ( looting whatever that was left by people who evacuated, but risk getting killed if people caught you!). * Realism would be an added bonus: No mini-maps, visible HP, crosshairs and only proximity chat, etc. * Crafting system would also be an added bonus. * No micro-transactions that give you advantage over other players. * A good atmosphere would be a big plus, so no cartoon or 8bit style games.  It's surprisingly hard to find a game that satisfy all of the requirements, most usually fails a point or two. DayZ is probably the closest that comes to this sans the single server part. I'm partially convinced that a game like what I just described does not exist yet, so does reddit know if there is already one and any upcoming games that fulfills all the requirements above?
[dragon age origins]	So yeah, title basically. I'll make a list of games I like, with a sentence about what I like, and a list of games I don't like, with a bit about why. Could you guys make some suggestions? I don't have any consoles (or a tv for that matter), just my pc, and technical specs are of no concern.  **Games I like**  Diablo 2 - item system depth   Dark Souls - Mostly everything, excellent boss fights  Fallout: New Vegas - Great in depth story and characters, lots of exploring  Mass Effect 2 - interesting storyline, engaging gameplay  Terraria - simplistic, but really cool crafting system  Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory - atmospheric, good focus on stealth over run n gun  Honorable mention to Dragon's Dogma - I loved the shit out of this game for about 30 hours, at which point I realized all the faults sorta all at once, and haven't played since. The combat is awesome though  **Games I didn't like**  Skyrim - I so badly want to like this game, but all the reasons that get talked about are true for me as well  Dota 2/LoL - no backstory, all about gameplay, online communities  Mirror's Edge - Not sure what I don't like about this game, maybe it's the art, but it just kinda falls short for me.   I would be remiss to not mention WoW. I played the shit out of that game through high school and freshman year in college. I haven't played in almost 4 years, and don't plan to, but it's a good representation of elements that I like - crafting, factions, some exploration, lore, etc.  Soo all that said, anyone have any games to recommend?
[final fantasy tactics, shadowrun returns, fire emblem]	Hi All,  As the title states, I am looking for a tactical turn based strategy game. I have played and loved the Total War games( except Rome II sucked), Civ series, XCOM, and a couple of the Paradox games. Please recommend any similar game that you loved. I am not looking for LoL or starcraft as those games are fast paced and not what I enjoy. I have been looking at FTL which seems like it might be up my alley. Anyone have experience with that? Thanks.  Edit: Thanks for the responses everyone. I downloaded FTL and have been doing my research on all the other games you guys mentioned. I was looking particulary at Banner saga and Heroes of Might and Magic. Much appreciated.
[star ocean: the last hope, xcom: enemy within, resonance of fate, tales of vesperia, alpha protocol, eternal sonata, fever dreams, deathspank, be good]	I've already played the big Western releases and haven't played a good JRPG in forever. That being said, I'm open to any RPG really.  I've played the Mass Effect series, fallout series, Elder Scroll Series, Dark Souls, Dragon Age 1+2, and more that I'm likely forgetting.   JRPG's I've been told to look into:  * Lost Odyssey  * Tales of Vesperia  * Nier  * Last Remnant  Feel free to chime in for or against those four or to let me know about another game I should check out. Bonus points for a tone leaning more towards serious than wacky, even more bonus points if there's minimal creepiness.   Thanks!  Edit: It was pointed out to me that there aren't a ton of 360 JRPGs. If you have any western ones, I haven't listed, I'm open to those as well.   Edit 2: The store only had Lost Odyssey so I went with that. I plan on getting Last Remnant on PC sometime later. Thanks to all who helped!
[star ocean]	Hi all.   Never been a huge JRPG player, but I've really enjoyed my time with FFVII. I tried looking at some other games in the series like IX but it's more traditional in setting it doesn't appeal to me as much. I really enjoyed the sort of otherworldly technology thatn VII has. Is there any other games that have this sort of thing? It doesn't have to be a flat out sci-fi game, just anything that's something a bit different than swords and magic sort of thing.  I'm fairly open on terms of platform. The only thing I can't really access is a Wii-U or an original Xbox.  Thanks in advance.
[knock out]	I know it goes against what being a "true gamer" is these days, but I'm looking for something that's relatively easy, but still fun, and with enough going for it that you want to sink hours into it.   I think the best example I can think of is Red Dead Redemption.  The combat was pretty easy, but the story, setting, and characters made for such an entertaining experience that I wanted to play the whole thing through (actually finishing a game is pretty rare for me these days.)  I'm not stuck on any one genre, other games I can think of that match the criteria are Portal, the Monkey Island games, the Walking Dead, Sid Meier's Pirates!, even the better Need for Speed games. They're all fun for their own reasons, but rarely do I want to put my hand through the monitor with them.    I can understand the appeal of mastering something like Dark Souls, FTL or X-Com, but I'm just looking for something that would be good to unwind with after a long day, something that's fun but not necessarily frustrating.  Oh, and looking for PC games, from any era, really.  
[godus, reus]	I am searching for a good resource management game, preferably in historic or modern times, not a space game. I have played multiple titles before of which my favorites are: the Anno series, Tropico, Total War series, all Paradox Interactive games and Civ. It doesnt have to be as deep as Anno or Europa Universalis but has to contain a nice trading/rss management layer to the strategy gameplay.   The thing that I want: a game that grabs me from the getgo and doesnt let go until I've got a great empire. (I love good refreshing Indie games like Godus and the Banner Saga, so if I missed some please let me know!) 
[euro truck simulator 2]	I looked at my Steam library and realized that nearly everything I own are either fast paced adrenaline fests or mentally engaging strategy games.  I would like to play something that isn't going to raise my stress  level and isn't all that complex either.  I often have difficulty falling asleep and staying asleep so I thought maybe I could try playing more mellow games in the few hours leading up to when I try to crash out.    Currently I've been playing games like DayZ, Payday 2 and Gnomoria right before I try to go to sleep, so you can imagine how wired my brain probably is.  Has anyone experienced anything similar?  Can you recommend something to chill out with?
[team fortress 2, frontline, this game, tf2]	Halo was my game of choice from 2002 up until my interest in Halo: Reach finally faded sometime in 2012. Warthog launches hooked me, but I fell in love with the multiplayer. I've logged well over [6,000 matches](https://!page=index&amp;mid=82914) [including Halo 1] and have made plenty of great friends and memories in that time. LAN parties, midnight releases, marathon sessions, MLG-aspirations, you name it. When the Halo IP switched hands to 343 Industries, though... well, it just isn't the same; I haven't played since. Also, my 360 crapped out on me and after building my most recent gaming rig I told myself I wouldn't be buying any more consoles. I need to find a PC game to fill this void.  **Things I enjoyed about Halo**    Teamwork: Communication was important. People called out vital information. People usually paired up and roamed together.    Prolonged combat: Call of Duty - Bam bam bam, you're dead before you can even turn around. Halo - Bam bam, target turns around and then still has a chance to turn the tides of the battle if they're good enough.   Balanced weapons/abilities: Save for the Pistol in CE and the Needler in Halo 2 (which was fixed with a patch iirc) I think Halo has the most finely tuned weapons out of any game I've ever played. Every single weapon is viable and encourages wildly different playstyles. I'm not tied to the abilities, because I know that seriously cuts down on my options, but they were also a fun feature that encouraged you to play the game a different way.  Masterful level design: Hang 'Em High, Chillout, Lockout, Guardian, The Pit, etc. Anyone that played Halo knows what I'm talking about. I can't explain it. They're magic.  ***What would you recommend for me? Also, do you have any general tips for switching from console FPS's to mouse/keyboard?***
[kingdom hearts]	Games my wife might enjoy (  submitted 11 minutes ago* by newbiegamedev  Hey guys,  I hope I'm posting this in the right subreddit. I'm looking for recommendations of games my wife might enjoy. The purpose is to get her more and more into games.  To give y'all a starting point, her all time favorite game was Disney's Hercules. She also played WoW at my bequest and seemed to enjoy it. I'm thinking an RPG or Adventure game, something with an accent on story and visuals (not great graphics, just beautiful visuals), and with easy to grasp mechanics.  As for her personality, she's not too girly, so no need to think of "games for girls", just games that might appeal to newbies to gaming.  All ideas welcome. If you need more info, just ask. Thanks a lot.  Additional information: she has an old laptop, so I'm only looking for not-so-new PC games. I believe Oblivion is the max that her rig can carry
[sins of a solar empire, endless space, hard time, sci-fi, civ, civ]	I love the combat/RTS system of Starcraft 2. The thing I don't like about it, and most other RTS/MOBA games, is that I have to start from scratch again in 15-20 minutes and I never get a chance to fully build up a huge army with the strongest units. I hardly even get a chance to try out different units or strategies before I'm destroyed because everything is a rush to finish as fast as possible.  Something I loved to do in the old Warcraft as well as LOTR Battle for Middle Earth campaigns was build up a massive army and throw them all into the fight and wreck havok.  This is pretty much impossible once the campaigns are done in online play because I'm never taking down massive cities or pre-built armies.  I'm looking for a game with a combat/unit system similar to Starcraft/Warcraft but on a longer/larger scale a la Civilization.  So the game will last hours/days OR I'm building up my army from game to game more like an RPG (leveling up). Does such a game exist?  Sci-fi/Fantasy is a plus, but not necessary.
[league of legends, ragnarok online, la tale, nes]	I'm also willing to run games on low settings.  My specs ---  * Operating System: Windows 7 Home Premium 64-bit (, Build 7601) Service Pack 1 (  * Language: English (Regional Setting: English)  * System Manufacturer: LENOVO  * System Model: 1450ABU  * BIOS: Phoenix BIOS SC-T   * Processor: AMD E-450 APU with Radeon(tm) HD Graphics (2 CPUs),   * Memory: 4096MB RAM  * Available OS Memory: 3686MB RAM  * DirectX Version: DirectX 11  * System DPI Setting: 96 DPI (100 percent)  * Card name: AMD Radeon HD 6320 Graphics  * Display Memory: 1960 MB (Card)  * Dedicated Memory: 373 MB (Card)  * Shared Memory: 1587 MB (Card)  * Monitor Name: ThinkPad Display 1366x768  * Current Mode: 1366 x 768 (32 bit) (60Hz)  * Speakers (Conexant SmartAudio HD)  * Default Sound Playback: Yes  * Default Voice Playback: Yes   
[payday 2]	One of my favorite parts of GTA V, apart from the obvious rampages and ramp-ages with cars and the mountains, was the planning and execution of the heists. I love that the game gave you options of how to approach and carry out the jobs. You could pick your crew, whether you wanted to go in guns-a-blazin' or with a more tactical approach, and then you got to do the actual job itself in the way you set it up.  What games have similar elements to this? I've looked into the Payday games, but I'm not sure if I should go for 1 or 2 on that series. Also, I don't really have many friends on Steam and I know those games are highly multiplayer. Are there any games like those that can be done single-player? Or are there just any good criminal games apart from the GTA/Payday series?  Any suggestions welcome, thanks!
[lego marvel super heroes]	Hello! So recently, I started looking for games that I could play with my GF. She enjoyed:  -Skyrim -Alice madness return -We also started playing Starbound togheter and we both enjoyed it (I showed her Minecraft but she didn't get into it and I don't like Terraria)  I'm looking for a game we could play togheter on PC or 360. I'm planning on buying Guitar Hero on my 360, but I don't have that much money and as far as I know, those guitar are not that cheap.  Keep in mind that before in introduced her to gaming, the last game she played was mario on NES when she was a child so...  Thanks!
[planescape: torment, dragon age: origins]	I've been playing skyrim lately but my computer can't handle it as well, and it isn't as great as I would like. I have played both the witcher 1 and 2 and I have to say that I was truly impressed.  I have played mount and blade but I never got to like it too much, I was horrible in the combat and I disliked the lack of story.  I have been loocking at morrowind but I don't know whether to play it or to play the mod morroblivion, which would you recommend?  My computer specs: AMD A6-3400M APU  Ghz, quadruple core (4x processors) AMD radeon HD 6520G 512mb Vram 8gb of RAM Windows 7 64bits
[team fortress 2, this game, this game, starbound, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft]	Mom of a 12 year old boy here (he's an Aspie, by the way). Looking to buy PlayStation3 game (but I will consider a PC game)... He says he wants a "sandbox" game... As a non-gamer, I'm totally lost &amp; confused... I do know that he LOVES Minecraft, Garry's Mod, Little Big Planet (1 &amp; 2), and Team Fortress 2... I have no idea if any of those are even "sandbox" games... I do know that I'm not ready to buy him GTA - too violent, mature, etc... SOOOOOOO... Can someone help a single mom out and suggest some games that might be appropriate - considering what I stated above that he likes? THANK YOU!!! :)
[walking dead, action games, to the moon, gone home, deus ex, deus ex]	Here's the deal:  I used to be a normal video-game loving guy growing up, but nowadays I've found that I tend to be put off by the actual "game" parts of video games.  That is, long sequences of gameplay mechanics.  I loved The Walking Dead.  I loved Dragon Age: Origins with the combat on the easiest difficulty, because I got so much fun out of the characters, choices, and dialogue options.  So it seems like what I like is the interactive component of video games, letting me feel like I'm part of a story, but I actually don't like gameplay mechanics.  Any suggestions for someone like this?
[this game, civ]	I want a lot of  I'm not exactly sure what. Maybe you'll have some suggestions for me?   I want something with he style/animation of Monkey Island three, but maybe  just tend to gravitate toward that aesthetic when I'm looking for games. I'm also obsessed with Civ V and Majesty and in the mood to play Roller Coaster Tycoon. I like the feel and pace of Torchlight II and I like picking up a lot of items. I like adventure, development (of a character or civilization like majesty and civ), and new and better stuff as I go.   I realize there is nothing that really combines all of these, but I'm just looking for something new and FUN. I have horrible spatial reasoning,  try to avoid games where that is heavily relied upon. 
[planetside 2]	I've always loved Halo, but I've been PC-only for about a year and I've got to say, I'm getting a bit tired of military-style shooters. Using only "real" guns with "real" bullets isn't really exciting for me any more.  I'm looking for something that's possibly (but not necessarily) set in the future, with a large amount of unorthodox weapons. By unorthodox weapons, think of most of Halo's Covenant weapons, like the Needler, plasma grenade, energy sword, spartan laser, etc.  Even some of the "silly", less-serious MP shooters, like Gotham City Impostors or Team Fortress 2, primarily use modern, cliche weapons.  Any suggestions?
[payday 2]	Hello! I'm looking for a coop game to play with at least two other friends.  I'd prefer something that has a rich story, asymmetrical roles, side quests, and a defined ending. (A good example would be Final Fantasy: Crystal Chronicles)  I'm not totally opposed to guns and weapons, but I'm looking to avoid a game that you beat with firepower and no brains. (Mass Effect sometimes gives you the choice to take care of enemies with powers, persuasion, or by simply bypassing them).  I'd really love a game that required tactical teamwork, featuring puzzles that require everyone working in harmony to complete. (Like Portal 2)  I'd like to leave the over done fantasy dungeon crawls, or sci-fi FPS tropes, but I'm not opposed to them completely if they are really well done and offer a compelling and unique twist on the source. (Better than Diablo III or a unique take on the Left 4 Dead formula)  Here a few more games that we also enjoy: League of Legends, Starcraft, Legend of Zelda, Chess, Left 4 Dead, Halo, Kirby, and Smash Bros.   little aside. Two games piqued my interest: Monaco and Payday 2. Monaco seems to be a well done twist on the heist genre. I'm into the old-school look and feel, but for that pricetag I'm not sure I can sell it to my friends. Also, it has no demo, so I can't get a good feel for it.  The other is Payday 2. Another heist game. I would be all over this if it lives up to my expectations. I imagine you and your friends get a campaign to play through where you tackle theft of art galleries, jewelry stores, and banks. You get to decide how the heist goes down. You can draw a gun and demand it, or carefully monitor the security and make a clean get-away. I'd love to know if this game can be played full espionage and stealth, or if guns are always the answer.
[path of exile, path of exile, dayz]	This got really long, I'm sorry! :)  Shortened up, this would probably be what I am looking for:    - Multiplayer - Replayable (I will run out of content eventually, something like a PvP element keeps things interesting) - Lots of content (I LOVE League of Legends, DotA, Hearthstone and so on, but eventually I want something other than the same PvP match) - Probably both PvP and PvE - Progression (Non-grind. Grind is OK to some degree, but enough is enough. But in some way I want to get better, whether it is looks, gear or something entirely else) - Something to complete and show off (Achievements, minipets, special cards in Hearthstone, titles, rankings, anything that is possible to 'show off') - No exclusive content/gear/stuff (I get it. It's nice to give something out at GamesCom and what have you, but if it is something that the rest of us can't get in the game, playing our way to it, then my interest in the game is gone really fast) - No Pay2Win (Super Epic buy only gear, Rape your Opponent skills only from store etc) - Play on my terms, not the game (= Temporary content in small doses only please) - Loot, loot, loot (Fun to loot! Not an absolute demand, but some kind of collecting stuff is fun) - Strategy and intelligence should matter (No/little RNG please, let me plan and make awesome moves because I'm that good) - No subscription. Buy to play is ok. Free to play is better, but often means buy to win. League of Legends is a perfect example of a good free to play model.  This is a lot of demands, I know. The problem is that for me to really get into a game, I want it to be picture perfect. The last game I thought matched my liking was Guild Wars 2. And it was. Until I realised that every update was 90% temporary content often lasting for only 14 days. That way I can't play on my own terms, when I had time. On the other hand it got grindy when there was nothing left to do, except grind gold. But damn, I loved the game. It was multiplayer, it was massive, it was replayable to a degree, due to PvP and several classes, it had progression, a little bit to show off, lots of achievements and so on. The temporary updates however ruined my future fun in the game. Add small things to piss one off like giving out exclusive minipets at events (There goes my complete collection), take out achievements after 14 days with no warnings (There goes my complete achievement list), add 1-day-sales only in cash-store. I just stopped caring for the game.  I have generally found a lot of games fun, in fact I can play nearly every game, but they never last for long. Especially single player games are gone in a few days. Multiplayer is an absolute must have; I enjoyed games such as AirRivals (Amazing PvP but grindy and P2W as fuck), League of Legends (Replayable beyond belief, but always the same), GuildWars of course (Massive, but shitty updates, very little to show off and pisses me off), Hearthstone (Nice 'PvP', fun to collect cards, replayable, but simply not big enough, + exclusive cards exist), shit like Ogame (Strategy and planning ahead is fun. The pace is not. You go click a few things and go watch a movie).  As you can see I'm a spoiled brat. I want it all. In one game. Which is impossible. Hard because I often need to be in a game from the start (As to not having missed out on something), and the game has to be huge, often translating into some kind of MMORPG. But replayability and strategy often comes from stuff like MOBA's. Even then exclusive stuff and P2W stuff can ruin it for me.  The only future game I have found that is slightly interesting is Wildstar, but you know, no beta key :)
[high profits, fugger]	I am making a space sim game, and right now the trading is not engaging or fun at all. It's inspired by games like Frontier: Elite 2 and in my honest opinion trading in that that wasn't so fun either. A lot of games, like EVE and X3 (which I have tried but never gotten into) are largely influenced on economies and trading, and they seem to be quite engaging to the players. How do you like your trading/business experience in games? What are some games where you enjoyed how it was handled? Can you suggest anything for making it more fun?
[crusader kings 2, hearts of iron 3]	I've conquered Japan against rebellious Daimyos, I've killed The Wolf after besieging his castle. I've led a campaign that would stretch the breadth of Europe and pour into Asia Minor, bringing wealth and unrest to the empire of the Holy Romans.   Still I want more.  I would love to have an experience like the Total War series, balancing finances, altering tax rates, keeping my generals in check and ensuring my borders are secure from foreign threats in a turn-based, world-view; conquer-the-world campaign.  But I would also love to collect resources, set up layers of defenses, recruit individual units and make a three-pronged attack on an enemy's castle/city in a real-time, fixed-map; dominate your foe/forge alliances skirmish.  I would love to play a game that really 'feels' like Stronghold, or a game that challenges me with finances, civilian opinions and foreign relations like the Total War series (even if Sicily is a B)  But well, land-based.  I've played:      -Total Wars: Medieval II, Shogun II, Rome (I)       -Empire Earth      -Victoria II      -Europa Universalis III      -Hearts of Iron II      -Stronghold (Generalized. You bet your ass I played all of them)      -Rise of Nations (Not the second. *Shudders*)  Anything suggestion would be greatly appreciated.
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r., call of duty, mass effect, bioshock, deus ex]	I'm sorry if this sounds vague but I really enjoy well written characters following a great story in a easy to believe world. I'll be playing the Last of Us soon but need something to put me on.  I'm open to any genre and game play style that meets this - even indie games. Amazing graphics isn't too much of a requirement. In the past I've been quiet a casual gamer but have recently built a decent PC so even if you think it's a game everyone have played, please suggest.   edit: Actually I just thought I'd mention I absolutely love puzzles. So anything with puzzles will be a big bonus.
[dragon age origins, age of adventure, king's quest, broken age, so blonde]	He's specifically asked me to help him find games that fit all/most of the following conditions:  1. Adventure games. FPS or 3rd Person are acceptable if the game is mainly story 2. No retro/simple graphics. Games like Gemini Rue and btdt are great but he wants better graphics to start off with. 3. Already has: all Telltale/Deadalic games, Skyrim, Bioshock 4. Fuck all games that need Origin (Sorry ME3).  I suppose what he's really looking for are games from the golden age of adventure like Sierra On-line and Lucasarts.  Appreciate your help.
[timber and stone, dwarf fortress, unreal world, ultima ratio, rimworld, rimworld]	I really like survival games where you have to scavenge and build up your resources. I'm looking for a game along those lines that also allows me to build a town or something instead of just building an impregnable fort of my own and getting bored with the game. A game like Don't Starve where I eventually end up meeting/recruiting other NPCs and getting a village or something going. Or else being able to build a fort that's more than just a fence and a bunch of traps - maybe it's weird, but I think it would be really fun to build an actual house, farm, etc. And for things to get less dangerous as time goes on and my technology improves.  I guess the zombie genre might work for this sort of game - I tried State of Decay but it was really rough around the edges and very buggy.
[final fantasy 7, rpg maker]	Evening.   Hi. I've been having silly RPG cravings of late. I don't know - perhaps it was something I drank. Anyway I'm fondly remembering Dragon Quest 8 for the PS2, and even fondly-er, Skies of Arcadia for Dreamcast. Those games were just about cheesy RPG perfection for me (moons give me strength). It appears to me that there is very little to choose from on the PC these days. So, what I'd really like, is -   A turn-based combat system,  Anime/cartoony art style,   A nice, long, if not especially original storyline.  And if it was on the PC, I'd do a brief jig, so I would. Thanks.
[final fantasy xiv: a realm reborn, this game, this game, this game, know how, endgame, ffxiv, ffxiv]	I'm looking for a co op MMO to play with my wife. I say MMO because we played WoW together (I as a tank &amp; her as a healer) &amp; had a blast. Her &amp; I two-manned dungeons all the way to endgame &amp; then stopped because we don't have the time to commit to succeeding at endgame PvE/PvP, &amp; enjoy two-manning more than five/ten/twenty-five-manning.  Are there any other MMOs that we can play like WoW? Where we can succeed &amp; take on role-based challenges as a couple ( not need a group)?  "If you don't want to group, why play MMOs?"   We like lore, &amp; immersion, &amp; there aren't a lot of lore-heavy co op games; &amp; we've played through a lot of what is available (Borderlands 1 &amp; 2, Minecraft, Terraria, Starbound, Portal 2, Orcs Must Die 2, Dungeon Defenders). With WoW, there was a lot of lore (a lot of bad lore, but still, lore was available) &amp; because we're both busy a lot of the time, being able to just jump on &amp; knock out a dungeon in 30 - 45 minutes a few times a week &amp; then stop was nice.  It doesn't matter if the MMO is F2P or not. We haven't tried a lot of others (except for GW2, which we didn't like); we just want to take on challenges as a duo.   
[battlefield 1942]	My buddy and I are planning a retro LAN and have come up with a list of games to play from a decade or more ago. But here's the key - we'll play them on junkers. Somewhat of a blowout for XP's expiration date, I guess. A throwback to the 2000s.  So here's the list so far:  * StarCraft: BroodWar * CounterStrike  * WarCraft II  Edition * Star Wars Jedi Outcast * Star Wars Battlefront 1 &amp; 2 * Unreal Tournament 2003/2004 * Tribes 2 * Age of Empires II * Quake III Arena * Halo: Combat Evolved  Have any more favorites that we missed?  Added bonus: my rig will be a Northwood Pentium 4 Dell Dimension 4550 that I added a GeForce 6200 AGP 512mb card to and upped to 2gb DDR 266 RAM. Probably on the higher end of what we round up, but we'll see.
[assassin's creed, the middle east]	The Prince of Persia series is one of my favorite series of video games, and I've played every single one. Lately, I've felt the desire to play something different instead of replaying one of the PoP games. What I'm mostly looking for is a Prince of Persia-esque atmosphere--fantastical settings are preferred but not essential. Suggestions don't necessarily need to be platforming-heavy either, but I am looking for something action-y. Any suggestions?  Thanks in advance for any help given!  EDIT: I own an Xbox 360, a PC with beaucoup emulators, a 3DS, a PSP and a Wii U. 
[darksiders]	I've recently played a lot of action games that, though they excel in other elements, just don't engage me on a gameplay level, and it just wears on me after a while. So I'm looking for something that's just plain fun to play aside from other elements such as story or role-playing mechanics. I mainly game on PC, but I have an Xbox 360 and am open to suggestions from legacy platforms.  **Not a fan of:** Most shooters. ARPGs.  **Examples of games that meet my requirements:** Dark Souls, Devil May Cry, Batman: AA  **Examples of game that don't meet my requirements:** Elder Scrolls, BioShock, Orcs Must Die (though these are certainly all good games)  (Obviously "fun" is a personal opinion, but I'm just hoping you guys can give me some inspiration)  **EDIT:**  **A compiled list of suggestions from the thread and what I've played/found:**  Batman: Arkham Asylum (PC/PS3/XBOX360)  Batman: Arkham City (PC/PS3/XBOX360/WiiU)  Bayonetta (PS3/XBOX360)  Castlevania: Lords of Shadow (PC/PS3/XBOX360)  Dark Souls (PC/PS3/XBOX360)  Darksiders (PC/PS3/XBOX360)  Demon's Souls (PS3)  Devil May Cry (Legacy/PC/PS3/XBOX360)  Dragon's Dogma (PS3/XBOX360)  No More Heroes (Wii/PS3/XBOX360)  Max Payne 3 (PC/PS3/XBOX360)  Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance (PC/PS3/XBOX360)  Monster Hunter (Legacy/Portable/Everything aside from PC)  Mount and Blade (PC)  Shadow Warrior (PC/PS4/XBOXONE)  The Witcher 2 (PC/XBOX360)  The World Ends With You (DS)  Vanquish (PS3/XBOX360)
[star wars, gon]	So I'm looking for a (preferably) free to play mmo type game on PC. There was one I used to play, years ago, that seems to have vanished. Anyway what I want is something that isn't just grinding, the one I played a while ago had leveling, class changing, raid dungeons, "couples" dungeons, guilds, farming, fishing, etc. Basically it was fight to level, but then you could just chill and farm or do little side stuff if no one else was on. I tried the Gaia online mmo because I really like the minigames they have, but couldn't really get into it... essentially though, I think my ideal game would be comabt like Tera, house/guild creation like the sims, crafting like Runescape, and minigames like Gaia... but all free to play with pay for extras if you want to...  Obviously I think I'm expecting a bit much, but if something close to that was out there I'd love to know! Thanks in advance!
[magicka]	We are looking for something to have some pure fun with while playing through the campaign mode.   Something that allows for friendly fire would be awesome as we are the least serious gamers on earth and if someone wants to jump in front of someone else while they are unloading a full clip of ammo and bites the dust that would be just fine, and most probably result in all out war and giggles for half an hour before continuing on the campaign.  Not looking for realism or just released games. Something Fun and cheap with a year or two under its belt would be fine.  Thanks for your help :)
[fable 2]	The title doesn't explain it really well, but what I'm looking for are games similar to Suikoden 1, 2 and Tierkreis, where your actions have an impact on the world.  In these games, you have a castle and as you proress in the story and recruit more allies, the castle becomes bigger, prettier and, in general, seems happier and more "alive".  Also, the world itself changes. Certain places become different, NPCs change, towns change a bit, things like that. You feel the world changing and the impact your actions have on it just by traveling and looking at the scenery and the people, and it feels really rewarding.  So, are there other RPGs where you get that same feel?  EDIT: if possible, I'd also like games with a deep, thoughtful story that makes you care about this world you're seeing evolve, but any nice story that doesn't bore the player to death or that doesn't have irritating characters all around is good enough
[sid meier's pirates!]	Hi,  When I was in my middle teenage years I played a lot of video games. My favorites were Battlefield 2, Guild Wars, Civ 4, Half-Life 2, and Mass Effect 2. I'm trying to go back to playing some games as a way to decompress. Unfortunately, I just discovered my old gaming PC (upgraded in 2009, last used to play Mass Effect 3 and Skyrim in 2012) has bitten the dust, most likely. I don't have the money to fix it, so I need to find some games my laptop can play. It has to be playable with a trackpad, so nothing that requires real-time fast reaction times.  My main personal preference beyond those technical needs is that it should be an engaging game that can be played for relatively short amounts of time (&lt;1 hour). I want to feel engrossed in something. I don't really mind if it's an old game or online and modern, so on.   I have run FTL and Civ4 on this laptop before. I don't think these will mean anything since these are bare minimum specs but it's a mobile i5, M560,  It has 4GB of RAM, if that's still a fair amount, but of course, the graphics are onboard. For reference, Call of Duty 2 played on low settings, so long as I was actively cooling the bottom of the laptop from the outside.   If anyone has any suggestions, I would be very grateful. By the way, I did see /r/lowendgaming but it didn't look like quite the same as this subreddit. 
[grand theft auto iv, red dead redemption, rockstar games, l.a. noire]	Hello Reddit!     First of all, I would like to apologize for my English, I'm not a native speaker and even though I kinda know the language, my writing skills are really below average.  Now to the point of the topic. As I already said in the title, it's really hard for me to find the right game. I'm too picky and I don't really enjoy most played genres.     What I enjoy in the games the most is the storyline. And I don't actually like going through the game alone. BUT, I can't really play older games, even though I know they have an amazing storyline. Mostly because of graphics and because they are shooters. I'm sorry, I don't wanna be or act like a dick and I know you might hate me, but I'm just saying how i feel it. :(       For example the first Bioshock. I've heard and read so many times how incredibly amazing this game is, but even after 2 months since i installed it, i have only nearly 2 or 3 hours of gameplay.      Or Mass Effect. I somehow managed to finish playing the first game, but now I am stuck at the second one, because I just hate shooting.     I don't know how should i explain my game interest more, so I will just post below games which I liked and enjoyed the most.       Bioshock Infinite - Great game, with great plot and really charismatic main characters. I love when I'm not alone in a game and when I have someone with me who I can chat to, and who is giving me advices (or in this case ammo and salt :P). When I finished this game I literally couldn't stop thinking about anything else for the next few days.     The Walking Dead series - The same reasons as above, also I am a really huge fan of the TV show.     The last of us - Also more than a great game. And even though I dont own a ps3, I watched the gameplay twice on youtube and it was still a mindblowing experience. I really wish I could've played the game myself, but obviously [everything happens for a reason.](http://     The wolf among us - The same like The walking dead, just a different story. I can't wait for the 3rd episode.     These are kind of games I really like the most.      Here are some other games I really enjoyed too.     Assassin's creed series, both Portals, The Elder Scrolls III,IV,V, Dishonored, Gone Home was an amazing experience too.      The rest of my life I was playing Metin2 and League of Legends, but I am not seeking for an online game.     I really really appreciate every advice you could give me. If there is something you think I would like, or I really should play, please tell me. Thank you and have a nice day!
[kerbal space program]	Hello,  Could you please recommend a game that is more about building than destroying things?  Not Minecraft, please. I played i a bit and it's OK but it's absolutely hostile to the player. There's no way to get into crafting without a manual. I want something that I can use without referring to a community maintained wiki or something. Also I'd like to have a game with at least some objectives.  [Everquest Next Landmark](https:// looks interesting but it's not released yet and applying for a beta is a hell of a challenge (the site is broken).  Once upon a time I greatly enjoyed SimCity and [Startopia](https:// Though it looks like these days there's a shortage of economy strategy games.  I would like something not to fast paced (or even TB) so that I could relax a bit in after hours. And if possible the game should run on a Mac or be not very demanding to run OK in Parallels or under Wine.  Thanks  **Update**  Thanks everyone for recommendations. Right now I'm having a blast with *Anno 1404* (thanks /u/grandwazzoo) and waiting for *Banished* (thanks /u/LolaRuns).
[jade empire]	Hey folks, i hope you can suggest a good game for me which has chinese/japanese setting. The genre isn't that important to me but i guess a RPG would be the best. I own a xbox360 and computer with a good performance so it could also be a newer one. I really like this culture but never came to play any games acting(?) in it. Hope you know a good one for me. Looking forward to it. :)   Edit: Thanks for all the help. Im gonna have a look at them and will try some out. :)  Btw. Sorry for my grammar mistakes. It's not my native language. ;/
[company of heroes 2, my friends , civ, civ]	I don't get much time to play games, but I do love them!  Which of these 2 is better for casual gaming?  I had CoH (few versions) but I also noticed the current Humble Bundle for Civ 5...  I'd spend the $15 for the full kit if it's worth it for casual gaming.. I know Civ is often referenced as a time suck so I'm a little worried long games might require more concentration than I can give..  Thanks!   ---  Thanks for all the replies folks!  Sounds like you can't go wrong with Civ 5...  Now I just need to figure out if it's worth the $15 for BNW + G&amp;K + Civ 5  base via Humble Bundle....  Still not 100% sold... Downloaded the demo and will see if I can find an hour or so to sink in tonight after the family is in bed to make up my mind..  :)
[surgeon simulator, to the top, qwop, qwop, qwop, girp, girp]	I don't care if certain aspects of the game (or the entire game itself) was made horribly bad on purpose, or if it was just simply a bad game. I just want something that's so bad it's hilarious to play and/or watch someone suffer playing it. Something that's similar to the examples below.  Games with (purposefully) bad mechanics:  * Octodad * Surgeon Simulator * QWOP  Games that are just hilariously bad in general:  * [Supra Mayro Bross](http:// * [Supra Mayro Kratt](http://
[spacechem, spacechem]	I've noticed that my mind has become sluggish here recently. My Reddit and Netflix habits probably have not helped this. I have a pretty healthy (250+ games) Steam account that is getting kind of lonely. It's mostly filled with RPGs, shooters, racing games, and adventure games. I have a couple of games like Civ 5 that are somewhat stimulating, but they've lost their appeal for the moment. What are some games I can supplement?  http:// My games If this helps any.
[planescape torment, baldur's gate]	So I bought this stuff way back in December and I'm just now finding the time to sit down and play it. Problem is, I'm completely new to these sorts of isometric D&amp;D-influenced RPGs. The most similar thing I've played is Torchlight 2, which I'm guessing is quite a bit different.  Anyways, here are the games that were included:  Baldur's Gate 1 &amp; 2   Temple of Elemental Evil   Icewind Dale 1 &amp; 2   Neverwinter Nights 1 &amp; 2   Planescape: Torment   Dragonshard   Forgotten Realms: Demon Stone  So yeah. Where would be a good place to start? I've played several D&amp;D campaigns ( ruleset), so I'm at least familiar with the basics, but beyond that I'm flying blind.
[hotline miami]	There have been many HD re-releases of games lately that, while they are perhaps mainly quick cash-grabs, also allow a newer generation of gamers to appreciate the classics without being limited to the technology and processing power at the time.  However, I'm not looking for a list of HD re-releases. I'm looking for modern games (in terms of graphics, features, etc.) that are similar to and capture the spirit of the numerous older games that are very well-regarded but are perhaps not played as much (and not as widely available) anymore.  For example (a rather loose example), Super Meat Boy is an updated version of the classic Nintendo Hard 2D platformers. Though I would prefer games that embody the spirit of individual games as opposed to a genre, all answers are welcome.
[know how]	Hi all,  Hope you all are doing well.  I hope I am posting this in the right /r/, if not, please point me in the right direction.  I'm a casual writer for Planetside 2 and DOTA 2.  I really enjoy these two games, and have a passion for writing articles about them.  Anyways, I have written numerous articles for each game, but they are just sitting on my hard drive because I haven't found a game site to write for.  Do any of you know a good site that is looking for writers?  I have applied to many of them, but 99% of them do not respond.  I truly believe I create quality articles, with pictures, links, videos and all, but I just can't seem to get one of these game sites to let me in.  If you can help, I would greatly appreciate it.  Thanks,  Lanzer  edit:  I am now a writer for [] (http://
[dust: an elysian tail, tales of graces f, legend of dragoon, tales of xillia, chrono trigger, wild arms, suikoden, grandia]	She's watched me play Mass Effect,  The Witcher  and Metal Gear Solid,  so she wants a game with a good story.   She tried Mass Effect and couldn't simultaneously use the left and right analog sticks (ps3) simultaneously so she quit out of frustration.   We tried The Walking Dead,  but she found the game play boring.   We have a ps3, ps4 and a decent gaming computer (ran Witcher 2 med-high spec).   Tl;dr: looking  for a game with a good story and simple controls,  but still somewhat fast paced and a challenge for ps3, ps4 or computer.
[gta3]	I played GTA 4 a few years back and loved it, and I have the DLCs but havent gotten to them yet. I recently fixed up my PS3 and bought GTA V and TLou and my love for the games was renewed.  I haven't beaten GTA V yet, but seeing people draw references to the previous games makes me want to play some older GTA games, mainly GTA 3 &amp; GTA: San Andreas. I know they're kind of classics, so should I do this? They were on sale recently, but I decided not to buy them before contemplating it for a while.  Edit: Should be a question mark in the title, sorry.
[minecraft]	Hi there! I have never really been big into video games (at least not since I was a kid), but lately I have been wanting to try some things out. I started thinking today that I would really enjoy a game that involves architecture-- as in building homes, designing rooms, stuff like that. I realize this sounds really silly, but I think I'd enjoy wasting hours of my free time getting to build homes and stuff. Sounds like a lot of fun to me. Does anyone out there have any suggestions for me? I'd prefer PC games, but I do have a PS3 as well.
[artemis spaceship bridge simulator]	No, not the ones you hold on your hand and deflect arrows, I'm talking about spaceship shields!  I've always liked the idea of being a captain of a spaceship, and having that moment to say "Alright, the shields are holding for the time being!".  Star Trek Bridge Commander was one of my favorites, as it was exactly the game I wanted to play. I also liked Faster Than Light, even though the genre was completely different than STBC.  Can you guys suggest me some other games where I can take control of a spaceship, preferably as a captain? You know, design it, add/upgrade systems etc  I know there are some games like Sins of a Solar Empire or Stardrive but I don't think I liked the strategy element and the requirement of controlling the whole fleet.
[drox operative, drox operative, din's curse, din's curse]	I love the diablo 2 loot system where you can theoretically farm for the BEST gear rolls( I like Borderlands 2 for this same reason)  I love the loose restrictions on where to go and what to do as in Skyrim, Dark souls and Borderlands.  Is there an actiony RPG out there that has loot drops like crazy and first person play style like Dark Souls or BL2? I have played and loved All the diablos dark souls borderlands 1/2 dargons dogma + da skyrim vanilla and modded out torchlight 1 and 2 = LOVED THIS GAME Hero Siege Binding of Issac Path of Exile - fell out of favour with this game  To summarize I love loot drops either boss or random farming, leveling up a character with points or gear and the game can be 3rd person or top down.  An pretty version of Hero Siege would hit the mark for me right now.
[world games]	I love unguided exploration in games.  Specifically, I like it when the exploration is actually leading towards a goal, like in metroidvania-style games, the Myst series, etc.  I also like games like New Vegas and Skyrim, but not quite as much as more focused exploration games since the impact of finding stuff is somewhat diminished.  In a metroidvania or Myst, finding a secret passage or a new area brings you closer to your goal, while finding a cave or ruin in Skyrim usually just nets you some goal and a weapon you'll never actually use.  Lately I've seen a lot of indie games on Steam that brand themselves as "exploration games", but the few I played (like Mirrormoon and Dear Esther) end up being meandering abstract games.  I want to solve a giant puzzle, save the world, uncover the secrets of a lost race, etc.  Can anyone recommend a non-abstract exploration game where I can roam around different environments, find cool stuff and solve puzzles, and eventually reach a satisfying conclusion?  Examples: Metroid Prime, Dark Souls, La-Mulana, Riven, even World of Warcraft (simply because of the staggering size and variety of the world).
[p4g]	I fought an epic battle, motorcycle vs tree. Tree won. I now have about 3 months of recovery and absolutely nothing to do.    I have a PS3, Vita (I love the PSN store), DS and Wii. The games don't HAVE to be from from Japan I just tend to prefer them.    Games I have enjoyed recently include Persona 4 Golden, Radiant Historia, The World Ends With You and Soul Sacrifice. I don't have any RPGS for my PS3 yet so that's where i'm really lacking.     Thanks!   EDIT: Forget to mention, all past Gameboy games and PSP games are very much welcome.
[the secret world]	Although I get flack for liking games that aren't *really* games I love a good story - gameplay in a sense comes secondary.  I love the crap out of Gone Home, The Stanley Parable and To The Moon and decided to grab Dear Esther from Steam now it's -75%.  Back when I was a console gamer Fahrenheit/Indigo Prophecy and Heavy Rain were shit hot.  I'm partial to the odd point-and-click adventure although it's hit and miss over whether or not I get sucked in - original Broken Sword series was great, Still Life 1/2 were flawed but I liked the storyline but the Longest Journey games just couldn't hook me.
[crusader kings ii]	I enjoy video gaming casually as well as in long spurts however I don't have much money for myself because most of what I get is used on various expenses. Since I don't have a lot of money I'm looking for a new game that is as affordable as possible which I can play in either short runs for say an hour or two or in long runs anywhere from 8 to 12 hours depending on my mood. It also should last me good while too since I don't have money for games very often, I don't want to finish it within a week.  As for other details I only have a PC so please don't recommend console games, I also enjoy all kinds of genres.  Here's a brief list of the games I own so that you know what to ignore, I'm leaving ones out that I think people won't suggest:  - All the Total War games excluding Rome 2  - All the Company of Heroes games  - Skyrim, I've got no interest in the previous games for my own reasons.  - Star Wars: Empire at War  - Sins of a Solar Empire Rebellion  - Dota 2 and League of Legends  - All the Bioshock games  - Civilization 5  Please don't use this as a reference for what kind of games I might like though, I really enjoy just about anything.   EDIT: I should mention that I'm not a huge fan of arcade style games, Super Meat Boy for example holds no interest for me however I did enjoy Orcs Must Die 2.   EDIT2: Just to be clear I'd like to quickly mention that I don't earn a lot of money so I'd prefer if the game was cheap.
[tropico 4]	I've been playing loads of Crusader Kings and love the building up from nothing into something big type of games.  Titles I've played which is similar to what Im looking for; Tycoon games (My favourite being Transport Tycoon Deluxe, or OpenTTD nowadays), Game Dev Tycoon (although this seemed to be alot more random which I didn't really enjoy and I didn't play it that much) , Civilization 5, Crusader Kings 2, I'm planning to play some Total war games but Im kinda burned out from all the Crusader Kings as of late. The concept of building, upgrading, buying stuff to grow your whatever it is you're playing as. Even games like Gran Turismo or the older need for speed games where you buy parts or new cars to get a better car etc.
[kingdom hearts: birth by sleep, tales of vesperia, legend of heroes, final fantasy, fantasy games, last remnant, lost odyssey, out there, cut it]	Hi! I'm looking for a game for my daughters. They just finished Eternal Sonata on the Xbox360 and loved it and are starting Resonance of Fate. But the 360 is so annoying to turn on, and anyways, they should be on the One True Platform, right? ;)  We have a Windows 8 tablet with an Atom Z3740, and a ThinkPad T400 with something (Intel HD on the Core 2 Duo T9400 I think?). The WinSAT scores for D3D are  and , AFAIK.  So far, I've found:  - Recettear: An Item Shop's Tale (Looks pretty good) - Fortune Summoners (reviews say mediocre) - Chantelise - A Tale of Two Sisters - Fairy Bloom Freesia  Also:  - The Last Remnant (But I think the graphics might not work well)  Perversely, I'm actually looking for something with the option of English audio - they read, but not super fluently. And both girls really like playing girls.  Suggestions? Or should I try to get the PS2 emulator working on one of those machines?
[sim city, the sims]	I'll try my best to keep this short and sweet with some bullet points.  I'm just looking for a game to lose myself in. Nothing too combat focused (If at all). Games like this would be Harvest Moon, Animal Crossing, Minecraft, games where you need to take care of yourself and possibly others/your home/the environment. I've played all 3 of the above games and they didn't fulfill that itch that I'm craving to scratch.   I saw a game go on "paid open beta" on steam today called Windborne, but it has only 1 review and I'm not willing to go out on a limb just yet to try it.
[rise of nations]	I'm not too sure what a 4x game is, but what I really want is a game that has the scientific progression of civilization (transitioning from the stone age to medieval, to basic fire arms, modern scientific advances, and finally, futuristic advances), but at the same time a city building experience like how Tropico places farms, tech buildings etc. Don't know if there is a game that is even close to what I'm looking for. While I don't mind the fact there there might be other ai or players that I am competing against, I don't want a game that focuses on military dominance. I was thinking of picking up Anno, but I'm not entirely sure if it is what I'm looking for. I played Civ, Simcity4, and Tropico 4. I've also played games like Age of empires, but again, I'm not looking for a focus on military and also a focus on scenarios/campaigns (Basically a Congrats you win!) unless there is an option to continue.   TLDR: I'm looking for science progression like Civ, a city builder that plays as a sandbox, and has building placements like Tropico 4. If there is nothing like this, then also please let me know.
[dark souls]	I'm looking for an rpg that is tile based that is not story driven where I can run around and level up at my own pace. Reason being that I want to play an rpg but I don't have the time to keep track of a plot. If someone knows a game that would be good to play that would be awesome! thanks in advance  EDIT: I realized that I probably made this a bit broad. I'm looking for something that functions like the world of the anime sword art online for those that have seen it. But I don't want an MMORPG. I just want a single player rpg that revolves around one person as in not a team of people and where you just level up in preparation for boss fights and can play the game in different ways(brawler, mage, knight, etc.) I also like games that are medieval-esque but that would just be a bonus here.
[pocket trains, train empire, pick up]	Looking for an Android game that "grows",  like starting with almost nothing and getting great loot or similar over time.    It needs to be without "come tap on this during this time to get it",  as I only want to play it when I want.   Something like empire building perhaps,  but graphics aren't needed.   Would probably prefer a paid game,  as I doubt there would be a fitting one without IAP or need to share to progress.   I've tried so many games that end up being "wait 20h or pay"  after every few taps.  I'm fine with waiting,  but not as an excuse to make you want to pay for IAP. 
[torment: tides of numenera , virtue's last reward, virtue's last reward, planescape: torment, planescape: torment, steins;gate, geneforge, geneforge, persona 4]	I just finished the Mass Effect series for the third time. What I enjoyed most about it was that even after all these play-hours, I still get excited about getting back into it and spending as many hours playing as I possibly can. Mostly for the story and playing through it's progression.  Grinding games or open world games can be fun but I am looking for a great story to consume. Of course the downside with these types of games is that you always have to find fresh ones to grab your attention. Chances are I have already played what you might suggest, but I'm curious to find out what everyone's favorite page-turner is.
[devil may cry, persona 3, bayonetta, xbox 360]	[Here](http:// is my collection at the moment...  I'm looking to buy some games soon, so which would you recommend? I like pretty much all kinds of games, so genres are not really limited for me...  If it matters, I already have a list of some games I probably would like to get from a while back, but I'm not sure what's worth getting in there either... And here it is:  -Final Fantasy XIII-2  -Mass Effect Trilogy (I was leaning towards this but it's expensive and very rare to find here in Europe)  -Hitman Absolution  -Devil May Cry HD Collection  -Sleeping Dogs  -Resonance of Fate  -Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance  -Far Cry 3  -Gran Turismo 6  -Tales of Xillia  -NIER  -DmC
[xcom: enemy unknown]	So I'm not sure if there is a specific name for the type of game i'm looking for, but it is the type that Final Fantasy Tactics is. Easily one of my favorite types of games to play, sadly it's a very rare type to encounter. I have dubbed them 'Grid Turn Based Strategies', meaning they are turn based and have a grid (think chess board) type movement system. This contrasts the other type of game in this genre, which are the ones like Civ/HoMnM.  I'm looking for the FIRST type of game, not the second. Here are some of the games i have played/know about in this genre already:  * FFT (and sequels)  * Fire Emblem  * Advanced Wars  * Tactics Ogre  * Front Mission  * Project X Zone   There are basically three hallmark characteristics of this type of game - the first of which is that you keep units from one skirmish to another. You have a 'squad' that you level up and take with you from match to match. Huge bonus points if there is a 'job' type system (i love this). The second is there is minimal resource management - typically you only have gold that you use to purchase items and equipment in between fights. Thirdly is it being in a chess grid, rather than an over-world type map like Civ.   I think i know nearly all the games in this genre, but if you guys can give me a hand i would give you some internet points. Cheers!  EDIT - suppose i should tell you what platforms i have available:  PC, PSP, 3DS. PC has any/all emulators. PSP is also modded for emulation.  EDIT 2 - Also there is a 4th feature - they aren't strictly 'turn based'. I don't move all my units then the enemy moves all theirs, units are placed in an order (typically) due to a 'speed' stat.
[borderlands 2]	It's a specific request, but: the most fun my wife &amp; I have ever had gaming together was two-manning dungeons in WoW.   I played a tank &amp; she played a healer &amp; it was great; devising strategies for pulls &amp; using everything in our toolkits to succeed &amp; progress. We didn't have time - or interest - for endgame raiding or PvP &amp; went looking for the same experience in other games &amp; haven't found it. We've tried a few MMOs &amp; a lot of other co-op PC games but the feelings just aren't there.  We're playing SWTOR now based on a suggestion from this sub but... I don't know what it is but it isn't the same. Levelling feels tedious, &amp; maybe it's just the classes that we picked but the story-lines aren't engaging for us either (not that WoW's was). We tried GW2 but didn't like its classlessness. LotRO was OK but all the expansion packs, quest packs, character perks, etc. bought with $ was overwhelming (not because we couldn't afford it; it just all felt confusing &amp; turned us off).   We want to be challenged too; questing in most MMOs is boring because it's so easy. WoW's questing was easy too but it had enough dungeons that we were able to level all the way up in just them. We were thinking of trying Rift or moving forward with SWTOR or LotRO but aren't sure. Our work schedules are busy too so it's hard for us to commit to a guild or other players for challenges that are bigger. We want to just be able to play 1 or 2 dungeons &amp; have fun &amp; then log off. Am I looking for something that only exists in WoW? Are there other MMOs - F2P or non, it doesn't matter - that can scratch this itch for us?
[dwarf fortress, path of exile, quake live]	[PC] Honestly, I just want something new as I pass through games pretty quickly. My computer's only average, so please no "Tera" types. I'd rather not have games that take up a lot of memory, but I'll take what I can get (I tried Aion and it pretty much gangbanged my small hardrive). I've recently been playing Loadout and Shin Megami Tensei: Online, Gunz 2 is pretty cool too (Though I've only played once due to the server limit). In depth customization would be cool too, I like the feeling of originality and individuality, one way or another. I get that I'm asking for a lot but I'm just curious to see what I can get :)   Cartoon/anime animations are welcome. Thanks :)
[planescape: torment, baldur's gate]	I'm quite entertained by following the writings of [CRPGADDICT](http:// closely. Given my age (not yet but in a few years 40) and being a gamer since, like ever, I know many RPG titles and such. But recent years have turned me into a "play quick and get it done" player. Mostly FPS :/  In my younger years I loved playing adventure games; a few text only must mostly the Lucasfilm/Lucasarts and Sierra classics. The Quest for Glory series was and still is my star. Mixing puzzle solving with RPG elements is something I never experiences again.  The last RPG games I played through were Fallout 3 and Skyrim. In Fallout 3 i was my second take (first one I tried to do many side quests but never finished the main one) and Skyrim took me about 70h to finish as Level 31. At this level I was way to overpowered for the final chapter and merely ran through it.  Although I lost myself in the maze of side quests in F3 on my first try, it's not that kind of RPG I'm searching for. I get the following the modern Tripple-A games don't really require you to immerse but you get your fool-proof-journal-task-list-so-you-dont-forget-things. Mind you I would have been lost without that list though.  I find the graphics and environments of the modern games beautiful but also distracting. Distracting from my freedom to be immersed the way I imagine things.  So.  What kind of RPG am I searching for? For some reason many things I don't want/like come to my mind.  * No JRPG. I just can't connect to their style at all. * Almost nothing made within the last 10 years. Two reasons: first, I want to be able to easily play on my notebook. Second, actually I think I want to try one of those "classic RPG" from "back then", like the 80s or 90s. * No pure dungeon crawlers; I prefer a living and breathing world around * Emulators are fine * Requiring me to draw maps is OK but shouldn't be required to keep me oriented * Requiring me to take notes to not get lost in all the names/town/people/cities is OK (but mustn't exceed a certain level of sanity). * I'd like to start small. I don't want to get demotivated by a game exceeding my mental capabilities to remember all connecting dots to follow the story * In a nutshell, the learning curve should be "beginner to moderate". * English or German.  I very well remember [Die Dunkle Dimension](http:// on C64 which I played through as a child. * Top-down, isometric or first person doesn't matter. Movement block by block in first person is OK too (like the recent Legend of Grimrock; but it only dealt with dungeons). * Setting wise I want to start with medieval/fantasy * No MUDs. Single player offline strictly.  I'm aware of those but don't want to play yet; either because of their size or complexity (as far as I know):  * Any Ultima. For now I consider them too complex. I played 6 or 7 a bit a looong time ago but never got anywhere. I played through 9 almost 10 years and it was great but that experience was on a different level which is not what I'm seeking * If find Rogue-like games or nethack too abstract at the moment. Less in that case is too less for me.  A game should fit my life schedule. I want to be able to quickly fire it up, play for an hour or two and pick it up from where I was two or three days from now.  I guess the list just grew smaller ...
[world of tanks]	Since I've started working full time I've had significantly less time/energy to put into playing the games I usually do. What I'm looking for are some super casual and mindless games that I can play for a few minutes a day just to relax. I've already got my eye on games like Peggle, Faerie Solitaire, and Hearthstone but I was wondering if you kind folks could perhaps give your thoughts on the games listed above or even list some other games that you feel fit my description. I know that PopCap tends to specialize in this kind of stuff so any of their games are welcome, though in general I'd prefer if they, as well as any other games were on Steam (though that isn't mandatory by any means).  Thanks in advance for all your help!  **Edit:** Thanks for the suggestions folks, some interesting games that I'll definitely be checking out!
[fallout 2, deus ex]	I have only been doing RolePlay runs for about a year, and I am looking for a game that I can play through as a character. I would like something that is similar to Fallout/TES that I haven't played before. I have Morrowind, Oblivion, Skyrim, FO3, FO:NV, and (Not by Bethesda) Mount and Blade: Warband.   I have most of these on PC and console and I am able to mod. But I want a different game because I have done dozens of playthroughs on each and I know too many of the quests to become immersed like I was the first time or two.   Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.
[hotline miami]	I'm looking for a game that's easy enough to pick up and play for maybe thirty minutes give or take and just not have to think too much about how I play. Preferably a game where I can get right into the action and not have to go through npc's or a story or navigate through a big map (so most rpg's and open worlds are out).   I'm leaning more towards shooters right now, especially if it's cheap or free. Offline games with good PvE or campaign modes are alright too. I'm also open to other genres if anyone has any good suggestions.  Playing/already recently played: Blacklight: Retribution Warframe Borderlands 2 CS:GO Left 4 Dead 2 Team Fortress 2 Loadout
[strategy games, mutant mudds, playstation, shantae]	I am primarily a PC gamer, but with the rise of [Twitchplayspokemon](http:// I've been interested in getting back to handheld gaming (iOS ain't cutting it.) My last handheld was an original GameBoy Advance so it has been a few years. I am having trouble deciding between the Vita or a 3DS XL.   I've never owned a Playstation anything, so some of the PSOne titles on there, as well as its more open nature towards indie stuff (Spelunky, Risk of Rain, Hotline Miami) has me interested. It seems to have more games in-line with what I am used to on the PC.  However I am thinking of the 3DS mainly for Pokemon (I think Gold was my last), among other games (N64 Re-releases, SSB, MarioKart.)  **Can anyone convince me one way or the other, and maybe suggest some games I might like?**  *Some info that might help:*  * Not super interested in multiplayer * Don't own either home console, but interested in the cross-connection aspect later on * Have access a handful of original DS games from when my wife had one * Have my phone for Music, Videos, web browsing, camera. This handheld would almost be exclusively gaming.  *Recent PC Games I Liked* (For game suggestions)  * Skyrim * Bioshock Infinite * Simcity * Borderlands 2 * The Walking Dead * Risk of Rain * Papers, Please * Gone Home * Civilization 5 * Saints Row 4 * Lego (Marvel, Batman, Harry Potter...)  *Genres I'm not really interested in*  * JRPGS * Survival Horror * Stealth * Strategy (Civ 5, notwithstanding) * Sports  I know this is a lot of information, but I hope you all can help me out!
[you only live once, indiana jones, risk of rain, la-mulana, spelunky, spelunky, spelunky]	I know the games are completely different, which is why I'm not expecting a game that does both. I'm moreso looking for something that I can hop in for 30-60 minutes and feel like I've done something / beat a session, and put it down easily.  I really enjoy Risk of Rain (Both single player and co-op), and La-Mulana is rage inducing with the complete lack of direction, but it's still fun in short bursts.  I'm open to just about anything. If you like either of those games, I'll probably like whatever you suggest.  Bonus points if I can do what I do in Risk of Rain - which is tie down the trigger button and go afk for a few hours, and come back OP.
[play it again]	I'm looking for pretty much any genre of game with a strong sense of progression. Any game with a nice relative power curve where you can compete with your current level of enemies or adversity, but where the game makes you want more because it's very rewarding to get that extra power. Ideally, I want a game that evokes a feeling of starting with practically nothing and turning that into some serious power. Minecraft's survival mode can really evoke this feeling quite well -- you start with literally nothing, and eventually have some sort of epic fortress with all the bells and whistles as an ultimate "power". Starting with absolutely nothing gives those warm fuzzies.  Some examples of games I've played with what I'm looking for:  - **Diablo series** - start with short sword or crappy staff, end up in epic fantasy/medieval gear with ridiculously powerful skills - **Path of Exile** - same as Diablo - **Minecraft** - start with nothing, end with everything - **Don't Starve** - similar to Minecraft, though perhaps too roguey for me - **SimCity** - blank slate, build up to better power sources, better city features etc. - **KSP** - I have a lot to say about this game, but I'll just say it's *extremely* unique in how it rewards "progression",  learning - **Rogue Legacy** - Really nice progression. I've discovered I'm not too keen on rogue-style games - **Metroid (SNES)** - This game had such good progression. All the weapons/abilities not only made you more powerful, but were essentially keys to unlock more of the world. - **Planetside 2** - It's arguable about how impactful many of the certification lines are or whether it's even a good thing for the game, but I thoroughly enjoy them as an icing to the cake. - **Elder Scrolls series** - These games have a somewhat flawed power curve, but they still have a clear power increase from Iron-&gt;Daedric with skills and perks in Skyrim.  I guess my only exceptions are subscription-based MMOs (F2P are fine).
[space rangers hd: a war apart, space rangers hd: a war apart, space combat, space combat]	By which I mean, a game that is similar to Sid Meier's Pirates! or Sword of the Samurai, in which most of the actions you can perform in the game is it's own minigame. In Pirates, you have dueling, ship fights, dancing etc. In SotS, you have dueling, platforming, (very rudimentary) real time tactics etc. I played both these games to exhaustion, and I'm looking for similar games.   On PC, if at all possible, though PS2 or PS3 suggestions are always welcome. I don't really care if they're old or new, I'd just appreciate some suggestions.  Thanks!
[the walking dead, animal crossing, adventure games, mario party, to the moon, the sims 3, gobliiins, okami]	Hello, all!  My girlfriend has always had a bit of an interest in gaming. Loves Mario Kart, kicked around Okami for a few hours, but only really games with me, and even then, it has to be something that's relatively low-frustration; Super Mario 3D World's repeated deaths due to unfamiliar controls resulted in a bit of a moratorium on that game. Still, she wants to play other games, and I'd like to share this hobby with her. At the moment, she loves Little Big Planet, and adventure games like Broken Age and Monkey Island. I know she'd like Portal, but the controls are the issue... basically, what are some games that she'd like that'd be a good "Intro to Gaming: 101"?
[city builder, simcity 4, sc4]	I've never played SimCity, but I have played the games Cities XL and Tropico 4, and feel these games are probably where my criticisms are founded.  When I first got Cities XL, I loved it - huge map, many amazing features for city-sculpting, and so on. [You can see Keralis getting hyped about it here, if you're unaware of what it is](https://   However, as great as it was to begin with, the novelty quickly wore off for me. I wanted a simulator where I could express my city-designing/urban-designing skills, and try to create an ideal city of sorts, and for me Cities XL quickly became very repetitive - any sort of structure I tried to develop for my city was ruined by exponential growth. It quickly became an unending issue of "Your people need more houses so build more houses; these houses need jobs so build more jobs", and whilst I understand that such is the general idea behind city simulator games, I felt it lacked depth or incentive to continue - there were hardly any "upgrades", and I couldn't find any means of customizing the buildings to add any variety.   It didn't give me a feeling that I could choose what I wanted to build, especially when I found that it was practically compulsory to have higher- and lower-tier citizens for your city to be financially sustainable. I created my higher- and lower-tier neighbourhoods, only to see them merge into one-another as my city expanded, time and again. Maybe I was just doing it wrong? If so, I've practically given up on my attempts to do it right.  I loved every second of Tropico 4, but once the very short main storyline finished, that was it - it felt like the game was catered only for the main storyline, and didn't set up for much beyond that. The factions seemed quite trivial. I continued the game until I'd got many of the top buildings etc., then decided to go full-on tyrant and make everyone's lives hell, building military outposts everywhere and destroying everything else. I had constant revolts, but never large enough to overthrow me. My attempts to get either of the US or USSR to attack me proved fruitless; and I finally fell, at a point of boredom, after demolishing most of my military forces and allowing the people to overthrow me.  ___  Of course, I'm looking for a "game" free of these issues - although I've recently began to question if I'm even looking for a "game" at all. As I say, I'm very much fond of such games for the urban planning aspects, more so than the city-management aspects, although at the same time I also want to see how my "city" would function - thus, I've always assumed that would take the form of the "game" aspect.  I've recently downloaded a free trial of an application - "Lumion" - that seemed to attract me, although my computer seems unable to run it.  What would you guys advise? Is there such a game out there? Or should I be looking for into non-game specialist applications? Is there anything you would suggest?
[fire emblem awakening, candy crush saga]	I haven't enjoyed a game as much as this one since the original Bioshock. The combination of the beautiful art, engaging storyline, the novel take on turn-based strategy and more than anything the degree to which your choices matter as the story unfolds make it unforgettable. Unfortunately, it's also very short (especially for a "saga") and I have been left craving more.  Basically, I want another game that makes me feel the way the Banner Saga did, ideally something choice-driven with a deep cast of unique characters. I've played a lot of RPGs and turn-based games but nothing has ever clicked for me the way this one did, so if you feel the same way and know of anything like it, I'd love to hear about it.
[rogue galaxy, xenoblade, level 5]	Hey everyone,  I've been replaying FFXII again (first time since I was a teenager), and I must  REALLY like the game mechanics. Now, I've been trying to think of other games I can play once I'm finished, and am looking for any suggestions.  So, to help y'all out a little, here are the things I like about the game:  * The open, complex world  * The ability to SEE enemies before you fight them  * Leveling up characters to unlock new weapons, stats, etc....  * Multiple characters in your party that you can control  * A main story that propels MOST of the plot (I like side quests, but not as many as Skyrim has)  Now, the story isn't as great as I remember it (in fact, it's downright incomprehensible), but I just LOVE the gameplay. So anything with a better story, better character development, etc... would be choice.  Oh, and I have a PS2, Xbox 360 and PC. So it'll need to be playable on one of those systems.
[dungeon keeper, helping hand, evil genius, the sims]	So, I love making characters, I love to log into MMOs if only to make character designs then log out. My recent adventure into this realization was with Neverwinter. I've filled up 6 character slots (3 of which I purchased with real money) Only to create fantasy characters with their own backstory. I absolutely love making high fantasy, magical or mundane sword and sorcery characters. Now... The trouble with this. Is after I make them, i don't do much with them. I get bored and roll new characters. So, I was wondering if anyone has a recommendation on a game which I can craft characters and plop them into a world where they can do their own thing like in the Sims. I'm expecting to little to no response, but if you've got any ideas, let me know! I've done this with Skyrim, and loaded the world with random characters I've made through the tool kit, but the AI is so limited as to what they will do. I've tried minecraft... Which is amazing for world building... But terrible at anything but. I've even tried this with Sims 3, but it's heavily missing the fantasy element, and what it does have are all mechanics, not plot bits. I know Sims Medieval exists. No. Just. No. Spark was promising, though .... Of course, another attempt at a glorified AAA cash shop. I have to pay you 30$ or spend 500 hours to get cobblestone floor? Um. No. My brain is exploding with creativity that needs to be released! Visually! Halp sate my alt-a-holic needs.
[civilization v]	Hey!  Basically, I'm moving house tomorrow -   Good news? I'm moving to an area where I can upgrade from 17mb internet to 100mb fibre optic, and I can rout an ethernet cable because we're renovating the place rather than use wifi from 2 floors away.   Bad news? It's going to be 2 weeks until fibre actually gets installed at my new house.  So, Reddit, I ask for some single player games that'll keep me busy and not tear my hair out (Bearing in mind my sole 2 games atm are CS:GO which I've put nearly 900~ hours into, or Wargame:AirLand Battle which I play predominantly online) with boredom.  [Here's a list of all my games + playtime](http://;sort=name)  Here's a list of stuff I've already thought of -  * KSP * FC3   * Witcher 2 * Skyrim  I'm more than willing to pick up some games if there's some you'd recommend not on my list. Also - Quite a few games I've finished (ie, Fallout 3), but due to using mods/different loaders, it doesn't show my true playtime.  
[gamecube, pikmin, xbox, xbox]	Due to being born in an Asian family with very strict parents who care about examinations results above all else, I never got to play any console or pc games in my childhood. The only games I ever played up to age 17 purely consists of Pinball, Minesweeper and shitty Flash games.  Just a few months ago, I bought a laptop with decent graphics card. Luckily, there are subs like this which really helped me to determine what pc games I must play [\(Apparently there are people with exactly the same condition as me  \).](http:// Over the course of a few months, I've now played through most of the most recommended pc games  and now I would like to move on to **PS1, PS2, NDS, SNES, Gamecube** (Or whatever games **Dolphin emulator** can run) to make up for the childhood I never had.  I would really appreciate it if anyone could list out some suggestions. GBA games suggestions are not required as I've already blown through some of the most notable ones on my Android phone :D 
[one way heroics, roguelike]	So, I've been on an RPG kick lately, but I really, really don't love the feeling of, "Oh, I died, looks like I need to start back at square 1 and die again."  I'm looking for something where I can spend time and effort to purchase persistent upgrades in between games, (much in the vein of Rogue Legacy, or any number of online browser games that involve launching things.) and still get that same roguelike-esque experience, and the feeling of, "One more run!", where I do need to start from the beginning, but I can put points/gold into upgrades or skills so I still feel like I'm progressing.  Hell, it's fine if the upgrades are tied to achievements or level-ups or just outright purchased, as long as when I die, I'm not left back at square 1, forced to start over entirely from the beginning.  Examples are games like Rogue Legacy, Super House of Dead Ninjas, FTL, 10,000,000, Risk of Rain, ToME, Full Mojo Rampage, or Desktop Dungeons.   So, Reddit, can you help me?
[savage: the battle for newerth]	I'm a huge fans of games with stranger multiplayer, stuff that isn't just two equal teams facing off against one another in a big old fragfest. I favor games where opponents face off with very different abilities and objectives and even numbers, and maybe it comes from my love of boardgames/tabletop games but I especially enjoy an element of trickery.  I'm not sure how to better explain this, so here are examples of games that I know of that fit the bill of what I'm looking for:  * **Natural Selection 2** - I'm not usually a competitive shooter player but the huge difference and gameplay style between the two teams was great. I also really liked the whole "commander" thing, it was yet another vastly different playstyle for the same experience with other people. * **Left 4 Dead 2's Versus Mode** - Zombies versus humans. Like the above I'm not much of a shooter fan, but again the difference between zombie playstyle versus survivors was great. * **The Ship / Bloody Good Time / Assassin's Creed Multiplayer** - Lumping these all together because they're pretty similar, though the playerbase for these is regrettably quite small and in AC's case, uPlay is a dumb dumb thing. This is honestly some of my favorite multiplayer to date, the hunter/hunted mechanic is very unique and I've not seen it anywhere else. I preferred The Ship to BGT, even though I know the latter is basically a spiritual successor, it added some weapons/items that diluted the experience for me. My love of AC multiplayer is pretty unreal since most people discard that part of the games, but I have 70 hours played of Revelations, and I haven't even started the campaign. Sadly it has a CoD-style perk system meaning that opponents very distinctly have better items/skills than you most of the time, and a lot of people are uninterested in engaging in the whole mindgame and just run around the rooftops shooting folks. * **Splinter Cell's Spies vs. Mercs** - Regrettably I didn't play much of this back in the day, but I enjoyed it. I know it's a feature in Blacklist as well, will definitely be looking into that. * **SpyParty** - I absolutely love SpyParty. Am pretty afraid of playing with randoms online though I still do it sometimes, but I have not played this as much as I should. Still it's pretty much exactly what I'm looking for more of. * **Warcraft 3 Custom "Tag" Maps** - Island Defense was my personal favorite. A bunch of tiny builders working with/against each other to try and survive against one player who just wants to destroy them all.   That's all I'm aware of that fits the bill, and if anyone knows of any more of these sorts of games please let me know. I find no shortage of this style of stuff in the board gaming world, and I would love more of it in my video game library, too. 
[over the top, disgaea d2, power up]	I recently re-booted Skyrim with a couple dozen mods, the largest of which was Requiem, a mod that aims to create a more realistic experience, AKA: everything kills you at the beginning.  I find this to be a much more immersive and enjoyable way to play.  I find I love the feeling of starting out extremely weak and slowly becoming stronger throughout the course of the game.  I'm wondering what other games might capture that feeling.  Here's a short list of games that I feel also scratch that itch:  **Dark Souls**: This game highlights this mechanic perfectly.  I prefer to start as the naked undead for maximum role-play value.  **Rogue Legacy**:  Getting your ass kicked and slowly crawling your way up the power scale is immensely addicting and satisfying  **World of Warcraft**:  I don't play anymore, but I'll never forget how it felt in the early days, when people would flock around a lvl 60 wandering through Goldshire.  It was like seeing a super hero!  I'm sure there are some obvious ones I'm missing.  Let's stick to more contemporary games - yes, Mega Man X and Super Metroid sort of qualify, but everyone's already aware of these titles.  What are some more recent games we might have missed?
[spec ops: the line, bioshock infinite, brothers in arms, tomb raider, max payne, mafia*, kane, civ]	http://;sort=playtime  I also have an Origin account with a bunch of games too, so it's not exclusive to Steam. If it's a popular EA title, I most likely have it on Origin and not Steam.  The only thing that matters to me is **FUN** from the start to the end. Saints Row the Third and Just Cause 2 in my opinion was some really good games which didn't bore me at any time. Could be all the mayhem and craziness in the game, but I did not feel the same way about Red Faction: Guerilla. The game felt like too much of a grind outside story missions and was pretty static.  Despite my large amount of hours in Team Fortress 2, I did not enjoy the game very much and a lot of my time was spent in fragfest servers as 90% soldier.  Not really a fan of thinking too much when gaming, so puzzle heavy games are a nono. Don't want to invest a lot of time either, like Dota 2.  If I don't have the game in my library, mention a game I don't have and I'll look into it, if convinced.  Edit: I chose Sleeping Dogs, even though it wasn't suggested and I'm having a blast. Quite frankly the suggestions made were not games I liked. Don't really like heavily story driven games as it's main selling point, not very interested in stealth, elder scroll games are time consuming.  I think I might play dynasty warriors 7 with Xtreme legends after sleeping dogs.
[spec ops]	I recently bought the Humble Bundle containing Medal of Honor, and I was absolutely blown away by it. I don't know why, but it played on all my emotions and I loved every minute of it.   I'd love to play another game similar to this, but I really don't have much knowledge in there area.   Should I try something from the CoD franchise? I've played Battlefield 3 singleplayer too, I loved that. Years ago I played some of a Rainbow Six game, I remember that was good.  I was recommended Crysis 2, which I played some of, but I can't handle the suspense, it gets to me, ahah!  So, any suggestions on single player FPS games with a decent storyline would be awesome.  Thanks.
[lego city undercover: the chase begins, donkey kong country returns 3d, animal crossing: new leaf, super mario 3d world, super mario 3d land, yoshi's new island, super mario world, super mario world, super mario world, mario kart 7, this game, this game, this game, wii u, wii u, wii u]	Hey, I'm considering getting a 3DS, and now may be a good time for that since they have a promotion going on where if you buy one of a certain group of games, you can get a free pokemon X or Y. [Here](http://;om_mid=_BTElCGB84hRUA3&amp;EID=EM10339/#trailer) is the promotion and [here](http:// is the group of games that I could choose from.  Since I can't really decide on which game I want to get, I would like to hear your opinion on this. What game would you get if you were in my position? I know it may not be helpful that I'm not listing my preferred genres, but I just really want to know what you all think about each game that is in the promotion and what one you like best.   Edit: I decided to go with Animal Crossing.
[cookie clicker, knytt stories, action games, a dark room, a dark room, cave story, ittle dew, ittle dew, candy box, nes]	Okay, I'm a female with 2 kids.  But, I recently got into A Firelit Room.  I really like it.  I'm looking for other free games to play that are like that.  I used to really like Legend of Zelda ages ago.  A Firelit room reminds me of that.    I like the idea of a quest, the map thing, and searching for something.  What are your ideas of that?  I'm looking for something I can play in short bursts on my computer, or for free.  We do have an xbox 360, but I don't think I'll have time to play that.    Any suggestions would be awesome, since I have no clue about games.
[bioshock infinite, the walking dead, alpha protocol, mass effect, mass effect, this game, this game, portal 2]	Let's start with platforms. I have a xBox 360, a PS3 and a decent computer, though decent is a stretch.  I have time to kill, money burning a hole in my pocket, but I 't know what to  playing The Last of Us and Beyond: Two Souls, I'm having trouble finding anything that might interest me.  I'm extremely....extremely story driven in my game choices, and now the bar is just so high. Hopefully you guys can help me find something.  Some of my favorite games:  * Beyond: Two Souls * The Last of Us * Heavy Rain * GTA: San Andreas and GTA V * Journey * Assassin's Creed II  I DON'T like huge open world games, like TES or Fallout. If there's too much wiggle room, I never get anything done.  Anyone got any suggestions?
[deus ex]	I am playing through Deus Ex: HR right now and it is reminding me A LOT of when I played older Metal Gear Solid games and I want something similar to play when I am done (42 hours in right now). I have Dishonored and like it, but it doesn't scratch the itch that Deus Ex created and I only have PC and a 360. I have contemplated picking up the Metal Gear Solid HD collection for 360, but would prefer something I've yet to play.  Hitman? Which one?  Splinter Cell? Which one? (I haven't played a Splinter Cell since PS1 days)  The mechanics in particular I am looking for are: hiding behind shit and watching the guards do their rounds, waiting for the right moment to sneak up behind them and hide the body with no one the wiser. Being able to go through a level undetected is an amazing feeling.
[far cry 3]	Hi !  *TL;DR at the bottom.*   I will have a gaming PC (i5-4670k ; GTX 770; 8Go DDR3) at the beginning of the week. After playing on a laptop for years, I can't wait.   I would like to hear your recommendations about some games to test my setup and, of course, to have fun. Gameplay is the most important, I don't really care if the story is "meh". It can be multiplayer, but I can't use a microphone unfortunately.   **Games I have played and enjoyed:**  Chivalry Medieval Warfare, Natural Selection 2, Xcom, Shadowrun Returns, CSGO, Rising Storm, Assassin's Creed franchise, Spelunky, BoI, Hotline Miami, FTL, Mass Effect Franchise, Skyrim, Fallout franchise, GTA, Saints Row 3 &amp; 4, Trine franchise, Batman Asylum/City and a lot of indies...  I plan on playing again a few of these games modded (GTA, Skyrim, Fallout), **I also plan on playing:**   Spec Ops, Shadow Warrior, Metro 2033 and maybe LL, Mirrors Edge, BF3, Dark Souls 1, Deus Ex HR, Hitman Absolution.  I would love to hear your recommendations. Is there a game I must play with my new computer ? What game is currently the most graphically and technically beautiful in your opinion ?  Thanks a lot !  **TL;DR:** Beautiful game with great gameplay to test my new PC ?
[papers, please]	I'm looking for a single player PC (or emulatable on PC) game that makes you feel like part of a larger group. By this I don't necessarily mean a squad oriented game like Mass Effect but where I feel like a cog in the machine, just an employee/agent of a large group where there is more than just me working to get the job done behind the scenes. This is very contrary to most game designs, where they intentionally put the player at the absolute focus of the story, but I'm wanting a game where I feel important to the story, but at the same time get the impression that what I'm doing is my job, and that should I fail the world isn't necessarily doomed, just my employers are setback until they can send someone else to fix it. I don't really care if the game is RPG, FPS, Turn-based, what-have-you, I really just want a feeling of being a part of something bigger.
[sins of a solar empire: rebellion, warhammer 40,000: dawn of war ii, the lord of the rings online, divinity: dragon commander, deus ex: human revolution, dragon age: inquisition, divinity: original sin, driver san francisco, mass effect trilogy, dragon age: origins, fallout: new vegas, cities xl platinum, star trek online, the secret world, melody's escape, dragons online, world of tanks, dragon age ii, saints row iv, sleeping dogs, super hexagon, torchlight ii, the witcher 2, endless space, don't starve, just cause 2, guild wars 2, risk of rain, audiosurf 2, tomb raider, neverwinter, neverwinter, dark souls, l.a. noire, startopia, this game, fallout 3, anno 2070, dcs world, warframe, warframe, mafia ii, airmech, loadout, la rush, hawken, tera, tera, ddo, rct, gta]	So the title says it basically. Money is also not the problem, as I've just fueled up my account :P As for preferences, I used to play a lot of strategic games, such as AoE, Civ 5 (which I love :)), Empire Earth, Warcraft 3, Age of Mythology. Also stuff like Dungeon Siege, the pokemon series, GTAs, LoL, Runescape, Dota 2 and Aion. So I'm kinda interested in anything (even online games), except for FPS, as I don't really like the concept of that.  Currently I'm looking into Europa Universalis IV. It looks pretty cool, but I'm kinda scared that it is too much of a Civ V copy that ends up being fairly expensive. Skyrim also looks really cool, as I've never played the Elder Scrolls series at all, but I don't know what to expect out of it despite all the hype that it used to get at release.  It'd be great if the game could be purchased right away, as I'm seriously bored right now :D  Looking forward to hearing from you guys!  EDIT: So I've looked deeper into Skyrim and while its landscape and gameplay look cool, it's just not something I'd get lost in :/ Does anybody have knowledge about any Nation-building games?
[the walking dead]	I finished Skyrim on PC and GTA5 on PS3. I''ve moved onto Shadow of the Colossus on PS3, but need another game for PC gaming. Here's a list of my un-played Steam and Origin account games. I'd prefer a nice change from Skyrim after 100's of hours played. All recommendations will be considered.     Batman: Arkham Asylum Game of the Year Edition  Batman: Arkham City - Game of the Year Edition  Closure  Darksiders  Dishonored  Don't Starve  Doom 3: BFG Edition  Dungeon Defenders  FTL: Faster Than Light  Guardians of Middle-earth  Hector: Badge of Carnage - Full Series  Hector: Badge of Carnage - Full Series  Left 4 Dead 2  Lone Survivor: The Director's Cut  Lord of the Rings: War in the North  Metro 2033  Mortal Kombat Kollection  Papers Please  Poker Night at the Inventory  Psychonauts  Puzzle Agent  Puzzle Agent 2  Red Faction: Armageddon  Saints Row: The Third  Super Meat Boy  The Stanley Parable  The Walking Dead  Wallace &amp; Gromits Grand Adventures Episode 1: Fright of the Bumblebees  Wallace &amp; Gromits Grand Adventures Episode 2: The Last Resort  Wallace &amp; Gromits Grand Adventures Episode 3: Muzzled!  Wallace &amp; Gromits Grand Adventures Episode 4: The Bogey Man  Wallace and Gromit's Grand Adventures   Battlefield 3  Burnout Paradise Ultimate  Red Alert Uprising  Crysis 2 Maximum Edition  Medal Of Honor  Mirror's Edge   Trying to pick a good one for the next game. So let me know what you'd play next on that list and why.   edit: formatting  
[saints row 4]	These are three of my very favorite games, and I'm looking for similar acrobatic-type stuff. Decent combat mechanics would be neat, but I'm mostly interested in running, jumping, flying, falling, swinging, and generally maneuvering quickly through a big-ass open world.  My only gaming platform at the moment is a PC, which is kind of limiting. I'm looking into Prototype, which seems to be pretty similar to InFamous, and though Mirror's Edge seemed like the kind of thing I'd really enjoy, it just didn't click with me for some reason. Other suggestions?  (As a side note, if you've got a suggestion for something similar to Spiderman 2 on the PS2, I would fucking **LOVE** to hear about it. That was one of the best goddamned games of all goddamned time, and I'm including legendary blockbusters like Mario and Zelda when I say that, but none of the other games in the franchise have come close to being that good [though Web of Shadows was a decent attempt]. Spiderman: Shattered Dimensions and The Amazing Spiderman movie tie-in were such pathetic farces that I've basically given up on seeing another good game from the franchise.)
[the witcher]	Anyone know of any that I'm not already aware of? I included a complete list of the ones I know about below. You know what I mean - games like Planescape: Torment or Mass Effect. I'm only counting adventure games where the different choices result in different gamestates, like in the Walking Dead.   **Sandbox**: the games mostly let you go where you want, though often limited in some way  5/5 *Fallout series*, a favorite of mine and a perfect example as you can talk past fights  3/5 *the Elder Scrolls series*, generally doesn't actually have that much dialogue that matters  1/5 *Two Worlds*, I guess there's a questline or two where it forks based on what you say  1/5 *Risen* some very basic choosing different questlines   **Highly Limited Sandbox**: you can go where you want but it's all gated off quite alot  5/5 *Planescape: Torment*, probably my favorite game ever  2/5 *Fable Series* I think Fable 1 was better for this, but basically you only get to choose from being a stereotypical nice guy or being a murderous cruel jerk for little reason   **Hub**: you get to move freely around a small area at a time  5/5 *Deus Ex series*  5/5 *Vampire: Bloodlines*] just started playing it, reminds me of Deus Ex quite a bit  5/5 *KotOR series*  4/5 *Mass Effect series*, fewer less detailed choices  ?/5 *Jade Empire*... I didn't play much of this, I dont really recall. It was pretty prominent right?  **Mission Based**: you get to choose the order of missions somewhat, but you basically have to go through them all in a row  5/5 *Alpha Protocol*  4/5 *Dragon Age series*, very similar to Mass Effect there aren't a ton of choices   **Railroaded**: you have to go straight along the story, but you make choices as you do  5/5 *the Walking Dead*, pretty much the entirety of the game  3/5 *Binary Domain*, very limited, it's mostly a Third Person Shooter but there are different conversations and endings based on how you treat your squad   **18+/Pornographic**: title says it all...  3/5 *Corruption of Champions* is all about choosing between being corrupted into a sex-demon or staying pure in the face of temptation, and keeps track of relationships with individual NPCs
[gta 5]	I know I'm many years behind (I'm just moving beyond my old PS2) but I'm interested in catching up with some of the stuff I've missed over the years. Problem is, I can't decide between a PS2 and an XBOX 360.  NOTE: I am not interested in online gaming. I had some fun the day I played online Red Dead Redemption on a friend's XBOX 360, but between the douchebags, the spawn camping, my slower internet service, and the cost of a subscription, it's just not something I care about. At all.  I'm especially interested in Grand Theft Auto 4 &amp; 5, the Saints Row series, Red Dead Redemption, Dragon Age, Skyrim, and Uncharted. As far as I can tell, almost all titles are available cross-platform, except Uncharted, which I think is PS3 only.  Is the "red ring of death" still an issue?  What size of hard drive would I need if I'm not going to be downloading stuff?  The ability to play Blu-Ray discs isn't a selling point to me, as I find Blu-Ray images *too* sharp.  Can the PS3 play older PS2 discs?  Anything else to consider?
[neverwinter nights, power struggle, cool world, dnd, ive]	I have heard tons of stories from people who play tabletop rpgs. The crazy solutions that they use for dire situations, evil DMs, and doom/redemption at the roll of a die.   Unfortunately I don't know anyone into tabletops where I am, and doubt I could manage the time for actual live sessions anyways.   So are there any games you know of that have the randomness of a tabletop session. Technically I have found something kind of like it with Dwarf Fortress adventure mode, but was wondering if their were others. 
[deus ex]	I don't know if such a game exists. I'm not much of a gamer to be honest, at least not for the past 10 years.  I want to play a game where I may not pull a trigger for an hour or two. I want to play a game where if I do kill someone, or shoot a gun, it means something, and it isn't just meaningless violence.  I don't *mind* violence. I just find it hard to be immersed in games where I kill thousands of badguys. I have similar taste in movies. If one guy gets killed after two hours of intense suspense, it's a success. If a thousand guys get blown up after two hours of action, I feel like my brain has just been fried.  I know there are games where you can choose stealth over run-and-gun. The last such game I played was [Hitman 2](http:// I never liked the Splinter Cell games because of their tendency to have "game over" screens. But that's not even exactly what I'm looking for. It's hard to describe. I don't want stealth so much as I want *suspense*.  I do have access to a beefy PC (R9 290X, 4570k), so the newer, the better. 
[dark souls 2]	Hi,  Apologies for the wall of text, but I'd like to make an informed purchase, if anyone is kind enough to help me out! **TL;DR in bold.**  I'm looking to either by ACIV or DS2 this weekend (I realise they are very different) but I am open to other suggestions if they match the sort of things I'm talking about.  **My platform will be the 360. I don't have gold membership.**  **I've enjoyed ACII, B, R, and III. I didn't care too much for the ship combat sections**, though I am willing to overlook this if the mechanics are improved, or the exploration factor adds to the game (as opposed to the 'instance' style sections in III).   **The atmosphere of these games has always been my favourite feature**, along with satisfying (albeit easy) combat.  DS2 is clearly on the opposite end of the combat spectrum in terms of difficulty. But the footage I've seen looks great. **I also like the idea of sinking my teeth into a game I don't know much about**, and self discovery of the game mechanics and strategies. **The combat looks challenging but rewarding**. I'm interested to see for myself what reddit's praise of this series is all about.  **Overall, I'm after a game that is fairly lengthy** (just finished South Park, which was fairly short - though there was no filler at all!). **I know I'd probably enjoy ACIV, but DS2 does seem like a game I could really get into.** I don't want to drop another 30/40 quid on a game that won't last me too long. That's not to say I didn't enjoy South Park- I had a great time with it- but I'm after something that will take longer before I'm done with it.  Thanks
[neverwinter nights 2, valkyria chronicles, baldur's gate, dawn of war 2, icewind dale, dragon age 2, mass effect]	I don't know a better way to describe the games I'm looking for, but can anyone suggest any games that revolve around real-time action that can be paused to focus on enemies, give orders to allies, use special skills, etc.  I guess X-Com: The Bureau was like this, except the reviews I've read haven't been very positive.  Then again, I'm not sure if it's because the game isn't good, or because it's so different from other X-Com games.  Also,  I'm familiar with the first-person Fallout games, and I think their  system is along the lines of what I'm looking for.    I'm looking for inspiration for a side project, so even mediocre games would be worth a look, since I'm just as interested in what doesn't work as what does.
[realm of the mad god, tower of guns, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike]	So, I've been on an RPG kick lately, but I really, really don't love the feeling of, "Oh, I died, looks like I need to start back at square 1 and die again."  I'm looking for something where I can spend time and effort to purchase persistent upgrades in between games, (much in the vein of Rogue Legacy, or any number of online browser games that involve launching things.) and still get that same roguelike-esque experience, and the feeling of, "One more run!", where I do need to start from the beginning, but I can put points/gold into upgrades or skills so I still feel like I'm progressing.  Hell, it's fine if the upgrades are tied to achievements or level-ups or just outright purchased, as long as when I die, I'm not left back at square 1, forced to start over entirely from the beginning.  Examples are games like Rogue Legacy, Super House of Dead Ninjas, FTL, 10,000,000, Risk of Rain, ToME, Full Mojo Rampage, or Desktop Dungeons.  So, Reddit, can you help me?
[card game]	What's a good arcade or puzzle game that is fun in quick bursts but doesn't eat up a whole lot of time?  I really like Jamestown and old school shooters like Raiden but I am starting to get bored of playing the same five levels of Jamestown over and over again.   I also really like the puzzle elements and roguelike randomization of Desktop Dungeons, but it doesn't fit it's advertised description of 10 minute dungeons for me. Also the RPG elements are a downside IMHO since it encourages you to keep playing to build progress when all I want is a quick game.
[the longest journey, dreamfall, dreamfall]	When I was young I played a few very specific games, games like Myst, Monkey Island, Full Throttle, Grim Fandango (most Tim Schafer games, really), and The Last Express. I tried playing FPS and RPG games but I don't like the conceit of dying or leveling up, and I never took to having to "learn" a controller or a series of commands.  I would rather just be in a game that's like a novel, or a movie, but interactive. I also love puzzles and mysteries.   For the first time in about 5 years I played some games this January and fell in love again with the medium.  I loved Kentucky Route Zero (the episodes that are out already), Gone Home, Papers Please and the new Monkey Island Games.  I enjoyed Dear Esther too. I tried playing some horror adventure games (Slender, Amnesia) but that shit was too scary for me.   I would really like to find other games like this, especially like Gone Home or Kentucky Route Zero! I'm not sure how or where to look. They seem like a very peculiar genre.   Sorry for the novella.
[borderlands 2]	I moved far away from my best friend, and we always spent our time together gaming. Now to hang out we like to talk on Skype while playing together online.  Our favorite games were usually FPS and RPGs. We've always preferred games that required teamwork, and we loved titles like Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance and the Halo titles. Now that we can't play on the same console, we want to get close to that experience again.  We enjoy games like CoD MW2's multiplayer, but the modders and hackers can de-rank you and it sucks the fun out of the game. We like MMORPG's, but no matter how many we try we find that endgame is focused around large parties and guilds. I don't have the time to invest in some clan, and we really want games where we can feel like a dynamic duo without having to bring in an army of strangers.  I can list more games we did and didn't like, but this post is already overly long. Thank you for any suggestions you may have :)
[roll on]	I understand that this is kind of a wide genre of games, but these are the games that I'm wanting to buy right now. Problem is, I can only afford one. I'm just looking for a game to preoccupie my time during this spring break. South Park seems fun and funny as hell, but I don't know of if it's worth the money, how repayable it is, if it'll last me all spring break, or if it's more worth it than the other two games. Diablo 3 also seems fun and nice, and I've heard nothing but good things about it, but most of the reviews I've seen seems to make the game fall back heavily on its co-op features. I don't have any friends that own this game so obviously I won't care much about the co-op part of the game. Also, once again, I don't know of its more worth it than the other games. Lastly, Fifa 14. I haven't owned a sports game in a while, and I've never owned a soccer game. I've found myself getting more and more into soccer lately and I've even been to my first MLS soccer game recently. So, having this new found Fifa craze, I'm looking into Fifa 14 as well. But respectively, like the other two games, I don't know how long it'll last, how fun it is, and if it's worth the money more than the other games.  I'd like to add that if I get South Park or Diablo 3 it'll be on ps3 but if I get Fifa it'll be on PS4  Thanks guys in advance! And sorry for any grammar or spelling issues, I'm on my phone.
[neverwinter nights 2: mask of the betrayer, the witcher]	NWN is probably in my top 3 favorite games of all time. i did not like NWN2 at all, (poor camera, didnt like the UI or the game aesthetics in general)   the new free to pay crap mmo based on 4e doesnt interest me in the slightest. in fact, i detest it. too many things wrong with it for me to even start.   Path of Exile is  its soo complex, and i end up spending a lot of time just dealing with inventory. i also do not like the limited zoom, and the fixed camera angle. really wish i could rotate it.   again, NWN is  will probably install and play it  just that its getting SO  would be nice to play something with more modern graphics.   with that in mind, all the old classics like baldurs gate arent going to scratch my  dont want to play as a whole  just want to manage one dude...  got any suggestions? thanks in advance!
[football manager]	I have been a lifelong fan of console [american] football games, which is essentially dominated by EA since they hold exclusive rights to the NFL and NCAA. I am generally not a big EA fan (see /r/EAcirclejerk to discuss this point further), but still found Madden and NCAA games to be the best choices on the market.  After buying Madden 25, however, I was extremely disappointed with the lack of effort put into most of the game. I am ready to look into other options, but I am unsure about what the best non-EA choices are.  A quick amazon search returned ["Backbreaker"](http://;qid=1395092449&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=football+video+games) but noting else. Does anyone else know about other choices on the market, and their pros/cons?  I am mostly interested in football games for the strategic aspect, as opposed to something like ["NFL Blitz"](http:// I would ideally be looking for some interesting game modes; I actually really enjoyed the concept of the recent "Ultimate Team" mode in Madden 25, but was disappointed with the implementation; to get anywhere you either need to grind heavily or open up your wallet. To summarize, I want to have an interesting off-field strategic aspect in addition to the core football game.  I am also open to other sports games with these qualities; I have heard great things about ["Football Manager"](http:// and am already considering it. Thanks in advance for any suggestions you may have!
[bloodline champions, frozen synapse, alien swarm, starcraft, nox, aoc, aoe]	Primer: I play on an old laptop, and prefer games that don't disadvantage me for doing so (Turn based games, sky-view games with simple graphics, etc. Twitch 3d shooters aren't doable). I'm looking for a game to play with/against other people.  **Strategy games**: I like strategy games a lot, but I don't like the ones that require you to do heavy multitasking and macromanagement. I'm not a fan of reading pages of text to find character stats. I don't want to have to spend time learning the game before I enjoy playing it. Most are slow.  **RPG's**: Slow, slow, slow. Stand still and autoattack. Or beat them with your character stats. Nothing engaging. And most take themselves too seriously. And they use old game mechanics I've seen a hundred times. I want new. New battle mechanics. Interesting, creative skill system that synergizes and combos. I also don't like 3d RPG's (I like sky-view rpg's, not "over the shoulder" rpg's). I tried path of exile and think it's just boring and repetitive.  **First Person Shooters**: I've lost interest in first person shooters. I don't really care who has faster reflexes anymore. And my computer can't run them well anyway.  **MOBA's, Trading card games, Battle arenas**: They stress game knowledge mainly. Not a terrible thing, but I essentially need a PHD in game mechanics knowledge to compete in DOTA. "Learn libraries of information to beat your opponents" isn't really my aim.  **Platformers**: Kind of mindless/shallow. I get bored with them easily.  --------------  Some final points:  Ragnarok Online would be great if it had a linear questing system and story line the player could follow.  Games like starcraft/c&amp;c would be great if they didn't stress multitasking so much. I don't want to keep track of 50 things. I wasn't built for that, darnit. Maybe if they were turn based, but not "slow" per se.  Games like Diablo 2/3 would be great if they weren't centered so much around "Having the best gear", but instead were centered around "Using what you do have more creatively/intelligently". Less about min/maxing and more about fun/light teamwork. They also need to stress connecting players in the community with each other more. Diablo 1 was too slow and took itself too seriously. 
[sid meier's pirates, europa universalis, age of wonders 3, animal crossing, game of thrones, rise of venice, crusader kings, port royale, port royale, sim city, tropico, tropico, reus, civ]	Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated. :D I am looking for a PC game -- simulation/strategy or RPG. I cannot play first person games because they make me super dizzy. I really enjoy Civ 5 and Crusader Kings II. Recently I've tried Democracy, The Banner Saga, and Banished, which were all really fun for the first day or two, but not so much after that. I played the majority of the tycoon games when I was a wee little lass and The Sims when I was a teenager. Now I would prefer a game with more depth/complexity and not a whole lot of fighting, preferably one where I feel like the choices I make matter. Thanks!
[cookie clicker]	I've got a lot of work to process that mostly requires watching and waiting for input. I'd like to find games that I can play to pass the time during these activities.  Here's what I'm looking for:  - Slow-paced, turn-based or real-time-with-pause. - Doesn't require constant attention (*ie*: I can look away, look back and re-enter the action easily) - Fully supports windowed mode (bonus points for Aero Snap) - Minimal or optional audio (no big-ass explosion). - Generally low-maintenance.  Thanks for any and all advice :)
[heroes of might and magic, etherlords ii]	In short: Searching for a CCG that has better representation of creatures and monsters fighting than bumping the two cards into each other or having swords fly up and disappear.  In long: Back in the day I watched Yu-Gi-Oh a lot and I loved it. I wanted to play the game the way it was in the anime. Place down your cards, huge monsters appear as holograms in full 3D and battle it out according to the rules. So I got the Yu-Gi-Oh games for PC and they sucked in this department. All they had was a sword flying from one card into the target and numbers appearing. No animation, no nothing even close to holograms. Lazy and quick cash in was the problem. Now, though in the age of Hearthstone, it turns out, people want the game feel to be closer to real cards, opening packs, dragging, dropping cards, slamming stuff... things I don't care about. So can you recommend me a CCG, digital, F2P if possible, that has actuall area with 3d models swinging at each other instead of card like paper cutouts that bump. Yahtzee said something similar in one of his reviews [Might &amp; Magic X: Legacy](http://  In conclusion, one of the reasons I find chess boring (besides overwhelming feeling of saminess), is because it's not more like BattleChess 4000. Add +10pts to your account, if you remember that game.
[stubbs the zombie]	Hello,   So I recently discovered HoMM5 : Tribes of the East and Disciples III, and among many other things these games have a campaign as Undead and Demons respectively. I've always liked games that put you in the shoes of the "others", and if possible make them have an interesting story instead of just "destroy everything". (The Necropolis campaign from HoMM is particularly good with that imo, sheds a new light on Arantir for people who only knew him from Dark Messiah)  I don't really care about the genre of games for this suggestion, though I suppose it will tend to bring mostly strategy games. Apart from the two I already mentioned, I've already played Battle for Wesnoth, Warcraft 3 obviously and Planescape : Torment can arguably fit here as well for some reasons. Also Sacrifice can work as well if you choose to follow Charnel. Also, while my title heavily implies a fantasy setting, I wouldn't necessarily be against science-fiction, if alien species were the main focus (and playable) rather than humans.  Also just to be clear, there has to be some story. I know that a game like Conquest of Elysium III allows you to play as Necromancer for instance but there's no story in that kind of game so it does not really matter whether you call them Undead or anything else.  Thanks in advance for your suggestions!  Edit : Forgot to add that exceptionally well-made mods are accepted if they're attached to a game that is rather cheap in itself. Seems unlikely but you never know what some people can do with a good editor.
[red dead redemption]	After finishing Assassins Creed 4 and South Park recently I'm looking for a new game to get lost in. Not too picky about the game type but I really want something with a fully realised world. In the past games like Mass Effect 1-3, Fallout (3 &amp; NV), GTA, Far Cry 3, Star Wars: KOTR, Dishonoured, STALKER have all ticked this box. Trying to play through Witcher 2 at the moment and it's just not doing it for me.  It has to have a story to get me interested (no Minecraft/Terraria etc), I'm not a fan of a fantasy setting (Oblivion/Skyrim wasn't for me) and preferably something reasonably modern. It can be hard to get engaged with an old game.  And no not Dark Souls 2.
[zombie apocalypse, space station, dark night, dayz, dayz]	[Project Zomboid](http://, [Cataclysm DDA](http:// and  [Neoscavenger](http:// are all set in a post apocalyptic world and are focused on surviving in that environment. All are unfinished but not terribly so. Cataclysm feels more finished than Project Zomboid and I'm actually unsure how Neoscavenger compares to the others. All are open world games that don't care if you're looking for a story or not. Only Neoscavenger actually has some proper story to be found if you go looking for it anyway. Human NPCs are currently bugged and not implemented in both PZ and Cataclysm. Cataclysm has the option of enabling them but is likely to generate error messages and crashes, not really recommended.  Cataclysm and Neoscavenger are strictly singleplayer while Zomboid has a very very early multiplayer build available as of this post.  [Project Zomboid](http:// is more down to earth than Cataclysm and Neoscavenger. The zombies are slow, stupid and "normal". Or at least the default zombies are, you can customize them to be worse or absolutely ridiculously bad ass. Fighting them takes knocking them down on the ground and repeatedly bashing them for a kill. Being hit at all, even once can mean you're doomed. The chance to get infected is very high and combat with several zombies at once should be avoided. Infection is also not treatable by any means. This game is the story of how you died, not how you conquered the apocalypse. I think the atmosphere in this game is great, the music, the way the zombies work, the noise as something bashes on your door and the screech as you run into an unexpected zombie. I can't help but be paranoid, it really gets a mood going.  Project Zomboid has a set map so far which is a town and the wilderness around it. This map isn't complete but the town is large enough for you to explore it for quite some time as it stands.  [Cataclysm DDA](http:// on the other hand features special zombies similar to the Left for Dead games, mutants and things best left unspoiled. Infections are pretty rare and treatable either with medicine or something as simple as disinfecting the wound with a hot knife. You are also more likely to either be or have the possibility of being an absolute bad-ass. This game has a fantasy sci-fi zombie mutant apocalypse. You can craft practically anything, making guns and assembling your own murder-machines or turning into the next cyber super soldier. Despite being pretty over the top, I think it does a really good job of being an open world zombie game. At the start you're going to be happy if you find a few candies to feed you. I almost think it's better to purposefully not go into the high tier stuff and make it feel like that the whole time. At least once you've gotten to the high tier stuff a few times.  Project Zomboid always feels like the early game in Cataclysm, it's the sparser game. Cataclysm doesn't quite feel as atmospheric, maybe it's the graphics and the tiles or maybe it's because you can become so powerful, I can't quite put my finger on it. It does have its moments though, I find most of them coming from the morale system, drinking to calm down because you killed some zombie kids while looting gives it a very depressing feel. On the flip side, you can just do a bunch of meth to buff yourself and slaughter an entire school without a care in the world.  Cataclysm  lets you generate worlds. They usually become scattered towns and cities with the roads and everything in between them. It has few options, the major one being city size. And I'm not just talking zombie density, more of the really powerful kinds of zombies spawn there. Think the previously mentioned Left for Dead styled zombies.  Like in Zomboid you can also customize the zombies. However it's only to the extent of changing how respawning works (basically remove respawning or something) and removing those special zombie types. Disabling special zombies also disables a lot of special locations because the monster types associated with them aren't in the world. For the "full game" let everything spawn, it is nice to try regular zombies as well though.  And the last thing that needs mentioning is that I recommend playing Cataclysm with the text graphics since the graphical version is missing graphics for stuff. I happen to be biased and think readability is lost in low resolution tiles though, even without missing graphics.  Then there's [Neoscavenger](http:// (link to demo and site): Pretty down to earth and feels like the middle ground between PZ and Cataclysm. It has some fancy tech and a few monsters/mutants in it, but most of the time it's really just humans trying to survive. It has a very desperate feel to it. Everything is scarce, it almost feels too scarce at times honestly. This game is so scarce that you'll kill a man for his shoes and feel entirely justified doing so, because hell. You needed some new shoes.  Even the combat doesn't feel the least bit graceful, it's usually a wild tumble where you both trip on rubble, pull each other down, fight dirty in every way possible. Because combat is scary, you can get life threatening injuries very easily if your opponent has a weapon. Even without a weapon he could very well just knock you unconscious and rob or finish you. Compared to Cataclysm and PZ I think Neoscavenger generally has the more detailed combat. It has morale for the enemies. Many bandits will turn around if you shout at them and wave around a rock menacingly. You should really do the same if they are the ones trying to scare you off as well.  While I haven't really gotten as far in Neoscavenger, I'm going to say it has a bit less content compared to the other games from what I've seen. At least in terms of pure gameplay things. What Neoscavenger has however is story encounters. These events require some pretty serious reading to get through but the ones I've found have been well worth it. They are well written and atmospheric.  Cataclysm features a ludicrous amount of crafting recipes, probably in the hundreds, custom car building, building houses and whatever. PZ has farming and building along with some simpler crafting. Neoscavenger has crafting as well but PZ and Cataclysm both have more fine grained exploration due to using a small tilesize (in area represented) compared to the hexes of Neoscavenger that represent entire neighborhoods or towns.  Note: This is a merging of previous recommendations by me made in the comments around this sub and /r/gamingsuggestions. Excuse any weirdness about the text, I'm not a writer nor a native english speaker. I felt they should get their own post for the sake of exposure.
[the price is right, the price is right, path of exile, path of exile, titan quest, titan quest, dark souls, two worlds, roguelike, diablo 2, diablo 3]	This is my first reddit post, please don't kill me.  RPG games are my absolute favorite and I (almost) don't play any other type of game. A game has to suck me up completely, I want to spend countless hours on one game and explore every nook and cranny. But I am very hesitant to buy a game. I am extremely careful(l) when picking a game I want to spend money on; and right now I am at a loss. Until now I have had little trouble picking a new game to start on. So I here I am asking the internet for help.  **What I like/am looking for:**  * A fantasy/medieval setting. Torchlight II went a little farther and I still enjoyed it, but nothing too modern.  * I love theorycrafting and numbercrunching. I love spending ten minutes deciding if I should go for 10 extra health or 1 extra Dexterity. I love calculating what items I should wear to hit the critical chance soft cap. I love using classes/spells in an onorthodox way (melee Embermage is the best) but I also like following the mainstream build and theorizing what skills would fit and which not.  * The more different stats, the better. I don't want to play a game with Assasin's Creed weapon/armor stats for example. (Bad example I know)  * I am fine with a more serious theme/story, a humoristic theme/story, a horror theme/story, ... It doesn't matter, I would enjoy all.  * Graphics don't matter that much for me. Be it Skyrim quality, Torchlight quality, Oblivion or Mount and Blade. 2D is also possible (I'm thinking of Rogue Legacy). The only thing (I can think of) I do not like is "high quality 2D" ( Divine Divinity, Baldur's Gate).  * Demo's! If I can try out a game before trying it, I would be so happy.  * PC only.  **What I don't like/am not looking for**  * A futuristic/modern setting. No *Fallout/Mass Effect/Star Wars*.  * Too much grinding. I always want to progress, be it skills, level, spells, equipment, quest, story, ... But after a certain time (MMORPGs and Torchlight II) I had to do meaningless grinding without reward, only the knowledge I would be able to survive in a dungeon after two months grinding.  * *Final Fantasy* stuff has never appealed to me.  * I've watched a Let's play of *Ni No Kuni* and the graphics/story/theme didn't appeal to me.  * I have played mods for Oblivion, lesser mods to OOO; and am not looking for modded Oblivion nor Skyrim.  * I have read *shady8x*'s amazing RPG list and checked titles and games that appealed at first glance.  * Consoles.  * Multiplayer tends to put me off really quick.  * *Evil Quest, Overlord, Blackguards, Dragone Age 2, TES III:Morrowind*.  I will add stuff on the lists should I come up with more.  **What I have played (and enjoyed):**  * Dragon Age:Origins (Awakening)  * Torchlight II  * TES IV:Oblivion  * TES V:Skyrim  * Sleeping Dogs  * Runes of Magic (a WoW ripoff, but F2P)  * Mount and Blade:Warband  * Assassin's Creed  * Neverwinter (the MMORPG)  * Pirates of the Caribbean  **What I would like your opinion on:**  * I have tried to play the demo of *Kingdoms of Amalur* but it there was a massive bug with the screen, everything was black and menus wouldn't dissapear after opening. However from what I have gathered this game would fit my tastes. What do you think?  * *Diablo III*. Is it very different from Torchlight II; would I enjoy it enough to justify buying it or should I just play Torchlight II again? I tried out the demo and it seemed very fun (very enjoyable atmosphere) but the many different internet opinions have clouded my judgement. Does it stay fun in the long run? It is on sale now, so this is a question I am interesting in.  * *Rogue Legacy/Hero Siege*. I have zero knowledge about roguelikes or roguelites or whatever, but it seems enjoyable. My question is: is character development key enough for me to enjoy it. From what I have seen it is mostly skill in defeating the bosses on a platform.  * *Baldur's Gate*. I keep reading it is amazing but the screenshots don't quite convince me. Can you?  * *Two Worlds*. I have read up a little about it but was not sure, I wasn't convinced enough. Do you think I should?  * *Dark Souls*. The only knowledge I have of this comes from [SsethTzeentach's video](https://; and I never have been able to put myself to looking up more about it.   Damn I wrote a lot more than I expected. Thanks in advance for helping out a troubled soul!
[spec ops the line, metro last light, assassin's creed, alpha protocol, dark souls 2, over the top, metal gear, dmc]	So yeah, I've had an up and down last 4 years. Basically had my gaming computer shit out on me, and have been using a Pentium 4/8400 GS to "game" on since 2011. I've just recently built a PC that can play anything completely maxed out, and I'm looking to make up for lost time. These are the games I've played or bought so far:  * Mass Effect 2/3 * Deus Ex: Human Revolution * League Of Legends * Bioshock Infinite * Tomb Raider * Far Cry 3 * LA: Noire  What other games have I missed in this list? I particularly enjoy games with a strong story. Doesn't have to be an RPG (though I *love* good RPGs), just games with good storytelling are the ones I tend to stick with the most and actually finish.
[crossfire, kknd]	Hi guys, I'm looking for a really old RTS I used to be as a kid. The year was probably ~1998 and I can only remember very little about the game:  - Very similar to StarCraft. It had 3 races, the humans, the bugs and some weird aliens  - There was only one resource I think and it was oil. Each race can build extractors on these pools of oil.  - There was no limit on how many units can be in your control group.  Unfortunately, that's really all I can remember. I tried googling this but had no luck. Really hope someone here can shed some light. Thanks!!
[valkyria chronicles, valkyria chronicles, fallout new vegas, resonance of fate, resonance of fate, beyond two souls, beyond two souls, the last of us, action games, dragon age 2, over the top, mass effect, mass effect, mass effect, mass effect, tomb raider, tomb raider, heavy rain, fallout 3, pick up]	My favourite games are:   Monkey Island series  Mass Effect series  Heavy Rain  GTA V  The Last of Us  The Sims 3  Tomb Raider series  I prefer a game that lets me make my own choices, or at very least lets me pick my own dialogue even if it doesn't affect the ending. If possible, I'd like to play something where I can customise my own character. I have no preference over the gender of the protagonist.   I would prefer the story to be not too fantasy driven, or at least not medieval (I have no idea why I am averse to this, it just puts me off).   I'm not really in to action-focused games. If there's going to be a lot of action then I need the story to be compelling, the characters to be relatable, and I also would like to be able to put the game on to an easy-peasy setting as difficult combat sequences are the number one reason I put a game down.   I was thinking about picking up the Uncharted series, which I have heard very good things about, or The Walking Dead season 1. I actually have the latter on Steam, but I found it a bit irritating to play using a mouse and keyboard. I'm not the most coordinated of individuals and it just reminded me of playing Fahrenheit (I think it was also called Indigo Prophecy?), which was a fairly frustrating experience for me! Does TWD play well on a PS3?   I'm also a bit of a wimp, so although I am dying to play TWD I worry that it may be one to play with my OH on the weekends rather than by myself at night.   TLDR; any PS3 suggestions for a wimp who prefers to play story-driven games?
[amusement park]	Say you and your friends are waiting to get into a club, or comic-con, or airport security. You've got a little time to kill and want to spice it up a little. What do you pull out?  Requirements:    1. Relatively short playtime: 20 minutes max. Even better if it has rounds.   2. Easy to pack up and move without disrupting the game. Shouldn't need a tabletop or intricate positioning. 3. Should support anywhere from 2-6 players (3-4 maybe acceptable). 4. Not overly obnoxious to others waiting. Doesn't have to be quiet but no shouting, obscenities, or roughhousing.   Some matches I've thought of:  1. Guessing games like 20 questions or Botticelli.  2. Catchphrase. 3. Drawing games like Dots and Boxes.  I'd especially love card games, but I can't find any simple enough to play in line yet deep enough to be fun. It can also be a video game, as long as it's portable and multiplayer.
[tf2]	According to steam I have 3,842 hours of dota which has been my primary game for the past 3-ish years. It reignited my passion for games unlike any other game has done before or since. I'm still in love with the scene as a whole - watching games, what's going on in the meta, and all the little dramas and stories that happen to the competitive players. Dota is not just a game for me, it is THE game/experience, a long rabbit hole with no ending readily in sight. Now it sounds like I'm breaking up with my wife, but I don't want a game as complex or stressful as dota. These three years have been pretty hard on me illness wise, so I had to spend a lot of time at home. Now that I'm getting better I'm trying out things other than games in my free time like reading, exercise, writing, ect.   I have tons of single player games I could play, but I really do like the social aspects of a game and working as a team with people. Ever since I uninstalled Dota I haven't really played many games at all, even those shiny games I bought on steam sales and never picked up. They just seemed like soulless experiences compared to playing with real people.  But anyway I'm ranting, recc me a good game. Preferably free to play, requires skill more than time, and is not League/smite/another moba. MMO's are fine as long as they're good (the battle systems bore me mostly.):D
[call of duty]	I'm going to be employed at Gamestop soon, and I was wondering which games I should play to be as well-experienced as I can with the current scene of games, as well as which games I should play to have knowledge necessary for some big upcoming games, like the previous game(s) in a series.  I play plenty of games, predominantly on PC, but it's just things like TF2 and LoL or whatever so I don't have a great deal of knowledge about the most recent console scene since I don't often get console games.   I currently have an Xbox 360, a 3DS, and a PC, and I'm going to get either an Xbone or PS4 soon, but I haven't decided yet which would be better to stay well-informed on games(and thus a better employee).
[where in the world is carmen sandiego, heavy rain]	So i just watched an hour of Cowboy Bebop and fell asleep over it and i think it caused me to have a slightly related dream, where i was a private investigator that had stepped on some toes and was getting framed.  IT got me thinking. Apart from the somewhat juvenile DS and 3DS games, are there games where you're a proper Private Investigator? I mean, the kind of game where you don't just get taken from location to location to look for the answer, but where you actually do the investigating yourself?  If there is, does any of it fall in the range of Steampunk, Cyberpunk or Noir? that is, dark and grim in general?  Also, i'm not looking for  Noir.   if there's nothing of this, then that's an entire sub genre waiting to happen.
[transport tycoon, simutrans, openttd]	I love Strategy and Simulation type games, but the constant go kill this person or that group is tiring and I want something new. I love complexity so it doesn't have to be dumbed down. I've looked around on Steam and Good Old Games, but nothing is grabbing my attention. The closest example I could give is Patrician, I just avoid the battles as much as possible. SimCity and Anno 2070 are other examples, but SimCity has gotten boring and Anno can still have battles which I do my best to avoid as well.   Can anyone suggest a game that's a business builder of some sort with lots of strategy/simulation to use my brain power? I want an empire to control, but it doesn't matter if it is a city or a business or even a guild doing contracts. I'm just tired of all the killing. Any ideas?
[anno 2070]	My [favourite game](http:// is thirteen years old now, and I've finally played all the fun out of it.  Now I'm looking for a new resource management sim, preferably sci-fi, hopefully with a sense of humour and definitely with the option to play without combat.  Dungeon Keeper was great.  I quit The Sims after 20 minutes and gave the disk away.  I've tried Tropico, and decided it wasn't for me.  I had fun with [Space Colony](http:// but lost interest when the guns came out.  Spore just never clicked.  I realise I'm as fussy as a 2-year old, but I'd appreciate any suggestions you can make.
[hatsune miku: project diva, white knight chronicles, ninja gaiden sigma, tales of symphonia, way of the samurai, ratchet and clank, little big planet, metal gear solid, kingdom hearts, ninja gaiden 3, super stardust, dark souls 2, dark souls 2, playstation, god of war, god of war, wipeout hd, motorstorm, killzone, okami hd, yakuza, yakuza, sotc, ico ]	Hi all! Basically I got a ps3 just recently for Dark Souls 2 which I'm already bored of a little bit. PvE is all nice and fun but I'm a PvP person and let's be honest: PvP in DaS2, currently at least, is shit. So I wondered: What are so good PS3 titles? Obviously there are giants like GTA5 and the like but I'd like to know others aswell. What PS3 games would you recommend? Genre doesn't really matter, nor does when it came out. I don't really care if it was just one of the most recent ones or came with the PS3 launch. At the moment I'm getting MGS4, Demon's Souls and Ninja Gaiden 3. Thanks a lot in advance :)
[wildstar]	Just look at the title and tell me if you think of anything that comes to mind! I would really appreciate suggestions and am open to a variety of games, even if what you thought of from the title doesn't exactly agree with what I wrote below.  ----- More Info / discussion / examples:  I'm looking for a game that makes you a bit nervous while you work hard towards the next piece of gear or for some resources you are trying to get.  Enemies should make you want to really move around to avoid being killed. I dislike games where you mostly kick eachother's shins and pop heals until the enemy falls over.  I would prefer equipment to be hard to come by, I hate when you can upgrade all your stuff every other level, because I get annoyed rather than excited by constant trivial improvements. A bit of a grind is OK.  DayZ and DeadFrontier are a couple of examples, both coincidentally being zombie games with steep death penalties. I also remember the original Priston Tale being fun because I would really stick my neck out far in the field to gather loot, and sell it in order to save up for only one piece of equipment. It also felt like you had a lot of directions to go in, not just themepark corridors (although its been so long I may have rose-colored glasses).
[time commando]	I know this is a bit of an odd request, but the other day I suddenly remembered about this old PC game I used to play as a kid: It was from the 90's - earlys 00's; set on an alien world, and had a fallout-type isometric point-and-click interface. I remember that it had resident evil 4-style inventory management and a lot of puzzles based around fixing machinery; usually in weird environments (swamp, volcano, etc.)  I realize this is a long shot, but I am insanely nostalgic for this thing. Anyone know what game this might be?
[evochron mercenary, escape velocity, drox operative, star control 2, star control 2, space rangers, starflight]	I've been playing that series for years on and off.  but after another playthrough you start at Square One and have to put up with the first few years of weak and terrible equipment, go without my precious artifacts (oh my  and my nanorobots and my black sludge and my hypergenerator whatever would I have done without you) and have to work my way up again.  ugh.  Soo I want another game that consists of running from hub to hub, doing quests, optimizing your RPG stuff, and hopefully playing the trade market and generally making your money work for you.  replayability and variety is key.  I have already completed Freelancer. I am aware of X but the controls scare me.  Space as setting, while helpful, is not necessary.   Action/RPGs usually focus on perfectly optimized builds, while I prefer to make do with shit you *do* have.
[binary domain, action games]	Some of my favourite parts in shooters have been when the deviate from normal game play and have a "holy crap look what's going on" type of scene. Where the player gets a feeling there's a huge battle going on around them and they aren't carrying their team mates (*cough* COD *cough*). There's a scene from Gears of Wars 2, I think the worm bit, that comes to mind.      I'm looking for a game with open-ish maps that encourage a lot of movement (acrobatics maybe?), gunfights that are tactical, huge-ass-motherfuckin' giant things somewhere (to give that "big battle" feel) and a competent story line.      Titanfall looks promising to me, I like the movement system and how the Titans are balanced, although it doesn't quite have that huge battle feel from what I've seen. Parts of Halo Reach and BF3's campaign come very close. Star Wars Battlefront 2's XL mode is fantastic and has that "big" feeling I'm looking for, however it's an old game and it's samey features (and silly AI) put me off sometimes.   Just to clarify, it doesn't necessarily have to be open world.      I know I'm not being terribly helpful, so just ask whatever questions you need!      Any help is appreciated!      
[europa universalis, crusader kings ii]	Basically, a game in which you focus on the political game. Backstabbing, wheelin' dealin', manipulation, etc.  I'm not really interested in international politics ( every single Paradox game, or Civilization) and I've tried *Republic: The Revolution*, but found it unplayable. Still, it is probably closest to what I'm looking for.  I don't mind if it's text or low on graphics.  Reddit; let thy wisdom enlighten me!  Cheers,  EDIT: I already own and have played CK2. Great game, not exactly what I'm craving!
[the walking dead]	So my girlfriend and I have played loads of games together already. I play, she watches, so the games can't be too action-oriented, cause naturally that is mostly boring for the non-player. Games we have played and enjoyed a lot: Walking Dead, Last of Us, Ni No Kuni, Mafia I + II, Hitman (all of them), Zelda (all of them), Mario (you can guess). Oh, and also numerous adventures - all the old LucasArts stuff, Brothers, Deponia etc.  So she likes the story-orientation or stealth/plan-your-assault part. And she just plain loves Zelda and Mario games. ;) I simply like all games, so fire away. It would also be very good if the game (even if it's PC) could be played with a gamepad because I can hook up my PC to the living room TV.
[quake iii arena, point of view, diablo ii, out there, out there, get away]	I'm setting up my first LAN party (Yay!!) with a mix of gamers and non-gamers. I've wanted to play Artemis for years, and much to the chagrin of my wife, its all I've been talking about it for a few months. And now, finally, my chance has arrived...   But my friends might want to try something other than a sci-fi related game. I've looked through a variety of forums and websites, but couldn't seem to find any titles with similar gameplay. I beseech the all mighty hive-mind that is Reddit to not let me down and provide me with the answers I seek.    
[dark souls, fix it]	I'm struggling looking for a **singleplayer** game that I like. I'm looking for some game that matches *most of* my criteria below.  **Things I like:**  - open, scenery, above ground  - solid storyline with surprise twist  - a reason to progress the story  - mythical monsters  - 3D graphics similar to 2005-2009 games or 1st year of xbox360/ps3, I can't run recent games  **things I dislike:**  - RTS or any overlooking map view, I pref 1st or 3rd person view  - Solely fixated on driving or flying  - superheros or godly character  - classic fantasy story: good guys vs big bad evil boss army  - dungeons, I hate dark underground caves filled with spiders and ogres  - long painful repetitive monster hunting or material grinding  - end of the world like scenarios or survival  - futuristic space colonisation and advanced military tech, star wars is an exception though   To give you an idea which games I really **enjoyed**:   GTA 3-VC-SA, Mafia 2 (/no DLC), Kingdoms of Amalur, Jade Empire, Medal of Honor (pre-ps3 release), Star Wars JK   Games I **dislikes**/stopped playing:   GTA IV (didn't like the changes+couldn't run it smoothly), TES Oblivion (up until forced into dungeons w difficult mobs), Gothic III (frustrating combat), Dark Souls (obvious reasons), Assassins Creed, Mirror's Edge (running all the time), Mass Effect, Bioshock  I know I dislike most of the mainstream games like Bioshock/Mass effect/AC/NSFW/Fallout/Shadow of Chernobyl/Borderlands/Mirror's Edge... and this makes it hard for me to find a game that I can really enjoy.  Your thoughts are much appreciated, thank you. 
[jagged alliance 2, mercs]	The kind of itch I want to scratch is one where I can set up and plan a raid against an enemy stronghold. Ideally as like a group of FBI agents raiding a cartel or something similar.  I'm looking for a game that includes strategizing before I attack. Logistics and the like. How many people am I going up against? How can I budget my team to have an appropriate amount of support, yet not break my bank? Can I take them down peacefully?  I'm looking for relatively small-scale battles, maybe focusing on an area around a few houses as compared to the huge battles of Age of Empires or Rome
[master of magic, age of wonders, king's bounty]	Hey everyone, just watched a Let's Play of the new Age of Wonders by quill18 and it looked really interesting. I'm cheap as hell though and wont' get it until it's at least 50-66% off, so I was wondering what some similar style games are. I enjoy CIV V pretty well and have it already, but I really like the over world mechanics and then the turn based tactics style combat system, combined with the immense character customization and leveling. What are some similar games from the past that I may enjoy, or should be on the lookout for as well for discounts?
[gamecube, loz]	I've got a PS3 and a laptop that can run KOTOR-tier games, as well as a DS and of course a bunch of emulators.  Any suggestions? I like feeling like a part of something bigger than my character, so I'd prefer it if s/he wasn't some all-powerful god.   I've played Deus Ex: Human Revolution, Assassin's Creed 1 and 2, Souls series, Skyrim, Oblivion, stuff like that.  Obvious inclusions so stray away from these:  * The other Deus Ex Games  * The other Assassin's Creed Games  * The other Elder Scrolls Games  Thanks!  EDIT: I feel I should specify I welcome games from any era, graphics aren't really a concern nor is the gameplay, I am just really concerned with the world and the consequences of my existing in it.
[path of exile, torchlight 2, titan quest, diablo 3]	I like to listen to podcasts, and usually I drive a lot so they're great for listening in the car. However, I've been spending less time on the road lately, and have found that some games lend themselves well to focusing on people talking. Ideally I'm looking for games that are light in terms of text to read and complex decisions to make.  Examples of what's worked for me so far has been Minecraft, Rogue Legacy, Mercenary Kings, The Binding of Isaac, Spelunky and Super Meat Boy. I tend to like games where you can explore around and collect/upgrade items (Rogue Legacy really scratched that itch, but I'm at like New Game 10+ now and it's getting stale), and have a soft spot for "old-school" platformers even though my computer is quite decent. Tower defense type games are juuust on the threshold between "I can focus on the podcast" and "I have to pay attention to what I'm doing". Anything plot-heavy doesn't work. And obviously, I'm playing without any sound, so any game where the soundtrack is important won't do.  If you're the kind of person who plays while having a conversation with a friend sitting on the couch next to you, you probably understand the kind of "low intellectual involvement" game I'm after.  Open to all genres. Thanks for your suggestions!
[know how, be good]	I'm a communication PhD who studies the effects of video games. I'm also one of the [228 signatories](http:// who cautioned the APA's official stance on video game violence.  Anyway, I'm setting up a research lab at my university, and I'll be buying several PCs for running games. I'm using a lot of my start up money for this project, and I might not get much more into the future. I'm trying to figure out what I need in terms of PCs for running today's games, but also what I'll need 36 months from now.  So what do I need to run current games? I've looked at system specs for games like Titanfall and Watchdogs. Should I just use the recommended specs from games like this to build my computer or am I missing something? Also, my university uses Dell computers, so I might get a discount with them if I bought an Alienware or one of their top of the line computers. Of course, I'm using my start up funds, so I can technically go with any manufacturer I want. Is there a reason I should avoid an Alienware computer? Are there other's that are cheaper?  I'd appreciate any help you could give. :)
[state of decay]	I used to game every day, every minute, I used to think about video games and want to even make my own video game.  But that amount of binge gaming I feel has destroyed my ability to game and get addicted/immersed in a game again.   A little background: I really wanted to find a good single player (zombie) game that revolves around building a base and scavenging. I've looked (a lot) and nothing I've seen has interested me.  [here is my steam library](http://  **Honestly any game that you've been addicted to or immersed in I will take a look at.**
[the walking dead]	I have a family member who LOVES The Walking Dead tv show. He doesn't play games at all aside from things like Words With Friends. Is the Walking Dead game simple enough that he could play it and have a good time? I think he would love the story since I've heard so many good things about it. Its a point and click adventure so it would seem ok but the main things I am worried about are 1. Manual dexterity, do you need good reflexes at all, like shooting zombies or QTEs or anything (he would be playing on PC with a mouse and keyboard). And 2, puzzles that use "video game logic" and would be hard to figure out for a non gamer.
[the walking dead]	So I share a lot of my wife's hobbies (camping, backpacking, exercising), but she doesn't have any particular interest in video games. I'm hoping to remedy that so that we can maybe find some stuff to play together when many of our outdoor activities are not doable. She **loves** the Nancy Drew games, and really enjoyed Trine until the puzzles started requiring keyboard and mouse dexterity which she lacks. Those are really the only 2 I think she's ever put any real amount of time too. I was hoping for just any and all suggestions that are easy to control and quick to enjoy that I may introduce her to to help develop her dexterity and open up avenues for gaming together in the future. Thanks in advance!
[dante's inferno]	As in title, i'm looking for a PC or PS3 game where your character cleanses evil and corruption from the game world, either by enforcing the law or by hunting down heretics for bounty. In other words, the main themes of the game must be related to: Fighting black magic, alchemy , and other occult arts; ensuring the continued belief in a deity; setting the example for the populace, etc. Bonus points if you can name an action RPG of this type, but anything from point-and-click to fps will do. If the game features such a character as a class, that's fine, as long as the class-specific quests are substantial enough to play single-player. Non-violent characters are fine.
[kerbal space program, xcom enemy unknown +, natural selection 2, spec ops the line, assassin's creed, call of duty 4, shadow warrior, sleeping dogs, mirror's edge, just cause 2, over the top, saints row 3, mass effect, tomb raider, dark souls, dead space, mario kart, minecraft, fallout 3, far cry 3, bioshock, spelunky, trine 2, deus ex, gta]	In that period I've been using laptops that can barely run minesweeper. Last year I finally saved enough to get a decent PC with a 7950. The last few month I played sequels I couldn't wait to play. Portal 2, GTA IV, Prince of Persia the forgotten sands and Devil may Cry 5. Though it seems I've missed out on entire series of games and epic indie games that I know nothing about.  I'm mainly into FPS games (mouse+keyboard) and Action/Adventure style games (using logitech F710 as 360 controller).  Thanks for your help!
[need for speed, trackmania]	The last racer I could play perfectly on my laptop keyboard was the 2005 NFS Most Wanted. After that, whatever I've tried is impossible to play (or even win a single race). NFS Shift 1 &amp; 2 are impossible on the keyboard. So are the DiRT and GRiD series (except "Dirt Showdown", which I played recently and enjoyed quite a bit).  I miss the late 90s/early 00s, when all I needed for some good arcade racing fun with some friends was a crappy PC and a single Keyboard. Are there any decent new racers that can be played properly with a keyboard? Or do I have to pay up for a gamepad (which I don't want to buy, cause I'm not much of a serious gamer)?  EDIT : - My laptop has an Intel HD 4000 graphics processor. So yeah, the totally new games might not work as well. Although anything till 2012 will work fine.
[far cry 3: blood dragon]	I used to primarily play FPS games, but I've been out of the scene for so long that I have no idea what a good return would be. In the last few years I've only played Borderlands 2 and FarCry 3, both I found fantastic.  My favourite FPSes are;  * Anything by Valve. * Borderlands 1/2 * Deus Ex * Fallout 3, New Vegas * Bioshock 1, 2, Infinite * CoD 2 * BF2, BF2142  I used to play CSS mostly, but I'm looking for decent single player experiences right now.  Edit: I also forgot to mention that recent CoD and BF games are not what I am interested in.
[south park: the stick of truth, paper mario]	I'll give you guys a run down of the ones I own and have loved over the years and you guys hit me with suggestions. I'm aware of a lot of games I need to try but the systems i'm looking to get any of these on are preferably the Vita, PS3, or 360  My faves: Final Fantasy 1-10 (I love this style of menu based combat, anything like this is ideal &lt;3), Chrono Trigger, Xenogears and Xenosaga, Persona 3 and 4 (Didn't care for the first 2 so much), Super Mario RPG, Paper Mario, Earthbound,  I don't mind JRPGs or strong female characters/protagonists, but I'm not a huge fan of the 'chibi' art style or a cast of mainly/if not all EXTREMELY OTAKU SUPAH JAPANESEARU anime girls. Also plz refrain from grid based tactics-like RPGs (IE Disgae and the like) because I do like those in moderation but I've seen so many over the past few years and especially action RPG's that I'm just kind of tired of those now a days. (Hence my search for the turn based gems I need in my life) 
[sleeping dogs, gta]	I really like the gangster, one with the city, violent, realistic (ok, maybe SR isn't so realistic), gritty kind of action/adventure. It doesn't have to be an RPG (in fact, I prefer a set character, like in GTA). I'm just looking for that style of game. The later SRs got too goofy for me, and, besides it not being on PC, GTA V just isn't, from what I've seen, as good as its predecessor. It's too short and the missions just aren't as diverse and creative as in IV. Quite disappointing, honestly, coming from Rockstar.   Also, I'm looking for pretty recent titles, with decent graphics (so not really anything like SA or GTAIII). Maybe something like Red Dead, but more like GTA or SR with the city-mobster-feel.  Thanks in advance! I like my KSP and FPSs, but I would like a new action/adventure to get into. 
[sentinels of the multiverse, knights of the round, zombie apocalypse, alien assault, king arthur, flashpoint, star trek, camelot, camelot, camelot, pick up, loki]	So at work they were discussing team building ideas and came back to the old "sit at a table, you've crashed on the moon, what do you take with you to get to base camp?" thing.  Which instantly made me think that http://  would be a better\different option  What I'm really after though are any multiplayer games, preferably survival and shorter ones rather than something like minecraft.  I thought I'd approach it from the other direction, what's fun and engaging but also teaches team work rather than what teaches team work and oh year fun would be good too.  So what's good for team building and fun that's not too epic?
[monster hunter 3 ultimate, wii u]	My boyfriend and I love to game together, whether it be Minecraft or TERA. Lately though, we've been forced to just watch either play games instead of playing together as we can't find anything we are both interested it.  Systems we have: PS4, PS3, PS2, PC, 3DS Games we have played: TERA, Rift (didn't like), FFXIV, Eden Eternal (loved but endgame got way too grindy), Minecraft, Saints Row, CIV5, Pokemon, some free Link game on 3DS Deal breakers: No side scrollers  Preferred F2P but P2P is fine if it's really good for mmos.  We have have a certain genre we like and will take any suggestions. We just want something we can easily play together and not just alone side eachother.
[ffxiv]	Was watching and reading some reviews of the game and to be honest it sounds pretty decent... Like how FF have really stepped up there game and brought the story back into it and people are saying it feels like a FF game again like with the story and it is just so much better than there old online game...  But i was just wondering if it is ACTUALLY worth buying? Like does it have a lot of daily players? Im sort of looking for a game on par with WoW... I have played WoW for a long long time and quit about 2 years ago. I dont want to return to WoW because i feel like i want to start something new...   Just wondering what the biggest current MMO is? Like is FF good or is there a better and bigger MMO out?
[dragon knight, the dark eye, dark souls]	So I've sort of run into gaming depression where I'm of out of games that really interest me.  Rpgs were really the only games that held my interest and I think I've exhausted the supply of all recent ones that I've heard about, and have played to death most of the ones I've owned over the years so I can't really go back to those.  I've tried to replay ones I own that I hadn't installed mods for yet, and that still didn't work out for me.  I'm not really a fan of shorter games so i'm looking for something that I can put a good chunk of time into over a few weeks. If my PS3 worked I'd probably have jumped on Dragon's Dogma by now, but the only thing available to me is a pc.  I'm assuming I've played most new ones so in all likelihood I'm looking for an older game, in which case graphics aren't *too* big a deal for me, but I'd rather not go way back unless mods can help with that.  I am slightly open to other genres that have time sinks too but games like Civilization and Paradox strategy games aren't my cup of tea mostly because of a lack of direction story wise.  What I've played:  Dragon Age (both of them)  Witcher(both)  Oblivion/Skyrim  Kingdoms of Amalur  Starwars: Knights of the Old Republic-Finished the first, didn't think too highly of it, which is why I didn't get far into the second.  Dark Souls  Fallout 3/New Vegas   Games I tried but didn't like:  Borderlands 2-just barely makes this list, I had fun with it but it wore off quickly  Mass Effect  Deus Ex: Human Revolution  Morrowind(don't shoot me)   There's probably a lot more that I can't recall off the top of my head.  Thanks.  
[tropico]	I've played Anno games but they are very simple and in the late game get boring (no real risks besides enviromental disasters which are just frustrating). I've played Total War but am looking for something with more focus on economy/city management than pure warfare. I tried Banished recently but didn't like it after the first few hours, it's just too simplistic and has no difficulty scaling (unless you count flawed game design/villager AI). I loved Stronghold but it's also kind of difficult at the beginning but due to the predictable AI has no challenge in the end game and the only gameplay that remains is expanding without purpose.  I'll probably end up reinstalling **Zeus:Master of Olympus** or Caesar (yet again) but before that, I was wondering if there are any modern games that can scratch this particular itch? These games are great but also old and I can't help but think someone made a better game in the last 14 years. 
[starcraft, game on, crysis, lol]	I am sure this has been said thousands of times, but please hear me out. I'm a college student who is about to graduate and move into the workplace. Video games have always been a part of my life, WoW, SCII,LoL,WC3,RS, and Halo,CoD, NFS, for the PC and Xbox respectively.   I have come into an allowance of roughly 600 dollars to support my gaming habbit. I am currently running an old latop (~2010) that can play league of legends on lowest settings, and still get some FPS drops and have no xbox in my name.  I was wondering what you guys think would be the most rewarding route to go and get the more bang for my buck. I am looking to compare how much 600 dollar investment in a new computer and games will compare to a 600 dollar investment into XB1, games, and related gear.   I am looking for this investment to last roughly four years until I can think about putting in another sum of money.  PS: I might add that I am a huge E-sports fan and if PC gaming has a brownie point for that. 
[devil may cry, saints row 4, darksiders, superhero]	I've been looking for an Action-Adventure game, preferably third-person, for the Playstation 3 for a while now.  However, I love the platforming element of games like Tomb Raider, Uncharted, Prince of Persia and kind of miss it, especially in recent games which include less and less platforming elements (minus of-course Assassin's Creed).  Feel free to name me any games which include any platforming action while still having fun combat and maybe even some stealth elements, even if they are big budget games which most people have played.  TL;DR: Games like Assassin's Creed/Tomb Raider with elements of platforming while still being an RPG.  Thanks a lot!
[guild wars 2]	Games Played: The only games that come to mind that I played like this are Grand Fantasia and Trickster.  Preferred Genres: Fantasy  Pricing Model: Free to play (Cash shop is fine)  Favorite Features: Class advancement choices, dungeons/raids, pvp  Eastern or Western: Doesn't matter as long as the english is fine  Combat Type: Doesn't matter as long as the UI isn't ugly  Preferred Perspective(eg FP, Over-the shoulder, isometric etc): 3rd Person  Graphics Preference: Fairly good as I'm looking for a pretty recent game  Released or Upcoming: Released preferably but upcoming is ok too. 
[mass effect, the witcher, sci-fi]	Like the title says, I'm looking for an action rpg. I'm expecting it to be 3rd person, but I'm not all that bothered by the camera location.   Specifically, I'm looking for something along the lines of dragon age 2, witcher 2 or dark souls (admittedly I'm hoping for something without the difficulty of the last two).  I'd prefer a PC title, although I have an xbox 360.  Finally, I'm not looking for an isometric turn based game, as I have most of them already :D I also own both KOTORs, before you suggest those. Thanks in advance.   List o' Games: * Divinity   * Witcher   * Dragon age   * Jade Empire   * Kotor   * fable   * Hunted   * Dungeon Siege   * Diablo   * Neverwinter Nights   * Psychonauts   * Remember Me   * Star Wars Jedi Knight/Force Unleashed   * Titan Quest   * Tomb Raider   * Vampire The Masquerade and I think that's it.   I own the series of any listed.  *EDIT:* My bad, I didn't list all the games I own that could be described as such. I'm one of those people with a huge library that skips around :D I'll list all the games I can think of and add them to this.  TL;DR: Chosen one hits things in real time to get macguffin/loveinterest/save world while allocating points to stat
[western games, custom robo, chibi robo, katamari, chulip]	I've been really jonesing for a game like MML recently, which I could maybe describe as Zelda with more character customization... but there's also a feeling I get when I play that game that I can't quite pinpoint, aside from just "feeling" that it's a style of development that's uniquely Japanese... I also get the same feeling when I play the original Digimon World for the Playstation. If you guys can't give me a rec, maybe at least you can help me define this quality? I know this is an odd request, but I've got faith in you guys!
[natural selection 2, space marines, l4d]	So I've been playing CS:GO A LOT. I love the teamwork in it and the amount of voice communication and competitive play. I'm looking for something different. I don't like RTS's much... I enjoy Ghost Recon Online but its too much of a mess. I wish I could pay 40$ for it and get a much more organized game with competition and friend play. Anyway, I've played a lot... I want a team game I guess. Tf2 doesn't interest me and payday and L4D don't interest me because you can't play against other players... Only CPU.
[galactic civilizations 2]	So Ive been playing a ton of Crusader Kings 2 and I love it. But I want something like this but in space taking over planets or parts of planets through an entire solar system or better yet a galaxy. In looking around briefly theres nothing that jumps out at me, I did however find a couple titles that looked fun such as Sins of a Solar Empire and Endless Space. Both look very interesting, but before I spend money on something I know very little about I thought I ask around on the opinions of these or other space strategy games.  What Im looking for is a game where you start with one small colony and grow it till you can explore space taking over other planets and maybe even entire systems. Fighting/war isn't needed but ok if its there, I just want to create an epic space empire.
[mass effect, bioshock, bioshock]	Title pretty much says it all, I was wondering just how different the games are (all I really know is that they're shooters [possibly both FPS], Sci-fi, and ME is in space where as BS is underwater I believe.) I've been able to avoid spoilers for these games for years while being active in game communities, so don't reveal too much, but any help on gameplay differences would be helpful, and I guess an overall recommendation of which trilogy to play in a row (I have 4 days off in a row and am looking to tackle any big project like these.)
[frozen synapse]	I'm looking for some fun, low-commitment games that can be played (and stopped) at a moment's notice. Generally, something that I can play with Netflix running in the background, or while listening to music.  Here are a few guidelines:  * It *must* be playable in a window (the smaller, the better) * It *must* be able to be paused at any time * It shouldn't require an internet connection, or at least, a constant one. * It shouldn't place an emphasis on sound/hearing * Turn-based is always good * Hardware requirements shouldn't be an issue * Price doesn't really matter, but under 20$ is preferable.  Some games I've found that are good at this sort of thing are The Binding of Isaac, Terraria, Civ 5, and Dungeons of Dredmor.  I'll play just about anything, and my computer should be able to run anything I can throw at it.  Thanks for any help you can give. 
[all games]	Hi all,  I'm a 24yo PC gamer; i have been playing PC games for 10+ years. In the last few years i have felt that there haven't been any really good games i have enjoyed. I am struggling to find anything to play that interests me.  I'm wondering if im the only one that feel this way?         **Some of my favorite PC games**     *Battlefield series  *CC Generals   *Total Annihilation  *Age of Empires 3  *Supreme Commander  *CounterStrike  *Settlers Series  *COH Series  *Borderlands  *DeadSpace Series    **Games that i have tried but go over fairly fast**    *Starcraft - To competitive for me to enjoy.  *DOTA/HON - I enjoy this as a casual game.  *SimCity - Broken Game Mechanics        I'm looking forward to Watch Dogs and The Division; however i still see no amazing RTS games on the horizon.  Unfortunately the current generation of the RTS games fall quite short of my expectations. 
[pick up]	I've was thinking about buying a kindle but then I realised that I'm spending 90% of my time reading revision for my uni exams anyway, so I want some fun instead. I currently have a 360 but I'm really having a tough choice between buying 3DSXL or the PS3. I want the DS for things like Pokemon X/Y, Monster hunter, and Luigi's mansion 2. But I'm also tempted by the PS3 to play the large amount of games I missed out on during it's lifetime (especially The Last of Us, Uncharted, and Journey) whilst I was busy with my Xbox.  So yeah, what do you lot think I should do? And if you're recommending one console over another, could you include some games you think are worth checking out?   I'm a bit oblivious about what the sony and nintendo store have to offer. Is there a large selection of past generation games available?
[starcraft, be good]	I've been rather turned off of games, lately.  I find them boring.  I used to play a lot of games that required skill, but haven't been able to find any for a long time.  Where are the games that you have to "get good at"?  This is in contrast to something like an RPG where the ability to progress in the game is entirely depending on time spent and the *character's* progression as opposed to the *player's* progression.    Some examples of games I've played in the past that fit it into the category I'm looking for are Armored Core and Monster Hunter.  Monster Hunter is a brutally tough game that takes a long time to get good at.  Armored Core, likewise, takes time.  It was a while before I able to best the top-ranked AC in Armored Core 2.  The more I played it, the better I got.  My movements became more accurate; my strategies, more advanced.  But most games I've played for the past several years have just left a boring, bland taste in my mouth.  My character magically gets more powerful as I click certain buttons--far too easy.   A note about what I'm not looking for:  CoD or LoL suggestions.  I've played online FPSs/MOBAs before and they aren't the kind of game I'm talking about.  Furthermore, while entertaining with friends, they aren't as fun for me when played against faceless strangers. Demon's Souls was probably the last game that scratched this itch, but I've played that game to death.  So much so that I don't even enjoy Dark Souls that much.   Either way, any suggestions are greatly appreciated.  If you want me to clarify on anything I've said, just let me know.
[your shape: fitness evolved, warioware: smooth moves, fruit ninja kinect, wii sports resort, kinect adventures, kinect adventures, wii sports club, zumba fitness, kinect sports, dance central, dance central, punch-out!!, just dance, just dance, wii fit u, hard time, xbox 360, rasputin, xbox one, wii u, wii u, wii u, wii u]	The answer could very well just be a Wii in which case I'd happily just replace her old one but I thought I'd check to see if there is a better option yet. Specifically I remember seeing a video on reddit a little while ago where some people were dancing along to the rasputin song. They didn't appear to be holding controllers so I believe it was monitoring their performance by camera which I thought was really cool. Can you get those camera based dance games on all current consoles? Does the Wii U have new versions of sports and fitness out? Are they any good? Do other consoles have competing titles in that style?  The console will only experience casual gameplay, no first person shooters, nothing competitive. Usage as a media centre, streaming netflix and whatnot, will not be used. What would be the best option with which accessories and titles?
[star wars: the old republic]	I've been looking for an MMO that's very relaxing or chill -- the idea being that I want to be able to level up cooking or fishing if I wanted to, and ignore the combat entirely. My favorite part of WoW was buying low and selling high on the Auction house, for example.  Minecraft is fun, but isn't exactly what I'm looking for -- you don't level up, you need to find a good server, and it's much more sandboxy that I might want. Second life is not at all what I'm looking for along those same lines. Runescape is actually the thing that I had in mind, but it's a little dated. Eve online has that same kind of "chill" feel, but I feel like I need a spreadsheet to understand it.  Is there anything out there like this? I just want a game I can relax with while I watch a TV show or multitask browsing Reddit or something. Would strongly prefer free to play, but would consider paying monthly if the game had enough non-combat stuff to do. 
[monster hunter, monster hunter, dark souls]	Some games claim to have a wide array of weapons, but they often feel and sound like the exact same gun, plus or minus a very small stat change. What are some games with lots of weapon choices, that look, feel, sound, and behave very different in your hands?  Mac, or at least Windows-compatible preferred.  Examples of good games and series I've played through:  * Worms/Liero * GTA * Deus Ex * Hotline Miami * Elder Scrolls/Fallout * Team Fortress * Half-Life * Counter-Strike * Halo * Neverwinter Nights * Diablo * FTL  Honorable mentions, where abilities or creatures take the place of weapons:  * League of Legends * DOTA * StarCraft * Pokemon  Bad examples, games and series with many weapons that all feel the same:  * Call of Duty * Borderlands
[god of war, dmc]	What I don't want:  - 1 on 1 fighters  What I do want:  - Highly responsive, snappy, non-floaty controls  - Lots of impact feeling  - Decent level of difficulty, something I feel that I can learn to get better, faster, become the master  - PC (or maybe PS3 if you want to push it)  Games I've enjoyed in the past that are similar to what I think I want: DMC, Bayonetta, God of War, Overgrowth. Help me find some sweet sweet melee combat!  Edit: Cool things you've suggested that I know I'll be checking out: Dark Souls, Batman series, other DMCs, Darksiders, MG Rising, Dragon's Dogma, The Witcher II.  Things that I'll add: Shadow Warrior reboot, new LoTR game with some guy in mordor killing orcs.
[supreme commander]	Hey guys, I'm looking for a game in the vein of C&amp;C3, but I'm not sure what's on the market and what I've seen hasn't impressed me.  I can't afford Starcraft.  That being said, I'm looking for a relatively modern RTS with acceptable graphics and a focus on base building and quick combat.    I really like the way C&amp;C3 let you construct your buildings and defenses, so as long as it has something similar I'm open to whatever you suggest.  Thanks in advance!  PC only please.  I prefer cheaper games, but I'm also open to looking at games like starcraft - I just have to save for them first.
[legends of aethereus, fallen enchantress, fallen enchantress]	I only have time to play one of these and they are all on sale. Which one should I play this weekend? My preference of gameplay does not matter, as these all fit the bill, but I mostly want to know if any of these are just horrible or if you had a really great time with any of these:   **Legends of Aethereus ($**  http://   **Stronghold 3 Gold ($**  http://   **Realms of Arkania: Blade of Destiny ($**  http://   **Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes ($**  http://   Thanks! 
[torchlight 2, sven]	We are 5 friends who all were former work colleagues but life has spread us throughout the country. We recently started playing online games together every couple of months. The last 2 times we were only 4 players, so finding 4 player games wasn't that hard (Payday 2,GRAW, Splinter Cell,...)  Now we are 5 and have a hard time finding a game. The only thing we can think of is Minecraft (which we enjoyed very much last time). It doesn't have to be co-op but it would be very much preferred.  The thing is, 2 of us are regular gamers, the other 3 only game occasionally. Thus any VS game that depends on skill is out of the question. And that's why we prefer co-op.  I was thinking about Operation Flashpoint Cold War Crisis (since ARMA2 is too CPU demanding for some of the PCs). Sven Co-op might be a fun "snack" as well. We also prefer if the games are not with other players - so not something like "make a 5 man squad in Planetside".  Any genre is welcome as long as it's fun and has some depth (no simple "casual shooters" like serious sam or halo) :-)  Thanks in advance!
[battlefield 2142]	Does anyone know some (preferably f2p) multiplayer dying game communities where there is still an active core of players, but where the total number of players is in decline?  I quite like being a part of a small group of players because it feels like you get to know your allies (and enemies) much better than when you are just a random player.  -------------------------------------------------------------------  Empire Attack is an example of a game where I would like to see some more active players.   It's a point-and-click territory game in which you have to build an empire, while you are fighting against other (human or AI) empires. It's easy to learn, but difficult to master, especially when you unlock the other gamemodes it gets quite interesting. The graphics are really simple, but don't be fooled by that, there is quite a bit of depth in it. Best thing: it's completely free to play link: http://
[path of exile, know how]	So, after Diablo 3 came out, and I logged an unhealthy amount of time on that game before deciding it wasn't quite scratching my itch, I fell away from ARPGs for a while, one of my favorite genres.  Recently, I've come back into the fold.  I plowed my way through Titan Quest, and loved it, I've been playing Tales of Maj'Eyal (as much of an ARPG as that could be considered), I've played the Grim Dawn alpha to death...  And I want more point-and-click fun and carnage!  So, what ARPGs have I probably not heard of, and should definitely play?
[shadow of the colossus, sotc, ico]	So I just finished the Last of Us, and I don't think I'll ever play a game this good ever again. I've played The Walking Dead and it was certainly more of a feels cannon, or at least I cried all through out it and some seriously hardcore sobbing at the end... with Last of Us I pretty much only cried at the beginning. Which isn't to say that feels weren't had.  Anyway, I really like that theme. A growing relationship between the main character and another. Such a strong feeling of companionship. These are the only two games that I've played that have this theme, or at least the specific feel that it gives.  Are there any others? 
[far cry 3]	Hey all. I am kind of out of new games that I like, so I'm wondering if I can get some suggestions for new ones. I got a new GPU for my PC a few months ago and just got done playing the ones that were on my bucket list when my machine couldn't run new games.  I'll list some games I liked/disliked and why I liked/disliked them.  **Games that I liked:**  * Mass Effect series - These are my all-time favorite games. I like the immersive world, character development, and freedom of the open world. My favorite thing about it was the really interesting plot.  * Bioshock Infinite - What I liked about this one was the story. The gameplay was super fun too.  * Skyrim - I like the elder scrolls games because of the open world and loot collecting while building up and getting better  * Borderlands 2 - Really fun quests, and it's addicting trying to get good loot and playing with buddies  **Games I didn't like**  * Assassin's Creed - These games felt too forced and cheesy. I got fed up with doing stupid mini-games like driving horse wagons or doing ship missions or collecting items and I just wanted to stalk bad guys and kill them creatively.   * Dragon Age - I like the idea, but I just couldn't get immersed in the environment. Something about it was a little bit too nerdy. The dialogue just wasn't gripping. Instead it was cheesy and un-stylish. I didn't care for the middle-ages feel where everyone has ugly pony tails and talks in corny accents.  Other games I've played and liked:  TES games  Fallout series  NBA, MLB, Madden, and racing games like Forza  Pokemon  GTA  Star Wars: KOTOR  Thanks everyone! 
[the banner saga]	I imagine some JRPG's might qualify here, but any genre will do. I'm wanting to play a game that triggers the same emotion as [this painting.](http:// game where you're on a quest to some great destination and the journey seems hopeless. Like climbing the Throat of the World in Skyrim, but where that's the entire game, or at least a big part of it. A game that can just be summed up by "despair".   The Last of Us might be a good example of this. A game with an unforgiving world and characters who have just about given up, but not quite yet.
[path of exile]	I'm looking for a really good game with deep mechanics and customization that I can play with a small group of friends. I don't want an MMO, as yes, you can play with friends, but one of your friends inevitably outlevels you and then just ends up playing with randoms and leaving you behind. I want a game that really encourages getting together with your friends and playing.  Diablo 3 and Torchlight 2 felt a bit too grindy for me, I didn't feel like I was on an adventure as much as I was on an inventory management simulator. Too much going back to town and waiting for everyone to sell their stuff, not enough action (I also want the combat to be a bit more hands on rather than abilities with cooldowns). I want items to be RARE and special when I get them. Borderlands 2 kind of felt the same way to me.  I know I'm asking for a lot here, but obviously the game doesn't NEED to meet all of these specifications. The only real specifications I'd like it to meet is obviously co-op, a more hands on combat system than Diablo/Torchlight (maybe almost Dark Souls-ish?), and obviously it needs to be a good game.  Does anyone have any good suggestions? I'd rather it be a newer game, as I'd have a hard time getting my friends to pick up a game like Baldurs Gate 2.
[spec ops the line]	I have a really mood-sensitive stomach, and as such, I just can't play horror games. If they're remotely good at building that scary anxiety, I get physically ill.  When I was younger, a friend of mine had all the Silent Hill games. I'd watch him play occasionally, and the cutscenes always looked like a lot of fun. I like out-there storylines. I really enjoyed reading ["You Awaken in Razor Hill"](http://, even though at the time I wasn't really sure what was being referenced. The trouble is that it's hard to find mindfuck games that aren't horror. Please recommend something I can play that has a good, solid storyline that will fuck with my head - not just a twist ending. **Also, if it** ***does*** **have a twist ending, please don't spoil the fact that there's a twist ending.**  A few notes:   * I've already played Antichamber and The Stanley Parable, both of which were balls-trippingly fun. But I've exhausted that content. * I don't really like JRPGs. Visual Novels are okay. * Again, horror games (like  or Amnesia or Outlast) make me physically ill. * I prefer PC/Steam, but I'm amenable to all major PC gaming platforms (Desura, Origin, etc.,) and I also have a Wii U, 3DS, &amp; PS3.  Thanks, folks.
[team fortress 2]	Like the title says, I have never gamed before. Road Rash counts?  It should count!   I use my PC only for browsing, since i have a month off, I would like to start gaming at the very basic level.  Anyway, my system configurations are;  Windows 7 Ultimate Processor Intel Core 2 Duo RAM - 2GB 32bit OS With NVIDIA GeForce 7100/ NVIDIA nForce 630i Driver version  DirectX support  Core clock 600MHz Memory data rate 1332 MHz Memory interface 32 bit  Total available graphics 830 MB Dedicated video memory 128MB DDR 1   Suggest a game that can run with the above mentioned configuration.  
[red faction, playstation, playstation, this game, sci-fi]	I'm looking for a new game to play but having a hard time finding one that I like.  I was going to post in r/ps3 but the guidelines there specifically say not to post for general gaming suggestions.   I generally enjoy 3d action platformers.  I've played all the uncharted games, all the god of war games, all the ratchet and clank games, all the batman games, and all the assassin's creeds games (save the most recent one, I'm either going to get that for ps4 or pc, depending on whether I get a PS4 or new PC first, both of which I probably won't get for at least another year or so).    I'm not the biggest rpg fan as I like my games a bit more linear.  I usually rage quit after hitting a series of quests I'm not leveled up enough to complete (this has happened to me in skyrim, dragon's dogma, and Dragon's Age: origins).  Not having a guideline of what I can and can't do with out trial and error is very frustrating and not fun for me.  I feel like I've just wasted time instead of played a game.  I'd say Batman Arkham Asylum and Sleeping Dogs are my two favorite games on the PS3.  I'm open to all suggestions (even an RPG if you can explain why you think I'd like it), but I feel like I might have played all the games in this generation that I'd like.  Please help prove me wrong as I really want to play a new game but don't know what to try.  Thanks in advance.
[card game]	I know it's weird asking for a board game style video game port but I would like to play something like Dominion, The Penny-Arcade card game, or the Marvel Deck-builder on my phone. I had a (pirated) app called Androminion, but they stopped supporting it after it's legality came into question.  Are there any video games out there that employ the deck-building gameplay concept? Buying cards, removing cards, the random nature of deck-building just seems like it would mesh extremely well with the digital format.  EDIT: A good port of Fallout:NV's card game "Caravan" would also satisfy.
[command and conquer]	So I'm looking for a game or mods for games that will combine city building simulator, with FPS base defense.  Example: I start with a small village or colony in a pre-generated, or dynamically generated world. I develop the village or colony into a bustling city. Along the way I will have to defend against barbarian hordes looking to sack the village, or eventually whole armies (if my village is part of a nation). When defending I get to command troops and fight alongside them to the tune of Mount &amp; Blade.  Example 2: Base building mechanics and soldier rpg mechanics of XCOM:EU/EW, but the player -- when in combat -- would take control of a soldier in the squad and play from an FPS perspective.  I have a large steam library, so feel free to suggest mods to games. Also if a game such as this exists, please let me know. This itch must be scratched! XD  Edited to add another example.
[the witcher]	I just finished Dragon Age 2, and I absolutely loved it. After discovering that none of the DLC for it is worth getting, I would like to move on to another story driven RPG. This might be too much to ask, but I would also like the gameplay to be pretty good as well. The combat in Dragon Age 2 wasn't perfect, but it definitely had a nice flow to it. Some other RPGs that I like are Fallout 3, Mass Effect Series, Knights of the Old Republic Series, Elder Scrolls Series, Baldur's Gate, Fable: The Lost Chapters. I just want to jump into an interesting world,meet interesting characters that have great stories to tell, and go on a grand adventure. Any suggestions are appreciated. Thank you.
[spacechem]	I just discovered that I'm kind of dumb, courtesy of an aptitude test I took as part of a job application process. I'd had a clue for a while, but it wasn't until I sat down and struggled with a test that I would've laughed off twelve months ago that I realised, "Holy crap, I really am slipping."  So I'm looking for puzzle games, I suppose, that will challenge me to really use my brain. Preferably for Android, since I've developed a habit of mindlessly browsing Reddit on my phone a lot. Other platforms available are PC, PS3, 360 and DS.
[saints row, gta]	I don't pretend to be a gamer in any way but I do love to play games on my trusty PC, but being a regular girl I don't like the whole war/fantasy type things or things with too much shooting and killing.  Saying that, I absolutely adore GTA. It's my favourite game and I have near enough completed them all (except V which they very unfairly haven't released for PC) I just yesterday completed the South Park stick of truth game. I also love the sims (2 not 1 or 3) and I really liked the Harry Potter PC games, zoo tycoon, roller coaster tycoon etc.   I think I have specific tastes but I don't know how to describe them, I like games where you're a person and you're given tasks/missions and also games in which you control and build things I guess!   Sorry if you think I'm lame, I am! :) but would really appreciate some suggestions of games that could be similar and that I might enjoy. Thanks! 
[neverwinter]	For clarity, I've already played: WoW, FF11, FF14: ARR, Rift, Guild wars 1/2, LOTRO, EVE. etc etc..  Wondering if anyone has some suggestions that I may not have considered. I'd prefer if they strayed away from the "WoW" style of mmo since I've already played that to death and I'm bored of it.  I'd much prefer the game be F2P (Low on funds) and if it has a cash shop, it needs to have minimal impact on gameplay (I don't want to feel left behind for not spending money).  Bonus points if it has a nice relaxing side to it, such as fishing or farming or something like that.
[dark souls 2]	The games that punish you for even trying. The ones that don't coddle you past maybe a single tutorial. I'm looking for brutally hard games that will make you throw your hands in the air in victory after beating them.  In high school, F-Zero GX was my shit. I beat all the tracks on master, and all of the story on very hard. Last year, after throwing myself at it for several months, I beat Battletoads with no save-states or cheats. I just got 100% on Jordan on expert in Guitar Hero II a few weeks ago.  Summer's coming up, and I want something seriously difficult to be playing. Help me out, guys! Thanks!  Edit: I have played I Wanna Be the Guy and didn't like it, because all of the difficulty was super arbitrary and stupid. It didn't feel challenging as much as getting fucked with. I also didn't really enjoy Super Meat Boy for some reason. It just was kinda boring to me
[dragon's dogma, demon's souls, dark souls ii]	Okay, so I know I'm a bit late to the PS3 party...several years. But anyways, I've got a handful of games and I'm thinking over getting one or two more. Currently, I've got GTA4, Heavy Rain, the devil May cry 1-3 HD pack, and Batman: Arkham City. I like sort of open-world games, but so far, GTA4 has not been doing it for  loved all the previous titles (and haven't yet played 5), but so far, 4 has been kind of a let-down.  The games I've been looking at currently:  * Saint's Row IV * Infamous (probably the first) * Dead Rising (probably the second)  So...suggestions, advice, or titles I may have overlooked?
[street fighter 4]	Alright, a little back story. I work as a salesman/technician at a small local computer store. We have some nice looking $600 to $900 PCs but the only demo we have for showing off the hardware and peripherals takes ages to get to any actual gameplay (usually longer than customers are willing to wait).  What we're looking for is something that only takes seconds to hop into game and get playing. Games that utilize a wheel and pedals, multiple monitors, and/or are Steam family sharable are a plus. Does not need to be a demo; full games are fine.  Edit: Added some extra variables that would be considered ideal bonuses.
[minecraft]	Now first of all: To call the crafting in Runescape interesting might be a bit exaggerated. (And putting Runescape and EVE in the same sentence might even be considered heresy)  But here's what I'm looking for:  I had the most fun in WoW when I could farm lots and lots of potions, basically almost for the whole raid. I just like to have a game like that where I can farm and craft stuff and trade, sell my goods to other players.  I don't care too much for raiding etc. I really like to just amass some gold (or other currency), keep on farming stuff and see how far I can get. So for that to happen, there needs to be some player-driven economy, some consumables that players actually regularly need.  Like I said in the title, I already played Runescape a while ago, but I just can't get back into it. And as you might have noticed, I'm just too much of a carebear to last in EVE online, too. Do you know any other games similar to these?  
[record of agarest war]	Games I've loved in the past include:  * Mass Effect Trilogy * Fire Emblem Awakenings (and the precursors via GBA) * Persona 3 and 4 * XCOM: EU * Final Fantasy Tactics/AT/A2 * Final Fantasy 6 * Chrono Trigger/Cross * Dragon's Dogma * Valkyria Chronicles 1/2/3 * Disgaea (entire series) * Suikoden 1/2 * Dark Souls 1/2  In particular I loved the combat, armor design and weapon design of Dark Souls and Dragon's Dogma, and loved the character selection of Valkyria Chronicles and Chrono Cross. Are there any games out there that blend these features? I'm hoping I haven't gone through them all.
[momodora, metroid, iji]	i just finished up Cave Story + and haven't enjoyed a video game that much in ages, so I was wondering if anybody could recommend something similar for PC?   Doesn't necessarily have to be "metroidvania" (played a few of the most well-known ones) but just a deep, smooth 2D action platformer, maybe some sort of leveling system. I don't know what about Cave Story that I enjoyed so much, but everything just came together.  Preferably something quite new (few years old)  Just for reference i've tried and not enjoyed: Dust an Elysian Tale and Guacamelee   I have the freeware version of La Mulana to try too. I also have a PSP, GBA, Android phone and Xbox 360 (no internet connection on it though) if you want to consider those too?  Thanks guys  edit: forgot that i also have a Wii
[x-com: enemy unknown]	I don't think theres a term for what I'm looking for, it's not exactly "rpg elements", though that term includes it.   Basically I'm looking for any games where you can customize your character or progress through the game or develop your character in multiple ways (mostly games with replay value).  Here are some examples and what I liked about them:       - **Dark Souls** - Open world: you can go multiple ways. Also you can customize your character to your liking (though most of your build depends on your weapon choice).  - **Baldur's Gate** - Most of the freedom comes from creating your party. Also a ton of areas to explore and all sorts of treasure to find.  - **Unholy Heights** - You don't actually customize your party per se but you have direct influence on which types of monsters are going to want to move into your building (unlocks) and you select the tenants from them.  - **Battlepillars** - A super simple and casual game (mobile port). But I enjoyed it simply because you have almost complete control on which parts you want to unlock and upgrade. There is no "*you must beat this level to be able to unlock this weapon*" bullcrap.  - **Rogue Legacy** - Playing nets you gold which you can use to purchase persistent upgrades and you get to choose which ones you unlock first (though in the end you would just unlock everything anyway)  - **Tales of Maj'Eyal** - A more traditional rogue-like, you get to choose from many class and race combos and choose which skills/abilities to specialize in. As with any rogue-likes the gist of the game is permadeath and replay value.     That's all I can think of right now. I hope you get the feel that these games share despite being completely different genres with different gameplay.         **TL;DR:** If you like all or most of these games, what other games do you like?
[star wars, star wars]	I'm looking for something new to play with a strong focus on setting similar to Bethesda RPGs or the "Souls" games (Dark Souls, Demon Souls).    I love reading  the books/computer logs in Bethesda games and the item descriptions in Dark Souls and learning more about the world that I'm adventuring in. I guess that's sort of what I mean by lore/setting. (Pretty cheesy, I know.)   It doesn't need to be an fantasy RPG either, any game that you felt really grabbed you works. I'd prefer it to be a PC game but if I can pick it up on an emulator that works too. Thanks!
[assassin's creed iii]	I've played Lost Planet and I really like the Hoth map of Battlefront I &amp; II as well as Icewind Dale I &amp; II. I'm also a huge fan of Skyrim. I love the feeling of being surrounded by pure desolation that you can only get from being stuck outside during a snowstorm. I think if a game like FarCry 4 were set near the Arctic I'd be first in line to buy a copy.   Any suggestions?    I own Dark Souls I &amp; II, so don't waste your time mentioning it.   Edit: I also own Darksiders II, which I really enjoy. 
[far cry 3, crysis 3]	I'm a big fan of archer classes. Some of the most fun I've had was playing and illusion rogue in Skyrim. I'd thin out my enemies by making them fight each other and pick off the survivors with a bow.  That said, I really like fantasy settings. I'm looking for something to play on my laptop (i7 , Windows , GTX 760m) while my gf watches shitty girly TV.  I'm mainly looking for something that will take me a while to play through and that is single-player (MMOs just aren't my cup of tea). I just want to waste some time till PS4's library builds up a little more.
[lol]	i want a game where i can casually boot up and play, just play, for fun, when i want to pass the time.    the only MOBA game i've played is the original DOTA on warcraft 3 and sometimes it get a bit over competitive (people insult you if you do something wrong, you feel like you can't afford any mistakes and it stresses you out instead of entertain you) i don't want a game like that.    i know it is a bit late to join any of the two games, but you literally have to keep your computer up all night to download the game (i have download cap on my internet, the cost is crazy), that's the reason why i've never tried lol or dota 2 before but lately this type of game interests me again.    so, which one?   thanks
[eve online]	By sandbox-esque, I mean I could pull off some shenanigans reminiscent of Belan the Noble Looter from Ultima Online ( make a matroyshka doll of immovably heavy chests that explode when you try and open them and have a personalized note inside; creating special recall runes that lead to extremely dangerous places and give them to unsuspecting victims; in other words, I'd want to be - quoting  - "... a force of nature in a video game world, and that "nature" was hilarious natural selection." etc. etc.)  And in regards to the customization, I'd like a class-less system... I guess also like Ultima Online. If I want to be a mage or tamer with stealth, I can. If I want to be a rogue who lays a trap on a corpse someone is about to loot, which brings them to near-death, and then I can give them food I poisoned to finish them off and loot their corpse, I can (maybe too specific). If I want to set traps using the environments or NPCs, I can. Or.... I can't really think of too many examples, but if I want to create / mix-and-match archetypes, I can to my heart's content, regardless of viability. (For example, in League of Legends I would love playing AP Nasus/Ezreal/Kog'maw or Jungle Poppy (as recently as this season, so past their hay-days). In WoW, I'd play a cat-form resto druid. In Rift, I loved being a Dominator and spreading chaos across the field. I love choices.)  (In regards to Ultima Online, I am trying to get into Ultima Online: Renaissance, but it's hard to get used to the controls and sort of discouraging to be 16ish years late to the party.)  **So in essence, I want a classless MMORPG in a fantasy-esque setting with a sizable level of autonomy (similar to Ultima Online).**
[space battles, endless space, card game]	Let me give some counter example first:  In a first person or third person space combat sim, the visuals are impressive, but you are so busy flying your ship, shooting your lasers, dodging incoming missiles, so you don't have the leisure to watch the battles.  Freelancer  In a space RTS, you might be able to zoom in and turn the camera to watch, but the battle requires you to manage all the units, viewing different part of the maps, build things, so you don't have the leisure to watch the battles.  Homeworld 2  In a 4X, you might finally be able to watch the battle leisurely, but often the graphics or movements are bad and slow, so it's not interesting to watch.  GalCiv 2  In Eve, things are so slow, so it's not interesting to watch. (I only watched those huge battles on youtube)  In FLT or Gratuitous Space Battles, they match the other points but they are 2D top down, so you don't get that beams and bullets flying around you feeling.  So, these are my predicament. Are there some games that fit what I look for?
[ancient domains of mystery, dwarf fortress, this game, roguelike, roguelike, turn off, adom, adom]	Hi  So, I really like RPGs, and have played a lot, from the TES series, to Mass Effect, Mount and Blade, Deus Ex, Baldur's Gate I &amp; II, Neverwinter Nights, etc. However, something I always find lacking in these games (not in Mount and Blade so much) is there is always too much innuendo, or even forced direction, to what I SHOULD be doing. I've been looking a long time for an RPG that simply drops me into a world and leaves me to my own devices to adventure, find stuff, make stuff, learn things, etc.   To put it another way, I've always thought of a game like this being similar to the old Conan stories, where the main character is always wandering to new lands and discovering all sorts of crazy people and plots and ancient mysteries.   Any recommendations? I would prefer it the game were for PC, as I only own old consoles (xbox, gamecube).   Thanks a bundle!
[neverwinter nights 2, prince of persia, breath of fire, baldur's gate, metroid prime, castlevania, grandia 2, nier]	Likely a terribly uninformative title, but whatever.  I recently saw the trailer for [Bound by Flame](https:// and was interested in it solely because of the story. It appears to center around a protagonist who has some sort of "demon" within him. This demon gives him powers, yet at the same time threatens to overcome him the longer it is within him. It also is capable of speaking with him.  I doubt I'll get the game because the gameplay looks kinda shit. However, in the comments for this /r/games thread (http:// people kept saying that it's an unoriginal story concept. Now I'm not sure if they're just talking about "half-human/half-nonhuman is forced to fight bad guys" or what, but I'm interested in hearing about some more games that share a similar concept.  But by similar concept I mean "something inside the protagonist that gives him power, but threatens to overcome him at the same time. This thing may/may not be able to speak to him." 
[mass effect]	My dad is soon going to leave for work and won't have internet most of the time. He asked me to help him find some games to kill time, and as I'm not much of an RPG fan, I'm asking you guys.   He's already beat **Skyrim, Fallout:NV and Witcher 2** and wants to play something similar. The game(s) has to have a long and interesting storyline or generally be fun for a lot of time. It'd also be nice if it could run smoothly on a 2-year old laptop. If you could provide a very short description of what the game is about, it would be very helpful.   I know you can recommend something and I'd really appreciate any proposition.   Thanks in advance!
[out there]	Today i was remembering about an article that i found some time ago about an indie game bundle web page that failed and had to close because of a developer that requested more money than he was offered originally, and threatened the web page administrator with cancelling all the already sold licenses. I dont want to support a developer like that, ever.  I searched for a while on reddit and google, but i couldn't find the name of the game nor the developer (all i can remember is that the game topic was diving) so i thought that it would be great to have a list of the games that i shouldn't buy due to any reason.  Is there any game that you think that no one should buy?
[game of thrones]	Hi guys. So, I am an old-school CRPG player. I have played through Torment, Ultima 7&amp;8, KOTOR, Jade Empire, Mass Effect, Fallout, Risen etc. As well as most of Dark Souls. The only glaring exceptions are probably Baldurs Gate 1&amp;2.   I tried starting BG1 recently but I have come to just hate the "pause-micromanage-pause-micromanage-pause-micromanage"-combat of those games.  Recently I bought Konung 2 on Steam and was surprisingly hooked. The game is buggy, combat is mostly uncomplicated (select all, click enemy, wait for him to die while using healing potions) and the graphic is not pretty. However, having mulled it over a bit, these are the things  I suspect made me so hooked on the game:  * The first time I started the game, I died in the first combat. I have found that games that kill me right out of the box feels like they demand my respect.  "You had my curiosity, but now you have my attention."  * The enemies are mostly humans and you kill each other by hitting each other with metal objects. Magic is almost non-existent except some minor magic buffs on items. I get little satisfaction from playing a wizard or fighting wizards.  * The items in the game are almost all realistic armors and weapons. No absurdly big weapons or ridiculously ornate armors. Wearing a chainmail shirt and sporting a longsword and a shield is almost as well equipped as you get.  * The quests are not self-explanatory. There are no waypoints or questmarkers. Sometimes you have quests that do not offer any way to solve them until you run into the right NPC or item. It feels like you actually SOLVE quests instead of just being an errand boy or hired muscle.   I have no expectation of finding a game that has all this, but I am hoping it gives a general idea of the kind of RPGs I like. A slightly down-to-earth fantasy game where the game isn't afraid to kill me or challange me.   Old games are not a problem but I would be interested in any newer additions to the genre that falls at least partially within my category. 
[bound by flame]	I'm obsessed with Western RPGs. The Elder Scrolls series, Dragon's Dogma, Dragon Age Origins, Jade Empire, The Witcher, Red Dead Redemption, Mass Effect, LA Noire... Am I missing anything?  My favorites are the kind that you can customize your character (Dragon's Dogma is amazing at this) and get to explore an amazing open world full of stuff to see and do.  This year we're getting Dragon Age Inquisition which I'm so excited for! I know in 2015 we will be getting Kingdom Come Deliverance and Witcher 3. But are there other RPGs coming out after 2014 for the PC and/or PS4 that I should know about? :-)
[euro truck simulator 2, city builder, tropico]	I recently played the Stanley Parable and that was great! It was a weird sort of puzzle like game and I really enjoyed it.  I suppose I am looking for a game that doesn't have you looking down the barrel of  gun the whole time and that has more of a brighter feel rather than a depressing dark feel. I do not want another violence based game.  I like every genre from Civ5 to LoL to minecraft. Tell me what games you like that may fit what i am looking for please!  (obviously my parameters are pretty wide so just any game suggestion would be great)
[line of sight, bank heist, thief 2]	Hey,  So, some of my favorite characters of all time have been stealthy, infiltrator types, and I don't have anything new that seems to offer this. In single-player RPGs, like the Elder Scrolls series, I usually have a lot of fun playing thief-types, but there isn't one I haven't beaten to death. And in the later entries to the series, I ran out of places to break in to. I've also done the Fallout series, and the played-to-death factor is not only high, but thieving just isn't much fun when I have to KO five dozen useful characters who've instantly gone boiling-blooded gun-murder berserk because I got spotted ONCE lifting what is obviously the most holy and inviolable duct tape on Earth.  In MMOs, my favorite character of all time was a brigand in Everquest 2. Not only could I stealth, but I could Smuggle my entire party stealthily through areas, and I learned my way around many places in the game just to help people do just this. I also liked that in combat, I wasn't just a damage-dealer, but I had a host of debuffs to help the rest of the party out. (Jumping around to get the right positions for all of this was fun, too) But, there wasn't a whole lot of the breaking and entering that I'm fond of. I played WoW after this, but the rogue class from that was so drastically different in concept that I couldn't bring myself to keep playing it, the tactics were simplified, the stealth usually pointless, and I never felt like I wanted to get very far out of the lower levels. So I ended up playing other classes altogether and just treating it like the completely different game that it was.  The Thief series sounds like it had some good gameplay on this front, but it sounds like more of a mission-based stealth action game than an open, free-form type pick my targets RPG, which is what I'm looking for.   Plus, I'd prefer a multiplayer setting if there is one. Not that I want to steal *from* other players, but I want to be able to do this type of thing *for* other players, if such a thing exists.  Really, I want to explore (invisibly), break into places I'm not supposed to be (lockpicking minigame is a plus), and take things that I'm not supposed to have (and preferably put them on a shelf somewhere). If I can do this and have a community to brag about it to, even better.
[brick wall, mothership, starcraft, starcraft, starcraft, starcraft, starcraft, brood war]	Multiplayer is an important part, I want to be able to play online, hence the active communities.   Starcraft 2 would be the obvious answer, I've played it though still haven't purchased HotS, if anyone has anything to say about the expansion that would help me as well.  AoM:EE - Had it pre-ordered, enjoying it so far, the lag and things that I'm hoping get fixed up seem to be slowly being fixed. Probably my favourite RTS of all time (The original, of course)  I haven't played many other RTS games competitively, or online as most of my RTS experience is from when I was younger, except SC2.  Gameplay needs to be fun, decent mechanics though I can tolerate some quirks or outdatedness. Mostly, I just want a fun RTS that I can put time in to with a community that is active.
[geo-political simulator, supreme ruler 2020]	I want to manage not just units, but resource routes and supply chains *to* the units.   Military units should not be able to fight indefinitely without some kind of resource pipeline supplying them with food/ammo/equipment/etc.  Managing the production of said resources would be cool too.  /edit:  Thanks for the suggestions guys.  I've always been hesitant to try out the top-down map view RTS out there but it seems that such games may contain the complexity I've been looking for.  I'll definitely be keeping an eye out for a few of these during the summer sales.
[factorio]	I want a game with an economic sim element like Stronghold and its sequel.  The thing I loved about these game is that the graphical representation of what is happening with the various resources and supply lines actually matches the game mechanics.  You can watch a little guy harvest wheat, take it to the stockpile, then watch someone else pick it up and grind it into flour, then watch someone else bake it into bread--and when they put that into your food supply is when you actually get to use it to feed people.  It's like having an ant farm!  Any games that match this, where you can actually watch these things supply lines happen and it matches the mechanics?
[europa universalis, crusader kings 2, prison architect, prison architect, strategy games, awesomenauts, awesomenauts, city builder, city builder, tropico 4, card game, simcity, simcity, game on, bots, lol]	I am an avid PC gamer. I used to play League of Legends competitively, and now I mainly play Counter Strike: Global Offensive.  I am looking for a game that I can pick up and play in between games if I don't want to commit to a full hour, or if I just want to chill and game.  Some games that I have already that I'm not terribly interested in playing anymore to avoid suggestions are:  Diablo 3 Dead Space Borderlands Skyrim Age of Empires Portal  I'm looking for a game that I can pick up and play without having to worry about leaving after a certain amount of time if I want to stop.  Thank you, any and all suggestions are welcome.
[the binding of isaac ]	I recently started playing FTL and I downloaded the infinite space mod which essentially turns the game into a never ending session that plays out differently every time you start over. I'd like to find other games with that experience; a game that randomizes the events, characters, or situations you find yourself in every playthrough.  When I say playthrough, I don't mean something like Payday 2 or Warframe where each level is randomized. I'm more looking for something like State of Decay, a long (or long-ish) game that is noticeably different each time you play it.  **tl;dr** - *looking for a game that is randomized on each playthrough*
[minecraft]	I really enjoyed Skyrim, Fallout (3) (new vegas), and oblivion. Lately I'm only really able to relax and lose myself in skyrim (modded).  I would like a game that is immersive and not very complicated. Any Genre will do. Preferably multiplayer and only PC games.  I have played: Bioshock Series, Mass effect series, Dragon age1&amp;2, witcher 1&amp;2, Dark souls 1&amp;2, Brothers, knights of the old republic, Diablo series, Batman Arkham series, Dayz, Counterstrike CSGO, Deus EX: Human Revolution, Far cry series, Don't Starve, League of Legends (stressful), L4D 2, Max Payne 3 (very enjoyable), Mirror's Edge, TitanFall, Portal 1&amp;2 (good)  Edit: Don't entirely want to get literally lost in the game. What I meant was to get lost in the immersion of the game. Although, getting literally lost in a game can add to the immersion. Sorry about that.
[guild wars 2 , mass effect, fallout3]	I am looking for some god-tier PC games. I already have:  * Halo: Combat Evolved  *   * CS:GO  * FarCry 2  * BioShock (Original)  * Jazzpunk  * Half-Life   * Half-Life 2 and episode 1 &amp; 2  * Portal  * Dragon Age Origins  * Oblivion  * Neverwinter  * Dark Souls  * South Park The Stick Of Truth  * Super Meat Boy  * Child Of Light  * The Binding Of Issac  * Rogue Legacy  * MapleStory (Absolutely atrocious. No Nostalgia was activated when playing this years later. Actually, I'm  deleting it right now. Fuck that game.)  * Flyff  * Infested Planet  * Warcraft III (With Expansion)  * Diablo 2 (Also with expansion)  * Luftrausers  * Embodiment Of The Scarelt Devil  * Bastion  * Minecraft  * Dota 2  * Broken Age  * Audiosurf  Specs of my rig are as follows:  * Mobo: Angelica2. Chipset: AMD 970. GHz:  (6 CPU's)  * 10g of RAM  * DirectX version: 11  * Videocard: AMD Radeon 7450   * 1 TB Hardrive.  * 300W PSU. (Booooooo.)  I don't have money to spend on Vidya so typically single player games or games that you can use Garena for LAN are best at this moment.  Thanks for reading and hopefully posting! 
[valkyria chronicles, spec ops: the line, fire emblem, fire emblem, mass effect, this game, persona 3, nier]	Looking back on my gaming years, one of things that has helped me enjoy some of my games the most is a really good story. Genre doesn't really matter, I'm willing to play pretty much anything. It really just needs to be good and have consistent movement ( Zelda's tend to have a big twist, but don't move much other than that). Some of my favorites so far have been Final Fantasy VIII, Fire Emblem (series) and Tales of Symphonia. That being said, I've even been attached to stories in something like Call of Duty: Black Ops.   So, really, what are your favorite stories in games? 
[psychonauts, darksiders, metroid]	I've not been much of a gamer my later years. As a kid I had a Game Boy Pocket on which I played a lot of Pokemon, of course, and also a LOT of Link's Awakening. A few years later i played Ocarina of Time over and over until I somewhere around 13-15 years old stopped playing video games entirely, except for Halo every now and then with my brother.  Since then I've tried to pick up my gaming at various points to try and find the love and joy I felt playing Ocarina of Time, but it seems impossible and I've not finnished a single game since except for Twilight Princess, which was awesome.  So, does anyone have any suggestions for someone who has felt true gaming joy only by playing the Legend of Zelda series, and it can't be any of those games. Or are there no games equal to these masterpieces?
[factorio]	So, as the title says. I wonder if there's any game with the Skyfactory feel. In case you don't know what Skyfactory is it's a modpack on the ATlauncher that starts you of on a very small island and basically gives you nothing but a tree and a block. Which you eventually build automatic farms and cobblestone generators.   And I've tried Agrarian Skies which is the uppgraded version, but didn't like it as much due to the quest system.   I've seen some gameplay from FarSky a game with similiar graphics like Minecraft but it's underwater. It got the skyfactory feel a bit, but not enough IMO. I also like the exploration bit of it. But it's basically build weapons and stuff and you're done after finding the submarine.   Thanks in advance.   EDIT: I would prefer it to be on steam.   EDIT2: oh yeah, please don't recommend city builders like Civ and Banished Tycon etc. While they're good and  have the same feel I just can't get into them.
[starfox 64]	I've made some poor choices in games in the time I've owned my 3DS for the amount of time I actually play it.  The games themselves are really good, but as primarily a PC gamer, I don't put a lot of time into the 3DS.  Examples:  Fire Emblem, Monster Hunter 3, Link Between Worlds, Pokemon Y  I did finish Pokemon twice and Link Between Worlds once, but I don't think I'll have a desire to play those again any time soon.  I play Fire Emblem once or twice a month, but don't play more than one or two battles each time.  Ideal Game:  Something like Mario Kart 7, Mario 3d Land or in all likelihood what will be the new Super Smash Bros. game (the only brawler/fighter game I have an interest in).  What are some games where if I had an hour or two every once in a while  I would enjoy, but not feel bad about if I didn't play it regularly on the 3DS or DS?  I'd prefer mostly something with 3D movement like Mario 3D Land instead of something side scroll.  Thanks.
[antichamber]	In my younger days I used to enjoy games like aoe, that required a whole manual to learn, but now don't have the patience for such a game anymore. Looking for complicated games, that are not hard to learn. Thinking games that require little learning.   **Games I have enjoyed:**   Frozen synapse - all time favorite. Its easy to learn, yet requires a lot of planning and thinking, something I really crave for.     Portal series   armadilo run - physics yay!   quantum conundrum   braid   trine     **Other  Games**   RPG games: tried many and discovered that I suck at them   Racing : suck at them too    fps: played a lot , now bored of them atm.    Sandbox ain't my thing either - sorry ksp   **pc only please**  Thanks  Edit: I forgot to mention I don't want anything too gory or scary. Like I tried bioshock infinite and was put off by one extra violent scene. Instant uninstall 
[lunar: eternal blue, breath of fire , final fantasy]	Preferably something similar to the older Final Fantasy or Dragon Quest games, turn based is ideal.  Any system is fine aside from the Xbone and PS4. I already know about Bravely Default.  Edit: Sorry, I should have mentioned I'm looking for something either very obscure or pretty new, I'll try and list what I have played but my memory isn't the best:  All of the Final Fantasy, Dragon Quest, Star Ocean, Xeno, Suikoden, Breath of Fire, Persona, Pokemon, and Tales games.  The first Shin Megami Tensei (which didn't appeal to me, are later ones different?), Lost Odyssey, Blue Dragon, Chrono Trigger and Cross, Valkyria Chronicles, Lufia 1 and 2, Earthbound, Phantasy Star, Radiant Historia, Lunar 1 and 2, and probably some others I can't remember.
[castle shikigami 2, shoot em up]	I'm a 30-something veteran otaku, from back in the day. I've had a 360 for years, and exhausted its Japanese gaming possibilities.   So, I finally went and got a PS3. I'm really, really fond of Japanese style gaming, or at least I was in the 90s and early 2000s.   I have no clue of what to get. I like Shooters (2D), Fighting Games, RPG, TRPG, and 2D retro-gaming in general.   I prefer games that are available for download, because gaming in my country is very COD, GEARS OF WAR, FIFA-centric and stores don't get many cool games.   Please help me find new things to play.   TL;DR - please help an older gamer find Japanese-style 2D stuff, preferrably downloadable, for PS3, which he is really new at. 
[planescape torment]	Things like Minecraft and Reccetear are good examples. The game can have combat in it, I'm just looking for games that don't force you to fight to make real progress.  - /u/dracosword Just as he asked a year ago, I would like this too.  If I was to be picky, I'd narrow it to games that allow crafting as a path to success without needing combat. Kind of like Skyrim's smithing, but without having to go stab everything.  Come to think of it, stabbing wild animals would be ok, as long as it isn't just leading up to stabbing the local disgruntled goblin community.
[path of exile, diablo 2]	I'm looking for games with a particular dark look and feel to them.  To give a few examples [here](http:// is a shot from Disciples III, and [here](http:// is one from Inquisitor.  I really like the dark medieval/gothic aesthetic.  Dark Souls and Diablo 2 are other decent examples of what I'm looking for.  I've already tried the 4 games listed above: Disciples was ok, but felt fairly simple as far as strategy games go, Inquisitor just felt clunky and unpolished, Dark Souls was good and I'll get DS2 when it goes on sale, but for now I don't have $50 to shell out, and Diablo 2 (and 3) were both fun, but I've played them to exhaustion.  Any other similar games I've missed?  Age generally doesn't matter, though I'd prefer games released in the past 15 years.  *edit: Other games I've tried which I forgot to mention: Path of Exile &amp; The Witcher.*
[tomb raider]	So, i am an avid gamer, but have been in afghanistan for a while, and coming home soon. Looking forward to starting up my old habit of gaming again, but what have i missed out on? If anyone could list some games that are pretty new it'd be greatly appreciated! I love single player games with great stories. For example the bioshock series, Mass Effect, and zelda my consoles are 360, xbox one, WiiU and a PC. Sorry if this is the wrong subreddit for this, I just discovered this sub, and thought you guys would be able to help.  Thanks! 
[metro last light, metro 2033]	I haven't played many games, but recently I played Half Life (only 10% or so, I just couldn't stomach the graphics and ended up up playing Black Mesa), and Half Life 2.  Both games I loved for the storyline, and the realistic weapon + armor mechanics ( not superpowered military-arsenal-carrying hunk of metal). I also really liked the pace of the first level that introduces you to the Combine. Especially the emphasis on the pistol - you couldn't help but feel badass just rapid firing the (really nice sounding) pistol.  What are some highly rated games similar to Half Life 2? Bonus if it has some nice pistol-based elements ( not underpowered weapon of last resort).
[league of legends, silent hill]	ive grown kind-of bored with games, not necessarily done playing them but just uninterested.. looking for games thatll keep me hooked for longer than the 10-30 minutes of play before i get over it..  im not really interested in mmo's, i dont like JRPG's, endless hacknslash (god of war, dmc, dynasty warriors), and tired platformers (mario, sonic), other than that ill pretty much play anything as long as the experience is progressive/evolving/expanding  ive got a wii u, ps4, emulator machine with all the classic consoles, and a PC.  
[day of the tentacle, adventure games]	You guys see [this post](http:// from /r/gaming ?  I have a hard-on for games like the one on the far left and I have no idea why, but I'm looking to indulge in some pixelated goodness.  I don't care what kind of game it is or what type of platform it was released on as long as it meets the following criteria:  * It's pixelated. * It plays nice with Win7/Ubuntu and doesn't require a hours of tweaking and fixes and bullshit to get running with no mouselook support or sound. * It's a good game!  So I'm open to literally any suggestion meeting those requirements.  I've been playing some Duke 3D &amp; Doom lately, what else should I look into?
[assassin's creed 2]	Here are some things that I like (that I already have played):  * I LOVE the Uncharted series * I really like the GTA series * I liked Deus Ex a lot * I like Metal gear seres  * I liked the Godfather for PS3 * I loved fallout too.   I have the first assasins creed and I fuond it to be too repetitive. Haven't played it eversince.   I'm looking for a game that's not dark has an open environment and makes you think. Also that has good combat mechanics.   I've been told that the new Tomb Raider game might be for me, but I was wondering if there are any other PS4 games that I might like.
[natural selection 2, tf2]	How's it going everybody? So basically, lately I've been interested in trying a more social gaming experience. In the past, I've shied away from online multiplayer games for a wealth of reasons: lack of a headset, perceived lack of gaming skill, and general social anxiety. however, I'd like to overcome this fear and make some new friends.   What I'd like, is for you guys to suggest what you think are the friendliest, most accessible online games and communities. Genre isn't an issue, I'll play pretty much anything. I just want something where I don't have to be terrified of screwing up. I wanna have fun with some new people!  I have tried LoL and Dota2 in the past and found the communities to be overbearing and extremely hostile, so maybe MOBAs aren't my thing. Other than that, the sky is the limit. Free to play or no, sub-based or single-purchase, I'm up for anything. Any suggestions are greatly appreciated.
[alpha protocol, alpha protocol]	So that time has come where I feel like I need to buy a new game, which is silly because I have a bunch that I still haven't played. Here's what's in my backlog right now that most piqued my interested. What would you suggest?  **Bioshock 2** (I liked the first one, although beating it sort of felt like a chore at times)  **Fallout: New Vegas** (I've played it a good amount, but haven't installed any mods. Based on my recent experience with Skyrim, that's half the fun! So I'm mostly looking for game-changing mods for this one)  **Empire: Total War** (I tried it for a minute and was kind of meh, but I heard a description of it recently that made me realize that I had missed huge parts of it.)  **Alpha Protocol**  **Metro2033**  **Risen** (I don't know anything about this game. What is it?)  **Sacred Citadel** (same deal as Risen)  **Thief 2** (I played the first Thief last year and really liked it, but didn't finish the story. For some reason, I'm having a hard time getting back into the first one now. Should I stick with it, or just move along?)  **Thief: Deadly Shadows**  **Assassin's Creed II, Revelations, Brotherhood, and III** (I played the first AC a ton on my buddy's xBox, then a bunch on my PC, to the point where the gameplay has nothing left to offer me. I never finished the story, but I'll just read a synopsis of it before I start the next one.)  **Natural Selection 2** (I'm looking forward to this game, but currently Red Orchestra 2 and CS:GO are scratching my multiplayer itch. Should I still try it?)  As always, thanks for your input. I love this community!  Edit: **I'm open to suggestions of cool free games I should try, too!**  Edit 2: Somebody's downvoting every comment here... sorry about that.
[xcom: enemy unknown, alien invasion]	I'm looking for a turn based RPG game where you can build your characters looks and stats built around a class system. Preferably something with large, monster-esque enemies. I'm looking for somethign along the lines of a Final Fantasy game but i'm defnitely open to unique mechanics in fighting. I don't really care if it's a JRPG or not I'm mostly in it for the length and fun.   I've played all the Final Fantasies available and The Last Remnant, all the Dragon's  honestly can't remember any others that i've played that have stuck out.  But thank you I look forward to your suggestions! 
[wolfenstein: the new order, shadow warrior]	I recently finished Half Life 2, after having my opinion disregarded one too many times on the grounds of not being a gamer. I really enjoyed it (surprise!). I enjoyed it more than I've enjoyed any shooter made in the last six years. I like having a multitude of unique weapons, good level design, and tastefully used roller coaster set pieces. On a recommendation, I also played Painkiller, which was also radical, for slightly different reasons. Namely, creative enemy design and nuts weapons. What I want is more. Any more shooters or just games like these?
[guild wars 2, get home, endgame, endgame, endgame, pop up, kill x]	I am looking for a new MMO to start and I would like your suggestions on which game may tick my boxes...  If i had to invent a category for the kind of game I am looking for would be: "open-world, chilled out MMORPG". So basically I am looking for an MMO where you have the option to do many different things carving your own playstyle (instead of only repetitive quests/dungeons/arena type pvps), and at the same time will be relaxing.  Let me elaborate more on the relaxing  used to be a hardcore gamer, but not any more. I have a busier life now and I have grown out of the 10hour gaming  I am looking for at the moment is a game that I can enjoy for an hour or two evry other day, sit down with my coffee and chill instead of beeing on the edge all the time, looking above my shoulder for the next thing that is going to kill me. For many, thats the definition of a boring game but thats what I feel like I want at the moment. Having to do non-pvp activities (like trading, general roaming, fishing etc) is a must. I hope someone out there feels me :) The closest I have been with all the above was with WOW but after playing for 3 years I don't feel like going back. I have also tried Lineage, Aion, Rift and Tera. My latest endevour was EVE online which looked very promising but this constant feeling that everyone is out to get you is putting me off.  Ideas?
[bioshock 1]	I was a hardcore gamer in the late 90s but not really since. Since ~2000 I've played Portals, Fallouts, Mass Effects, Dragon Ages, and Civs. I hate-played Duke Nukem Forever because I was excited about that when it was first announced. And I tried out both the first Batman Arkham game and  (whatever the first one where it was an open world 3D thing instead of top-down view), and didn't care for either.   I don't really care about multiplayer and I'm not too concerned about graphics or any of that, but I like a good story, sense of humor is nice too. Preferably something on steam that can be had cheap-ish.
[dragon age 2, pop up]	I've finally come to the conclusion that in most games I play, I tend to utilize the highest attack possible while passively adjusting if not completely ignoring defense. Plus the idea of glass cannons is simply really cool to me.   For more detail, I'm not huge on active attacks with high power. I tend to prefer just being incredibly powerful and destroying enemies as my character levels up without using special abilities although I'm not entirely opposed to it. A possibly overpowered character clobbering tons of weaker enemies is really enjoyable to me.  Some games I've played like this are the Diablo 3 (Crusader/Demon Hunter), Dynasty Warriors 7, and Symphony. I'm open to just about anything except for strategy games and I'd like to avoid MOBAs although I'm not completely ousting them. I'd also like to be able to pick up and learn pretty easily and not have to rely on multiplayer experiences as I'm not big on interacting with others. Anything cheap would be nice but I'm game for anything worth the money.   Any suggestions?  Edit: forgot to add platforms: PC, 360, and PS3 preferably.
[long live the queen, adventure games]	Hi.  My wife has recently falled in love with the Facebook game Game of Thrones: Ascent. When I asked her why she likes it, she said it was because you just had to choose an answer to a question, and that's what drives the game/story forward. No moving about, no killing, just questions --&gt; answers.  So, is there any games like this? Games consisting of story, and only story? The only ones I can think of are The Walking Dead, but there might still be a bit too much moving around and frustration at times.  Thanks!
[warlords: battlecry, age of mythology, armies of exigo, spellforce]	The game I'm looking for is a Real-Time Strategy (I think) and I know one of the buildings you use to produce units was a tree of sorts. It was a fantasy game, and I seem to recall being able to use elves as a unit. I know this isn't a lot to go on at all but hopefully someone will be able to help. I've prowled lists of RTS games for hours to no avail.  Thanks!  EDIT: I played it around 2002-2004, and for it's time I'd say it was relatively modern, so I'd say around 1998-2004 release date roughly, although it could have been later than that. It was on PC.
[the walking dead, fire up]	Main Criteria:  - PS3, PS Vita, PC (w/ Controller). - Non-indie. - Non-casual. - Doesn't require consistent, active engagement or does support pausing effectively. - Genres: Basically anything as my usual go-to's (FPS, MOBA, MMO) tend to require too much focus. - Gameplay: Ideally something with a long, large story/scope that works well in 30 minute to 1 hour chunks.   I'm hoping to find some new content to engage with while I exercise. Right now I tend to watch TV, movies or sometimes read and I think -- given the right game -- that it'd be nice to switch in some gaming once in a while.
[stronghold crusader , dwarf fortress, diablo ii]	I'm looking for some games to play on my laptop while I tour the country. I rarely have internet, and need the games to be offline. I say that graphics do not matter, because my laptop is a piece of crap, and I run most games windowed on the lowest graphics possible at 800x600 resolution. I've been playing Far Cry 3 recently, and that's a load of fun. I have every single sims 3 expansion pack, and play that a lot. I think the only three games I've ever played to completion are Batman: Arkham Asylum, Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time for the 3DS, and Final Fantasy X for the PS2. I love most game types, including sports games(Baseball games don't really exist on computers, and this annoys me to no end.) I've also played plenty of Dwarf Fortress. Just wondering what I should get and play. Feel free to ask me any more questions to help narrow it down.
[wolfenstein the new order, watch_dogs]	Games, I am seriously saying that it's one of my true loves.  There does not seem to be anything coming in the coming months, and I'm terrified.  I have a gaming PC which can run Bioshock Infinite on High at I believe 40-50 FPS, I think I can go ultra and it would just go to 30 FPS or a teeny bit under.  Anyhow, it seems like I've played everything that has come out this year and 2010-2013, at least on PC, and I'm not sure what I'm going to do because games seem like they are running out, my games collection is pretty deep, you name a game I've probably played it  I'm asking for anything really, is there a good game I could try that maybe I somehow missed?  Seriosly, the thought of not having a game that I can jump to is scaring the shit out of me, do you guys know anything?  
[serious sam]	Not as good? Well, Wolfenstein is an amazing game, and I've loved it so far, but sometimes I just want to shoot stuff with loud music on. And the story in Wolfenstein is too interesting to ignore, and music bugs me when trying to play stealth.  Is there a shooter which is less story-oriented and more like Call of Duty or Battlefield?   I've played both of the above, as well as Bioshock (my favorite game), Splinter Cell, Crysis, Dead Space, Far Cry, Fallout..   I'll be thankful for any suggestion that might be good! 
[mass effect, the witcher]	So I've recently hit a rut in my gaming. I have both a PS3 and Xbox360. I find no enjoyment in my games that I play. I love my fps and rpgs, but i want a game with story and depth, something that takes hours on end to play and you are still wanting more, such as the last of us. I can't stand Skyrim, just because of the errand boy mentality of it, but i loved Fallout and Borderlands. Is there anything out there that is a somewhat more linear path game with a hint of side quests, and good character class customization or skill tree variation? I don;t know if this will help, but the games that I have put countless hours into are; The Last of Us, Borderlands 1 and 2, Red Dead Redemption, Infamous 1 and 2, all of the Assassin's Creeds, GTA V, and all the Fables.  I have recently picked up Dark Souls 2, but found the game, much like the first, to be extremely non-linear and it felt like you were thrown into the world with no knowledge of anything and were expected to thrive. I'm sure if I sat down and actually played more than 30 minutes of it, it could be good, but the lack of effort put into a set path or customization opportunities upsets me.  Cheers
[europa universalis 4 , crusader kings 2, strategy games, war games, total war]	I've put a ton of hours into the Dawn of War games and loved them, but I'm itching for something new. Are there any other RTS games out there that have a campaign based on making high-level decisions on a map while playing out battles to take/defend territory?  For the record, I've been recommended the Total War series, but the only one I've played (Empire) I really didn't like. The formation gameplay just seemed to move too slowly for my taste, so it seemed like every battle just happened at a snail's pace.
[final fantasy, fantasy games, gotcha]	I LOVED 'Sonic The Dark Brotherhood' when I was younger, any games that are similar? (Other than Pokemon)   The game was superb imo, had a decent story and gameplay was fun, at least that's what 12 year old me thought at the time.  I know the game has gotten pretty average reviews, and deemed 'horrible' by hardcore JRPG fans (due to its simplistic nature I presume), but it really clicked with me.  I've played Pokemon (diamond, caught Dialga, Palkia, giratina :') ), and loved it as well.  PLUS - Guys, don't be afraid to list from DS/GBA as I'd love to emulate them on my phone ! :)
[wii u, gta]	Hey guys. I have two young cousins who are gamers in the making. They've shown a lot of interest to video games and they're getting too old for the unplugged controller trick. I'm looking for a relatively simple game they can play, I've tried letting them play Rayman Origins and LBP for PS3 but despite their vibrant and fun atmosphere they're just to unforgiving. They've also shown interest in GTAV and Driver San Fransisco. I don't think they're ready for shooters right now but it'd be great if you could also recommend some simple driving games.  I have a PC and a PS3.
[condemned: criminal origins]	There's just something about walking through a bleak, ruined, dilapidated, blighted ghost town that is still somehow alive that I really like. I've played the Silent Hill series and the Fallout series, and they had that feel, too, but Manhunt really seemed to do it perfectly. It was like /r/abandonedporn the game for me. If there's any games like that, or that feel like that, please let me know! Thanks!  Bonus points for games that are on consoles (PS1, PS2 or 360) because my PC can barely run Age of Empires 2 or 18 Wheels of Steel. :/
[the stanley parable, gone home, ever 17]	I am surprised how much I am enjoying this game. I have never played a visual novel or point and click adventure game. This game is so fun! i need to tell myself to stop playing it so I can have enough time to savor it like a great meal! I know it has a sequel Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward and i am already excited to try this game out as well? what other games should I try? I have heard good things about phenox write series maybe I will try that, is there a good game to start with that series? what other games are good point and click/ vitrual novels? I am pretty open to anything! I have a 3ds, ps3 and a crappy laptop that cant run too many games so 3ds, ds and ps3 games would be preferable suggestions :)  
[mine craft, portal 2, magicka]	I'm looking for a fun game that does not require too much time investment to play with friends online. My friends and I used to pay Diablo 3 and League of Legneds, but these games have recently gotten stale. I'm looking for something that is fun, pick up and play a round or 2, then put down. We tried playing MMOs, but those generally have a steep learning curve and require dozens of hours before the game becomes really interesting (I'm a veteran of Everquest, Everquest II, Guild Wars, and WoW). Also, one of my friends dislikes FPS games. Suggestions? 
[rogue legacy, maplestory]	Hi.  I'm a massive fan of games and numbers. I used to love playing Runescape, because of the grinding and stacking up impressive amounts of items and climbing up the hiscores.   Now I don't like it as much. The game is too frequently updated with updates that makes the grind easier, and takes away the fun. Also, for the Old School Runescape, I don't want to start from scratch with all the questing. I didn't care much for those.  Do you have any suggestions to a game I can play that's an enjoyable grindfest? Please let me know, before I scratch my eyeballs out with a fork.  I'll take anything (That's what...)  Edit: Any casual time consuming game will do.
[unreal tournament 3]	For our fantasy football league this season we are trying to think of a creative way to determine draft order.  Previous suggestions on reddit have yielded ideas such as assigning everyone a CPU controlled worm in games like Worms or having wrestlers assigned to everyone in Wrestlemania 2000 and have them fight it out in Royal Rumble with the winner getting first pick or what position in the draft they want (TBD).  I thought the suggestion of having a purely luck based scenario where everything was controlled by the computer rather than the players was a good one and I was trying to think of other games that had a free for all no team format that could accommodate 12 players.  I initially thought of Mariokart 8 since it has 12 players but I'm not sure if the settings can be set to have 12 bots and no players.    **TL;DR: Any game suggestions that have 12 players that can be controlled by the computer would be greatly appreciated.**
[crusader kings 2, wargames]	I tried playing both of the above games, but I just did not like SPAZ's (Space Pirates and Zombies, for those who don't know the acronym) combat at all, and Spore felt like there was a ton of busy work trying to travel around, talk to people, build new colonies, and there just didn't seem to be enough going on to keep me interested.  So, what other games are out there that are similar to this? I don't care too much about the theme - fantasy, sci fi, whatever's good. I'd just like to find something where I can start with very little and end by commanding a massive empire.
[antichamber]	I don't really know how to ask what I'm asking.  **But I do know that I don't want this topic to devolve into arguments about what is and isn't art, etc.**  I was reading [this article](http:// about the guy who made Braid, and it just got me desiring a more cerebral experience.  I'm not sure how you would quantify this, so feel free to suggest any game, new or old, 3D, 2D or text based, etc.  It can be unique, artistic or cerebral in any fashion, whether its the complete package, the story, the gameplay, doesn't matter.  However, it needs to be compatible with one of my gaming platforms:  PS3, PS2, PS1, XBox (Original), Wii, Gamecube, SNES, NES, Genesis, N64, Dreamcast, and an old laptop that can handle emulating anything from the fifth generation or before, and can play PC titles up to say, Oblivion on medium settings.  Off the top of my head I'd suggest the following to me if I were replying:  * Myst (Unique presentation, gameplay and structure) * Metal Gear Solid 2 (Story) * Ico (Unique presentation and overall experience) * Shadow of the Colossus (Unique presentation and emotional conclusion) * Dark Souls (Presentation, story &amp; lore.  Very subtle in ways and requires A LOT of observation and contemplation to fully appreciate.) * Portal (Unique presentation &amp; gameplay)  To be perfectly honest though I think I made a shitty list.  I am betting there are much more intellectual games out there, and I would like to play them.  Where should I start?    I hope this makes sense.
[the last of us]	As the title says, I am looking to play a PS3 game over a two-week period. I am looking for a game that will be worth my time, in the sense that if I look back on this experience in a few years, I will have participated in something culturally relevant, to an extent.  Games I love that also fit this sort of description:  * Red Dead Redemption  * Shadow of the Colossus  * Wind Waker  * MGS2  * **EDIT:** Probably should have also mentioned that I played The Last of Us and loved it   I grew up on games of the late 90's/early 2000's too, so if you can fit a bit of nostalgia in there as well, that would be incredible too. 
[red dead redemption, mass effect 2, the witcher]	Like I said in the title, I'm looking for a great big world to get lost in for a few weeks. I have access to top-tier PC, so any PC game or emulateable game is fine. I've got a 360 controller as well, so gamepad support is a plus.  More than anything, I put an emphasis on writing. A well written game with interesting characters and an interesting world is my favourite thing about a game. I am a bit picky with graphics though, and would rather play a good looking game to a bad looking one.  **Games I liked:**  Dark Souls Series: I loved almost everything about these games. The gameplay was challenging, yet fun. The atmosphere of the games was well executed. The characters you meet on your journey (in DS1 only) felt real and had compelling lives of their own that I enjoyed discovering.  Fallout 3/NV/Skyrim: All of these had sprawling open worlds that were fun to explore with compelling storylines and interesting sidequests. The character customisation and skill trees were also pretty fun to play around with. The NPCs were sometimes a little dull, but for the most part they were interesting enough. I did find the dungeons in skyrim got repetitive though.  Path of Exile: The only diablo-style game I've really quite enjoyed. The passive-tree really shines as a mechanic in this game that I enjoyed. The gameplay itself wore thin after I beat the first playthrough though.  GTAV: Really fun to play with very well written characters.  Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door: The gameplay was engaging and pretty fun. The writing is incredibly funny for a nintendo game. I loved this from start to finish.  Borderlands Series: Impeccable writing. Great gameplay. Fun skills and mechanics. Enjoyed every moment playing this (except for the arena DLC in BL1)  Assassins Creed 1/2: I enjoyed these games but heard bad things about 3 and have since not played another. 4 seemed interesting.  World of Warcraft: Back when the Burning Crusade expansion was released, I played this game for around 5 months and enjoyed all my time in it. Towards the end the gameplay got a bit stale, but the world was so huge and amazing to explore with my friends.   
[dota 2, lol]	I recently started playing Tropico 5, which was my first strategy game I've ever played other than League of Legends.  I tried Civ 5, but just didn't get into it.  What games can I easily sink a lot of time into?   More examples:   Minecraft  Battlefield 3  Guns of Icarus online  I don't really like the strategy games, mainly only Tropico 5. As you can see on my list, I like a lot of genres of games. Minecraft is always expanding, your world is infinite. Guns of Icarus gets fun when you have a full squad. Battlefield 3, there is always more to learn, Tanks, shooting, helicopters, airplanes, there is always so much.  Roller Coaster Tycoon is another good example, it has a sandbox mode which is great for me since I'm not really into strategy games.  I guess you could easily say that I like sandbox, openworld, building games. Exceptions for Guns of Icarus and Battlefield, which I still like.
[thomas was alone]	I have only this and tomorrow before I need to get back to my mandatory military service and I want a story driven or otherwise easy casual game to play.  I don't really like banging my head to the wall and getting frustrated when I can't get past a point in a game. Sometimes I like challenging games but not now.   Here are games that I have bought and enjoyed in the past that are somewhat similar to what I am trying to find.   * **Antichamber** * **Bioshock infinite** (*this isn't really the type I am looking for but it was the last "big" game that I enjoyed. Didn't like the first bioshock game at all but this I liked. Maybe becouse this was very easy to run through and had a compelling story that was told to you directly and not only through the enviroment.*) * **Braid**  * **Faster Than Light** (*I didn't ever get to finish it but I played it for hours and it was fun but after so many tries it became a bit repetitive.*) * **Hotline miami** (*Not my most favorite game but I did play it to the end, it was OK.*) * **Portals** (*Who doesn't like these, right?*) * **The stanley parable** (*This is the only game I have played while in the military, it was good. Wish it was longer.*) * **To The Moon**  I didn't really like Bastion the last time I tried it, too much mouse1 mashing for my taste. Maybe transistor is different?  
[planescape torment, baldur's gate, icewind dale]	Games I like  - Witcher 1 + 2  - Mass Effect Trilogy  - Dragon Age Origins (the second one kinda sucked)  - Fallout Series (*all* of them)  - TES (*all* of them)  - Chrono Trigger, FFII, FFIII, FFVII, (pretty much insert any awesome old school rpg from the 90s)  and stuff along those lines. Is there anything indie that I missed which is epic? I've been on the hunt for something interesting for so long I'm just going back and replaying games I've already beat after modding the bajeezus outta them. Please, reddit, help a rpger out!!!
[diablo ii]	To have the ability to raise up hordes of undead and raze the cities of my foes;  To spontaneously hurl shards of ice and then call down hellfire upon the quickly thawing targets;  To make thralls of mighty would-be heroes and soulless husks of the world's once-rulers;  And to build a horde of mindless unliving that can bring the world's mightiest empires to beleaguered stalemate.  This is what I want, so so badly, from a game. But there does not seem to be any game ready made that provides this Necromancer-Lich sort of experience. The closest I've found is a submod for the Elder Scrolls full game mod for Crusader Kings 2 that allowed you to play as a Draugr King, but that was an ephemeral thing, and now the mod has moved on from that direction. Which leaves me sad.  Any manner of recommendation or lead in what sort of game I should seek would be thoroughly appreciated.
[crusader kings 2, dwarf fortress, dwarf fortress, dwarfs!?]	I recently had surgery and I want to find a deep game with relatively low system requirements that I can get lost in for the next few weeks. I tried committing myself to DF (for like the fifth time), but I ended up overwhelmed (for like the fifth time). I've tried a handful of roguelikes that are pretty fun, but nothing really kept me entertained for the long haul.  Surely there's some little-known indie (FOSS, hopefully?) game that's just waiting for me to discover it.  Neither of my computers (Linux laptop, Windows PC) are what you would consider gaming computers by any means, so the less graphically complex, the better. I'm looking for gameplay, not eye candy, like a Minecraft or a Timber and Stone. Thanks, urrbody.  **Edit: Thanks, dudes. These responses look great. This internet thing might just catch on afterall.**
[final fantasy, lost odyssey, game on]	I've played A LOT of games and now I'm starting to feel meh about it all, I want a game that'll slap me straight out of it and get me enjoying it for a long time.  So, I'm into pretty much all genre's, apart from sport. I want a game that has replay value or takes a while to beat, something I can grit my teeth into. Got a Xbox 360, PS3, PC is low-end, I'm fine emulating anything else.  Also, no, I hate the Souls series, really burnt out on them, never been able to finish any of them.  Someone purposely downvoted all my posts, oh reddit, you... you.
[final fantasy xiv]	I put a lot of value on getting immersed in an environment, and I'm looking for an MMO with those qualities.   It's hard to give examples of things because nothing has really measured up. I did really enjoy WoW once upon a time but it looks dated, though the music is still good; EVE was fun, but hard to play alone; and I haven't gotten deep into any other MMO's. I tried Guild Wars II but it didn't grab me at all for some reason.  I've tried a few different F2P MMORPG's but I just feel it cheapens the experience (no pun intended). I don't have a problem paying a monthly fee for a game I really enjoy. If there's some amazing F2P MMO I missed (unlikely) then I'd be happy to try it as well.  A couple I'm curious about are FFXIV and Elder Scrolls Online, but I'm willing to try any game old or new. What is your favorite MMO to get immersed in?
[dark souls]	I'm looking for something with polished gameplay to really get invested in.  I loved the Witcher 2 and want something with a similar level of detail.  I enjoyed the quests, the combat, even the inventory management and leveling.  I don't care if it's thematically similar (medieval, dragons, etc), I'm just really into high quality gameplay.  For example, I *hated* Skyrim because I felt it was the same mediocre gameplay elements repeated over and over for 100 hours.  I'd much rather play something that stresses quality over quantity.
[mass effect]	I have really been wanting to play a good story based game for the PC recently. I already have played Metro 2033 and Last Light, all the Bioshocks, Fallout New Vegas, Skyrim and most of the Assassin's Creeds. The Witcher series and Far Cry 3 caught my eye, but I'm not completely sure on it. I want a game that has good fighting mechanics, sort of like Assassins Creed, but it's not a requirement. I'm really exited for games like The Division and Far Cry 4 that were released at E3 if that helps at all.  I wanted to see what Games you guys enjoyed playing(and seeing at E3), and hopefully that I will enjoy playing.
[pc gamer, cut it]	I played HL2 when it came out, and didn't touch a computer game until Fallout: New Vegas. I loved New Vegas despite the fact that I ruined it by choosing Explorer perk on my first playthrough. After modding New Vegas quite a bit, I feel the need to put it down for a while and try to start over new with a game where I can just go and explore (without ruining it with "Explorer" type perks, fast travel, higher difficulty, etc.). Skyrim seems like an obvious choice, but since I'm relatively new to games I have some questions.  * Do I just purchase Skyrim Legendary Edition right away? It has DLC (Dawnguard, Hearthfire, Dragonborn) that I *believe* immediately installs itself, but I read that Skyrim is smart enough to introduce the DLC naturally as the time comes.  * Will my hardware play it on max settings, or should I upgrade anything first? Windows 7 32-bit, 4 Gb RAM, GTX 560 Ti, i5-2500k. After my first playthrough I'll certainly want to use some mods to enhance visual quality. [This website](http:// says the 560 Ti should play at 51 frames per second, but I have no idea if that's good or bad.  ____  Replies have all been amazing after 3 hours. Thank you much, and feel free to continue chatting. The comments that have taken me by surprise are processor-related. Never would have thought an i5 would be a potential bottleneck. I may consider running on lower settings at first, then upgrade the hardware whenever I feel like it.
[lollipop chainsaw, metal gear solid, prince of persia, resident evil, silent hill, god of war, god of war, god of war, war games, i'm sorry]	Long story short, I played a lot of games back in the day. I played from the 8-bit systems up to the PS2 and then life got kinda crazy and I stopped playing games. However, I recently won a PS4 and my initial instinct was to sell it, but I've been getting a little nostalgic and I'm actually thinking about keeping it now that my life has calmed down quite a bit.   The problem is that I really don't know what games are out, what is good, or what is coming out. So I figured I'd come here and let you guys know the types of games I used to enjoy and see if I could get some recommendations? If they don't make games like the ones I used to enjoy I think I may sell it.  The games I used to like were things like Resident Evil, Silent Hill and Metal Gear Solid. I always liked games that made me think. I liked working things out for myself. This worries me because I hear these games kinda hold your hand quite a bit? Now don't get me wrong, I don't necessarily want *hard* games or games that pride themselves on being impossible, but I do like a puzzle. Looking around for items, trying to figure out where to go/how to progress. I like simple controls and systems, but complex problems to solve.  Is there anything like this on PS4? Should I sell? Any advice on gaming websites? I'm not sure where to start really. I can't just randomly click on videos, I kinda need some direction. Thanks!
[bioshock infinite, spec ops the line, strategy games, call of duty, max payne 3, deus ex, cod4]	I'm 30 years old, loved the NES/SNES when I was a kid, Zelda, Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy etc.  Stopped gaming for a few years and then in college I picked it back up and played a lot of XBOX/PS1 stuff, then I stopped gaming almost completely from 2006-2012, but in the last 18-24 months I've been VORACIOUS in my gaming consumption.  In that time I've played: (I have a 360 an XBOX ONE)  **Loved:**  Borderlands 1/2 + DLC  Gears of War 1/2/3  Mass Effect 1/2/3  Bioshock 1/2/Inf + DLC  Halo 4  Bulletstorm  ----  **Liked:**  Titanfall  Assassins Creed: black flag  Super Time Force  Far Cry 3 + Blood Dragon  Walking Dead Season 1  Asura's Wrath  ________  **Meh:**  Dishonored  Fallout 3  Dark Souls  Saint Row 3rd  Child Of Light  ___  **Crap**  Crysis 3  _______  I'm thinking about Deus Ex, Dead Space 2, maybe Lost Planet, Wolfenstein new order, Enslaved Odyssey to the west, singularity, Dragon Age games... they look *decent*, but I'm still hoping there's something out there I missed in the last 4/5 years that will be **amazing** (like Borderlands, Bioshock, Mass Effect).  Was going to get the Metro series but figured I'd wait for it to be re-released as a package deal for the One.  So, any recommendations you guys can make would be appreciated, thanks. 
[fallout 3]	Hi!   My girlfriend is looking for a game to play and I've run out of ideas to bring up.   Things she needs:  * PC Game  * Good Character Customization  * Female Option * Great Story * Preferably Open World  * Preferably Voice Acted  Games she loved:  * Dragon Age 1-2 (her favorites)  * Mass Effect 1-3 * Skyrim * Fallout 3 * Anime Romance Phone Apps (da fuck?)   I'm sure I can convince her of some give and take on any recommendations, but the main thing for her is the female option in characters.   Thanks for any recommendations! 
[burnout paradise, just cause 2, minecraft, minecraft, z.h.p., ichi]	I feel like so many modern games all have such dark, monotone worlds with dark, brooding plots. I like that a lot of the time, but I've been feeling really stifled with all the seriousness and grit. Are there any recent games on PC or on an older console that I've been missing out on? I'm thinking stuff like Ratchet and Clank, Jak and Daxter, Final Fantasy, etc. Genre doesn't really matter, but I've found that JRPGs are much lighter than WRPGs. Something like a happy, colorful Elder Scrolls game would be cool, but genre is really secondary.   Is indie the way to go for this? I've played a lot of top indie titles but I could not be looking hard enough. 
[fable 3]	Alright, so I have absolutely no knowledge on video games. I'm trying to get as many opinions as possible so that I can find the most suitable game for my dad. As stated in my title, he was obsessed, playing Zelda (for the Wii, I can't remember which version, but he didn't like the other) and Diablo for the 360 all night and into the late morning hours.  I also remember back when I was younger, he was always playing Myst. I have only found Myst II: Riven, but my brother claims he played the first one as well. Although, we're sure he doesn't remember the games much at all since it was so long ago.  He likes games that take strategy and really make you think. He likes puzzle-type games with a bit of action (or not) where you need to solve a problem by searching, talking, all that jazz in order to advance to the next level and further into the game. I think he would also find it really interesting if the game had a certain element that allowed the player to choose its own destiny. I mean this as in, you can take multiple  a web, or something. Choose your own destiny is the best I can describe.  Anyway, it would be VERY much appreciated if you guys could point me in the right direction of finding a game or games that fit this criteria.  Also, as far as the Myst series goes, I guess Exile is the only one compatible with the 360. Revelation isn't even with the update for the backwards compatibility. Unless you guys know of another way around it besides playing and paying for Xbox live because he wouldn't want to do that. Thanks for reading if you've gotten all the way down here, and I hope you can contribute it any way. It will all be appreciated very much. Thanks, guys!
[bioshock infinite, thomas was alone, prince of persia, child of light, action games]	I seem to have fallen into a lull in my gaming "career". I'm finding that rather than enjoying a game I'm wishing it would end just so I can add it to the "finished" pile. I've played a few games where I've been dying to know the next part of the story. Graphics is reasonably important to me but art style more so I guess.   Games I've previously enjoyed are: (In order of most favourite)  Alan Wake Spec Ops: The Line The Wolf Among Us Halo 1 The Walking Dead FarCry 3 Skyrim (world more than story) Uncharted (PS3) Tomb Raider Batman AA  Games that I'm trying to force myself through but not really enjoying. I think it's the story...  DmC Jericho Battlefield 3 Fallout 3-NV  That's about all I can think of without looking at my steam list (not home ATM)  I'm not sure how to format, so I apologise for it being hard to read.  Thanks for reading.   
[the stanley parable]	Lately I've been kind of down and I've had a very hard time focusing on things, just in general. I've tried playing games the past few days to get involved in a good story or great gameplay just to relax and pass time, but it's difficult to play anything for longer than 15 minutes without feeling slightly anxious and turning off whatever game I'm playing. I guess I am asking for a game that is very involving and captures your attention quickly. I would prefer something relaxing, definitely not a fast-paced shooter or anything competitive. Possibly something I can play while listening to music. I enjoy all genres and am a sucker for a great story, and I have a PC and a PS2 that I can game on. I apologize for my diarrheaing of the mouth. Thank you very much, in advance, for your suggestions.   edit: You all have suggested so many games I haven't heard of and can't wait to play. Thank you very much, this community is nothing less than wonderful.
[zeno clash]	Okay, so I enjoy gaming while intoxicated, who doesn't?  Well I am not talking drunk or stoned, I am talking heavy psychadelic usage. If you check my post history you will see a very recent post alluding to what I use to make the ultimate gaming experience IMO, if you are too lazy consider it the equivalent of a VERY heavy acid trip combined with the drunkest you have ever been.  So, I am looking for games that are great for this type of experience. Now there are certain criteria.  1) The game has to be a fairly simple control scheme, yet can get very in deptg once you master it. Example: Arkham games, combat is perfect, simple yet many variations possible.  2) Little to no driving required as it is very challenging to drive properly. Example: No GTA's or racing games.  3) Has a great plot to it that hinges on mind fuck. I want something that makes you think Example. Watch Dogs (which I know had a lot of driving but I managed)  So those are my outlines, I typically stay away from FPS as I find 3rd person much more comfirtable, BUT this is not a requirement and if the right game comes up I will definitely take a stab at it.  What I am looking for is a game that.ideally has a good stealth component to it, not just a run n' gun shoot em up. I like the challenge of stealth, but also enjoy games that allow stealth as well as more direct approaches such as the Arkham games.  Games I currently have in my library that I am considering are...  ME3 , Borderlands 2 , The Witcher 2, Dragon Age, and Red Faction Armageddon, although none of those are stand out choices, besides mass effect for my criteria, if I am suggested it I will likely play it.  Outside of my library I would like some suggestions from this sub.  In order of importance for my criteria I would say no driving&gt; mind fuck&gt; stealth playstyle.  I know it is an odd and unique request but I would love to recreate the magic that beating the Arkham gamea and WD had on me while I was in this state of mind.  Please suggest away!  
[railroad tycoon 2 platinum]	I watched an entire Let's Play on Railroad Tycoon 3, and I got REALLY excited. I had played Sid Mier's Railroads but it...painfully simplistic. RRT3 seemed to bring a bit of that complexity back. So I get home today, buy it on Steam  won't run. I keep getting a DirectX  error, and I've searched for hours to no avail. Mind you, it's not the Hardware H&amp;L issue, it's a windows  issue.  SO! Now I have a crazy itch for some sort of railroad tycoon; I've played the crap out of a lot of similar games, is there anything I've missed?  Games I've played:  * OpenTTD * Sid Mier's Railraods  * Simutrans   Probably more but I can't think of anything. Anything else that would scratch the itch? It doesn't HAVE to be Railroads, but something similar would be great
[archmage, pick up, lol]	Got booted from /r/gaming and the mods suggested I post this question here:   I haven't really played any games since I was like 13 or so. A little Tony Hawk here, some GTA there... But I just started playing Skyrim a few weeks ago and am loving it. Just wondering what y'all suggest that's somewhat similar. I already have Assassin's Creed II, but haven't really started it yet because it's a bit unfriendly if you don't have a controller - which I plan on getting soon anyway. But I just know there has to be a lot more out there that my born-again-newbie self doesn't know. Thanks for the help, friends.
[stubbs the zombie in rebel without a pulse]	With the steam sale coming up I am trying to come up with a list of games where you can either be undead or control the undead. Maybe there is a game where you can be part of an undead faction or something similar. I only play on the PC and I don't mind older games. I'll go for an RTS, RPG, turn based, mostly all genres. Just in case there aren't many games that fit the bill, I would also like to play any dark fantasy type game with a similar enviroment to diablo 2 for example. I like dark stories that includes things like plague, undead, etc.  If anyone has any cool games in mind please let me know, thank you!
[lost odyssey]	My list so far:  Fallout (haven't played any in the series)  Zelda (A link between worlds, Ocarina of Time, Phantom Hourglass)  Ni No Kuni  Beyond two souls   The Last of Us  Remember me  Brothers: Tale of two Sons  Bioshock (haven't played any in the series)  Overlord  Fable  Alice the Madness  Child of Light  I have a PS3, Xbox 360 and 3DS; I'm looking towards getting a Wii U. Games I already have and love are Skyrim, Assassins Creed, Halo, most Zelda games, Pokemon and Animal Crossing. My laptop is a HP pavillion so I almost certainly won't be looking for any PC games, unless you have some that will run on really low specs.
[king's bounty: warriors of the north, heroes of might and magic 5, heroes of might and magic 3, sins of a solar empire, command and conquer, supreme commander, supreme commander, unreal tournament, league of legends, age of wonders 3, team fortress 2, civilization 5, counter-strike, torchlight 2, serious sam, mass effect, minecraft, starcraft, starcraft, game on, dota 2, dota 2, diablo]	I just built a brand new gaming computer, and really don't have many games to play (I did not think that through clearly...). I'm hoping for anyone who has any ideas of good CPU games I could play?  I like such a wide variety of games over so many different platforms. Some of my favorites are [The Fable Series], Skyrim, Reckoning, Counter Strike Source, Call of Duty, Gears of War [1], Saints Row, any sports games.  I really enjoy RPG's, Shooters, Sports games, preferably not subscription based. Any game type really would do, I just named a few that popped into my head but I basically love any type of game there is. Also I guess what are some of your favorites and some new games that have come out I may enjoy? Thanks a bunch!
[kerbal space program]	Since indie games don't make use of the ERSB rating system (and don't use a volunteer rating system afaik), even with YouTube and other reviews it can be hard to tell if a title can be considered appropriate for all ages or not. (Especially these days where even simple, sometimes-cutesy graphics have the potential to deceive)  Thus I'm wondering if anyone here would like to recommend some indie titles that could be considered appropriate for the 6+ crowd, perhaps limited to cartoon violence in the vein of Nintendo's content. 
[wii u, wii u]	Okay, so to start off this isn't a discussion of PS4 vs. Xbox One. I know that, if I decide to purchase, its going to be a PS4. My problem is this: Do I spend that much money on a new console, or wait?  I'm currently in the process of building a gaming computer (re: gathering money to buy parts), and I have my old Xbox 360 to play my console games on. While my plan is to transition over to PC gaming as my primary, I still want a console for those console only games (Destiny being my prime example at the moment).   Obviously it would be a lot cheaper to just preorder the game for Xbox 360, but I feel that I want the newer features and graphics power of the PS4. Of course that takes the 60 dollar preorder to a 400 dollar purchase of a new console. That money would be going toward the computer build, but I still can't decide whether or not I want to spend the money for the new console.  Tl;DR I can't decide if I want to spend 400 on a PS4 when I have a working Xbox 360 and (hopefully) a new computer to play games on. 
[king's bounty, homm]	Hello, i would like to hear some recommendations on what to play next, so here are my preferences, not looking for a specific genre: I like RTS, was a big fan of WC3, SC I and II, Rise of Nations, Age of Mythology/Empires, also played a ton of turn based stuff from Civ II to V, Age of Wonders, and HoMM so if you know a good RTS, go ahead and tell me based on thoes.   RPGs, ive just yesterday finished Gothic 3 again, played and finished: Witcher I, II (cant wait for III), Gothic series, The Elder scrolls series, Dark Souls II (love the combat, would like something really combat focused) and so on. Recommend away, really need a new game while i wait for a Divinity Original Sin to come out!   **TL DR**: Need new game, like RPGs and turn based stuff, something combat focused.
[city builder, tropico 4, dig it]	Hey folks. I'm looking for a game that I can idle to, preferably a city builder. I used to be a big fan of Stronghold Kingdoms, but I'm kind of burnt out on that. Something similar maybe? I'd like it to be slow placed rather than a typical RTS. I'm also a big fan of the Total War series.   I'm hoping to spend less than $10, but if you have a suggestion that is absolutely exceptional I'd be more than happy to hear it.   I do have Civ 5 already, which was my first thought, as well as mostly every Total War game.   Thanks in advance.
[homeworld]	Been thinking I may want to try a space game with great atmosphere and cerebral attitude.  I'm not sure exactly what I'm looking for, so just pop out with whatever comes to mind. By atmosphere I mean great music, not a lot of clutter/nonsense additions to the game, not based on twitch-action or FPS reflexes, and solid content.  I did like EVE once upon a time, but I don't have time for it anymore. That kind of atmosphere projected into a game possibly? Anyway I'm open to suggestions.  EDIT: inevitably the X3 games will get recommended. I do own these, and I'm not opposed to trying them again, but for some reason I couldn't get into them the first time. Some great Let's Play or Tutorial videos would be appreciated if these are your suggestion... carry on.
[bionic commando rearmed, lost vikings, gunman clive, ducktales, trine 2, rayman, rayman]	Maybe I'm getting older and have less tolerance for this type of "trial and error", keep-repeating-until-you-know-this-like-the-back-of-your-hand type of game design. All I know is games like Super Meat Boy, VVVVVV, and even Stealth Bastard annoy me. I acknowledge they're well designed games, but I can't play or replay these games anymore unless I'm in a particular mood.  Being a PC only gamer does have its occasional flaws: I miss playing Mario. This isn't reason enough for me to buy a Wii U, so I'm faced with the conundrum of finding PC platformers with a fair difficulty. What say you? Got any platformers with a fairer Nintendo-esque difficulty instead of today's "OMG YOU'RE DEAD... again" mentality?
[sci-fi]	like... I am wanting something that was as fun and varied as risk of rain, each class felt different and was enjoyable (or not) in their own way, but I don't want it to be something I am done with and restart in an hour. I greatly enjoy games like FFT, grid based, job classes, lots of stuff to choose from gear wise and ability wise... but I can never seem to find those types of games on the PC. Typically if I am to look for strategy RPG, I always get stuck in a mire of RTS games... and that is just not what I am looking for right now. 
[south park: the stick of truth, the longest journey, black mesa, half-life]	I'm usually offering suggestions here, but now it's time to get some from the community for my friend during the Summer Sale.  He is using a Lenovo ThinkPad P580: **i5-3210m , 6GB RAM, 1366x758 and INTEL HD4000.**  **Looking for single-player, story-driven games that will run smoothly on his system.**  His Steam library currently consists of about 30 games including: Bioshock trilogy, CS:GO, Borderlands 2, Sleeping Dogs, Tomb Raider, Fallout: New Vegas, Spec Ops: The Line,  Noire, Hitman, Dragon Age: Origins, Far Cry Blood Dragon, Portal 2, Saints Row The Third and a few others.  Bioshock Infinite, Tomb Raider, Sleeping Dogs and Far Cry Blood Dragon run on his laptop, but not smoothly (just for reference). Thanks in advance.
[tropico]	So, I want a game that has strategy behind it, something with an overhead view and while it doesn't have to be a city builder, it doesn't hurt. While I like banished, it doesn't have enough complexity and I've looked into game like Folk Tale that have the wrong type of complexity (I don't want to have to gear or anything like that). Basically I want Banished, meets LoL (for the strats, but without gearing) all while actually making me think and effecting the game in some way. I would also like something a bit newer, I just can never get into older graphics.
[sleeping dogs]	Looking for a game with the likes of fallout. A large open world with wonderful stories and believable environments. Something that has many items to collect and quests to do, which characters you remember and villains you hate.  Long story short, i'm looking for an open world game with a good narrative. Borderlands servers as another good example. But to put in a solid list of requirements...  - Must be open world - Must have a good narrative - Must have a large variety of  Island-Fallout)  - Must have several sidequests and such. - Preferred to be a FPS or something close. (Meaning no Burnouts etc)  - Must not be a top down view sort of thing like ultima unless its really good.  Thats basically it. The near insane amount of requirements XD  I've played...  Farcry (all)  Fallout (all)  Borderlands (all)  Striker Call of Pripyat and the others.  Saints Row (All)  GTA (all)  Dead Island (All)  Crackdown (All)  Everything here: http://  Thanks in advance. 
[planescape torment, child of light, baldur's gate, south park, shadow run]	-I don't like 3d rpg's (over the shoulder). Something 2d or  is preferred.  -I don't like "Classic" mechanics (ie party of 3 heroes casting fireball, where the tank class protects the mage class with his +2 shield). I want new and innovative skills and spells and classes.  -I want a story that compels me to find out what happens next. I'm a smart 27 year old who's spent a lot of time playing rpgs and watching movies. I just can't get into the whole save-the-princess-and-save-the-world assembly line story anymore. Something new.  Maybe not every rpg needs to be about something epic? Maybe it can be about an electrician gaining levels and experience at wiring things? Maybe instead of saving the world he starts his own company. I just created an innovative story in 5 seconds. There has to be something new, well written, and compelling out there.
[euro truck simulator 2]	Hi everybody. My granddad is 90 years old, and he really, really misses his drivers license. He misses being able to drive a car, and I'd love to do something for him, for when he visits.  I have access to a Wii, a PS3 and an iMac. I'm looking for a driving game where he can drive the car intuitively (I'm especially looking at the Wii here) and where the game can work as a driving sim where he doesn't need lightning reflexes but where he can just drive around at his own leisure.   It could be a straight up driving simulator or a racing game with an open-world option or the like. One where he can ideally use one of the driving wheel things that you can attach to the Wii controller would be perfect.  Any suggestions? =)
[system shock 2]	Being a Mac user, my options are fairly limited when it comes to newer PC games.  We get a fair share of indie games like Gone Home, but if possible, I'd really like to delve into some of the classic 1990s PC games.  I've played the Metal Gear Solids and the Mario 64s that defined modern console gaming, but I haven't really played many of the PC equivalents.  I'm a big fan of action games, but I'm open to any computer game classic that you think has aged well enough to play today and is significant in the history of video games.  I've already played Fallout and Starcraft on my Mac.  
[kotor]	I love a game with a good story and compelling characters - nothing can draw me in more. From the youtube videos I've watched of this game, it seems to have these in spades. But nothing can push me away faster than bland gameplay, too, and the UI on the PC version of the game has me worried that it will get really overwhelming or really repetitive really quick.   I have loved games in the past that have succesfully merged a gripping storyline and characters with action - for example, The Mass Effect series, The Witcher 2, or the newer Elder Scrolls games. However, this gameplay looks a bit more like Star Wars - Knights of the Old Republic (which I was a big fan of), albeit much more complex. Based on these games, would I like Dragon Age? 
[heavy rain]	Basically I'm looking for a game where when you choose what you say matters. It changes the story entirely if you choose answer A or answer B. Also preferably more than an a few hours long. I don't want to go back and see the other outcomes of the game I just want to play through it once. So a game like Stanley Parable might be what I'm looking for, but unless you go through all the endings and such the game is very short. Are there any games like this?   Bonus points if it's psychological based  edit: Hate to use this as an example as it might lead you to think I like different types of games than I'm actually looking for. Oh well... That VN game called Katawa Shojo or something. The game is basically entirely different depending on your answers that you pick. That is the type of thing I'm looking for and is the best example I can think of. I don't want VN though.   edit for even more clarification: I say "fuck you" to some guy early on in the story instead of "i like you" or something and then he goes and tries to kill me rather than help me later on. (This sounds like Alpha Protocol, I think)
[shadowrun returns]	Hello. like the title says, i'm looking for a science fiction game for PC, with good single player story and characters. Doesn't matter if it's an RPG, action/adventure, strategy or shooter. I would prefer the game to be relatively new in terms of graphics, but i'm not opposed to an older game. Bonus points if it is on sale for steam summer sale.   _______________________________________________________  Here are some games I have already played and liked.   Mass Effect Series  Assasins Creed Series  Dark Souls   XComm Enemy Within  Skyrim / Oblivion / Fallout / New Vegas  Far Cry 3 &amp; Blood Dragon  Deus Ex Human Revolution  Civilization  Diablo III   Starcraft II  Civilization V  Metro Last Light   ______________________________________   Here are some games I'm thinking about getting  Watch Dogs  Dead Space Series  Crysis 3 _______________________________________________  EDIT: Thanks in advance :):):)   
[star wars]	I'm looking for something similar to Fallout 1/2/NV in the "feel" of the world -- not the apocalyptia vibe, but in the way they realize the world they're set in -- characters and history and all that. Preferably open-world, but something in a more Deus Ex-y style is fine too.  I'm not hugely concerned by technology/graphics, although I do find stuff pre-1995ish to be pretty unplayable for me by and large, so preferably something released after that point.  I've already played Morrowind and up in TES, people love to suggest them but I'm already familiar.  Thanks for any help.
[wildstar]	The first real MMO I played was - oh surprise - World of Warcraft. This was the first game where I found myself in the role of a healer. I truly loved to keep my allies alive, to make them stronger and to fight the incoming damage. I loved being focused in PvP and suffering all the pain, to struggle for survival until it's over - either for me or for the enemy.  Well, I quit playing WoW for a plenty of reasons. Since that, I played a lot of other games, preferable taking the healer/supporter role if there was any. I played DotA 2 (excessively) and had fun placing wards, helping my carry becoming strong and even to die for him to protect his life - because his survival was more important for the team than mine.  There are some other games I played like Wakfu or Team Fortress 2 (nice healing gun but I didn't like the game itself), but I never found a game where I can develop in my role as a healer like I did in WoW. There was Bloodline Champions, a great game, but sadly it's dead now (abandoned by the developers). DotA 2 is still quite fun but not that fulfilling. Diablo III was great too but there is no true healer role, unfortunately. I'm still playing EVE Online, very addicting game, but I'm no healer there because the role is very different and not what I'm looking for.  So, I'm looking for a game where I can have a similar healer experience which I'm longing for so long. To be honest, in WoW I had the most fun playing that role, but this is no "I want a WoW that is not WoW" posting. I'm asking if you can tell me which multiplayer game YOU played where you had a fulfilling experience as a healer/supporter and would like to share. Genre doesn't matter, MOBA, MMO, FPS, turn-based ... I just want to be a healer again.
[mario kart, trine 2 , rayman]	She used to go ham on some Donkey Kong Country.    Now, we do have a Wii. We played a little of Donkey Kong Jungle Beats, or whatever that game was called. She didn't like the Wii controls. Of course, I can just buy the classic controller.  But I have no idea how that stacks up to other DK games or even other similar games.  I'd REALLY like to find something on Steam we'd both enjoy playing together. But I also have the Wii and a 360. I'd also rather not shell out for a WiiU.  Can someone who keeps up with these kinds of games help me out?
[hearts of iron iii]	I'm looking for a game that can be played for a significant length of time while still making progress in the same file/playthrough.   That's a sort of vague description. The only two games I can think of like what I'm looking for are Minecraft, where you can keep working in the same world indefinitely, and  the FIFA series, where one can have a sort of "career" that lasts for many, many games. I'm not super interested in sports games, though.   Is anyone aware of any other games like this? Thanks so much!  
[worms armageddon]	I was a casual-to-unemployed gamer for much of the early '00s, playing competitive online games such as World of Warcraft, DOTA, Red Alert, and Diablo. Just examples. I played more, but this gives you an idea. I lost my left arm at 27 years old, while my son was still a baby. He likes doing things with me now, though. As I do him. So I recently purchased Plants Vs. Zombies, whichever the new release is -- but I cannot play it casually with one hand. I sat on Amazon thinking of old games I enjoyed: Civ4, and slower paced titles. I learned quickly I was not going to entertain myself, let alone my son, with old turn based games. Hearthstone bores him. And I blank after that.   Which brings me to the real question. Are there newer releases with flashy colors and fun sounds, that a 30 year old and 4 year old can both engage with? I tried Puzzle Pirates, but that was hardly close to what I'm looking for. I'm not a tripper about violence or anything. I can talk to my son about these things. I'm just looking for FUN. Thanks in advance!   Oh, I have a 50$ spending limit here. Maximum. :)   tl;dr - one handed man wants a fun game he can play in front of a 4 year old. 
[starbound, wildstar , diablo 3]	Hi.  I've been slowly getting my wife into gaming, starting her off quite gently.  She recently go into Minecraft pretty hardcore an we've playing Agrarian Skies since its release.  We finally finished all the quests this weekend and we're looking for something else to play.  The biggest difficulty she has is with the controls.  She really isn't that used to anything other than WASD, can't really use a control pad, and her reaction times  not great.  She can dodge a creeper, just!  So, where would people recommend going from here?  Something that isn't too fast paced in terms of control, uses WASD and is coop.  I was thinking WoW or Wildstar?  Any other suggestions?  Cheers.
[killing floor]	I'm looking for an action combat game that allows you to grind up skills and weapons.  Games that will give a similar feeling as the following:  Dark Cloud 1 &amp; 2  Rogue Galaxy  Monster Hunter Series  I think what I like the most about these games is that these have some sort of weapon tree that you progress through, and that there are different paths you can take.  The Dynasty Warriors series has always appealed to me in the sense that every character used a different weapon and thus had a semi-unique feel to them.  I haven't kept up with any DW games since 6 Empires, and looking forward to Hyrule Warriors when it comes out.  I'm not really looking for a Dark Souls experience.  I've been thinking of getting into Path of Exile because of the active skill gems and the passive skill tree, but just haven't taken the time to try it out.  Another game that I am looking at is Dragon's Dogma.  I'm just wondering if it ends up feeling more like Dark Souls vs Monster Hunter.  My system options are PC, PS3, Wii U, and a 3DS.  Should I look at a new game or just go back and play through Dark Cloud or Rouge Galaxy again?
[bully: scholarship edition, shoot em up, this game, rockstar, rockstar, gta, gta]	I adore games that take place in one city/area where each facet is meticulously detailed. I prefer the intimacy of that over games with larger, open worlds.   Some games that I like that fit this are:  * The Yakuza series * South Park: The Stick of Truth (from what I've played at least) * Attack of the Friday Monsters * Persona 3/4 * Kenka Bancho: Badass Rumble * The Way of the Samurai series  To a lesser extent, Shadow of the Colossus had this, but I would prefer more interactivity.  Thanks for any suggestions.
[same game, dogz 5, catz 5, petz, petz]	Looking for a game for my friend. Her words:  "Most breeding games suck. I'm really into games like, taking care of a creature, then selective breeding and then hatching the egg or something."  Most of her experience with games is from Facebook apps, so I doubt it'll be so hard to find something she enjoys a bit more. The problem is whether or not such a game exists, and finding it. The only things I came up with off the top of my head are Spore and Monster Loves You, anyone know of any other games I could suggest?
[break it, be good, pcs]	Hi     Im eyeing an older dell latitude E6420 with nvidia nvs 4200m, and it will have an ssd and quad i7 sandy mobile. Is this a good choice? The main advantage of it is the ssd and quad i7, however the video card concerns me. Would a better cpu offset the worse gpu in some games that are more cpu intensive? Or maybe theres a way to optimize quadro for games?     Or maybe you have a better suggestion for this price range, I was looking at a haswell i3 with intel hd4600 because it would outdo the old quadro, but none of them are around 250, or none that I have found.
[dota 2, tf2, tri]	I've played a lot of LoL and while I mostly enjoy the gameplay, I am tired of Riot's implementation of it. No voice chat, teamplay discouraged, no east coast servers, and many bugs.   In GW1, I loved GvG. I liked the teamwork, team/map construction (metagame), and the combat system. If it had a draft mode, GvG would have been perfect.    Mandatory MOBA requirements:  * **US East coast servers** * **Computer game** * **Mostly bug free**. League has had a lot of dumb bugs, but recently there are bugs related to player input. It is absolutely unacceptable that a competitive game misreads player input. If I press "R", "R" always needs to be registered as a command by the game.    Strong preferences:  * **Built in voice chat** * **The only competitive game mode is with premade teams.** It's absurd that ranked soloqueue exists. Riot took a team game and then made the focus on the individual. Matchmaking with strangers is fine, but the game should make it very clear that when your teammates are strangers you are playing a CASUAL game mode.  * **No runes or masteries.** No sort of customization of "oh well my X does 5% more damage than you X, although you have 3% more attack speed because I checked these boxes during the loading screen". Whenever I play against a Blargh I want the Blarg to be exactly the same from game to game.  * **Popular game.** I want to be able to find people to play with.  * **Stable game.** I'd like to play a game that has a deep and shifting metagame because the game is deep, not because there is a balance change every other week. IF there are frequent balance changes I want them to be very frequent and VERY minor. A big change every month is far worse than minor changes every week.  * **Easy to unlock core content.** Riot's model is a little harder to unlock content then I would like. If League didn't have a paid for rune system, the content unlock curve would be fine.  I don't mind paying, but it shouldn't cost more than $50 to unlock all gameplay.  * **Low micro focus.** I'd rather be limited by my decision making than my ability to micro. This is one area I think LoL does a good job in. If you want to show off your mechanics there are characters that can do that. However, if you would rather rely on decision making there are many mechanically easy character to play as. There's also a lot of characters in between pure decision making (Xin, Annie) and technically demanding (Lee, Syndra, Zed). Irelia is probably the most mechanically demanding champion I can play.      Nice to haves:  * **Built in tournaments.** Preferably swiss or pool style that feed into a bracket.  * **Good tutorials** * **Multiple game modes** * **Easy to learn hard to master.**  * **Input buffering.**    If the game fits these requirements and isn't a MOBA, mention it! I'm just looking for a pvp team game. I also loved Star Wars Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast CTF mode. An FPS that strongly encouraged organized team play with built in tournaments would be a very strong contender. 
[devil may cry, god of war]	It can be an MMO. It can be online. It can be single player.  I have tried Skyrim, WoW (Played War, DK, and Paladin in fact), Wildstar (Have a Warrior), FFXIV (Both PAL and GLD are at 50), Diablo 3, I have beaten gunners with a fire axe in DayZ, and Ascend: Hand of Kul.  I am looking into going back into Warframe since I know Melee got updated.  It's not that I am dissatisfied with the above games, it's that I am looking for something new and different to play. I hear good things about Dark Souls but it's apparently slow paced with a LOT of difficulty. If I can't find something else, I will do DS.  If you like a game that matches what I want, and want to share the joy, please tell me.
[football manager, rogue legacy, democracy 3, civ]	You may be asking me, What's the point in playing a game if you're not actually playing? Well, Runescape, a game I played many years ago is a very relaxing game that gives you the sense of accomplishment while being able to do other things while playing, for example watching a movie, cleaning the house or cooking. I don't play runescape anymore, and I probably never will but ever since those days I haven't been able to find a game where I can sync hundreds, maybe even thousands of hours in that allows me to do the things I would like to do. I'm starting to lose hope
[fallout new vegas, fallout 3]	TL;DR: Love platformers, puzzle/strategy games, single-player FPS. Can run emulators. Suggest a game.  Long version:  The only consoles I have ever owned was a NES and a PS1. I feel like I'm missing out on a lot of "classic" series (Metroid, Mario) etc. I'm looking for recommendations on games I should play, but mainly games I **finish** (because I have so many).  I will list games I love, like, hated, in hopes that someone will give me suggestions of what should I play. Any input will be appreciated. I will group games in the same series (HL2 and HL1) but that doesn't mean I liked everything in the series equally.  I strongly prefer single-player PC games. (No PC/Console wars and ignore wrong genres).  Sorry for long post...  **LOVED** ==========  **FPS I loved**   - Half-Life 2 (ep1, ep2), Half-Life 1 (unfinished, meh, 10%)  - Portal 1, Portal 2  -  SoC (unfinished, 30%)  - Wolfenstein  - Quake 2 (unfinished, 80%)  - Doom 2 (unfinished, 80%)  - Hexen (unfinished, 80%)  - Magic Carpet (unfinished, 80%)    **Platformers I loved**   - Fez  - Cave Story  - Mega Man 1-6, Mega Man X (PC)  - Rayman (PC), Rayman Origins, Rayman Legends (unfinished, 20%)  - Braid  - Super Meat Boy (PC, unfinished, 80%)  - Guacamelee  - Terraria  - Limbo  - American McGee's Alice (unfinished, 50%)  - 140     **RPG's I loved**   - TES V: Skyrim (unfinished, 40%)  - TES IV: Oblivion (unfinished, 30%)  - TES III: Morrowind (unfinished, 10%)  - Diablo 2   **Others I loved**   - Minecraft  - Tyrian   **Strategy\Puzzle games I loved**   - StarCraft 2  - The Stanley Parable  - Saiyuki Jorney West (PS1, Tactical RPG)  - Anno 1404  - Orcs Must Die!  - Antichamber  - Cossacks (1)  **LIKED** ===========   **Platformers I liked**   - Pid (unfinished, 60%)  - Gish (unfinished, 20%)  - Crash Bandicoot 3 Warped (PS1)  - Rayman 2 (PS1, unfinished, 30%)  - Castlevania: Aria of Sorrow(unfinished, 30%, I know it's an RPG)  - Shank 2  - Teslagrad (unfinished, 80%)  - SteamWorld Dig   **FPS I liked**   - Return to Castle Wolfenstein (unfinished, 30%)  - Metro 2033 (unfinished, 5%)  - Bioshock 1  - Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare  - Crysis (unfinished, 60%)  - Unreal Tournament 2004  -  (unfinished, 50%)  - Borderlands (unfinished, 50%)  - Descent I, Descent II (bot unfinished)  - Doom 3 (unfinished, 30%)  - Serious Sam I and II  - Painkiller (unfinished, 80%)   **Strategy\Puzzle games I liked**   - Dungeon Keeper 2 (unfinished, 80%)  - FTL: Faster Than Light  - XCOM (new, unfinished, 20%)  - Perimieter (unfinished, 50%)  **Avereage (~, meh, OK)** ==============   - Sacrifice (unfinished - good idea, but the game itself isn't that good)  - DmC: Devil May Cry  - Rochard  - Mirror's Edge  - Don't Starve (way too hard and compilcated)       **Tried but did't like** (please dont kill me): =================    - Super Mario 64  - Zelda Wind Waker  - Vessel  - GTA 3  - Psychonauts  - Bastion (the narrator was annoying)  - Saints Row III or IV  - Dark Souls   - Spore  - Just Cause 2 (too buggy)  - The Binding of Isaac  - Thomas Was Alone   Have not played: ========   - Civilization games (except II)  - Mass Effect series  - Deus Ex series  - Total War series  - Fallout series  - Assasin's Creed series  - Amnesia  - Metroid series   Games I wish I could experience again (eg. 11/10): Antichamber, Fez, Braid, Half-Life 2, Cave Story, Minecraft  To reiterate - I'm mostly looking for "dude, you gotta finish x!" but also "you should play Y, it's one of the best games I've played" If it's an old game it has to stand strong on its own without "good for its time" or nostalgia factor. For example Mario 64 seemed incredibly simplistic, boring and even annoying (camera). I do not mean to offend anyone, I just didn't like the game and I think it's mainly because I do not have nostalgic association towards Mario games.  Ninja edit: those of course are not all the games I've played, but those should give an OK image what I like and what I don't like  Thank you for reading to the end! 
[valiant hearts, child of light, child of light, roguelike, pick up, grow up, syberia, myst]	So my mom has decided she'd like to try video games. I'm all for it, I firmly believe you can enjoy video games no matter what your age is. She even went out and bought Skyrim, because in her words, DRAGONS, FUCK YEAH. unfortunately, her playing style was sitting me down at the computer after making her character, and having me control while she sat behind me and yelled 'KILL IT KILL IT KILL IT'. point and click games seem to be her preferred type. So I'm looking for games that are less shooty-stabby, and more thinky-explorey. And for PS2 or windows if possible, because a new game is more affordable than a new system. So far the likliest candidates are portal and shadow of destiny, or possibly one of the final fantasy  any suggestions are welcome.
[kingdoms of amalur: reckoning]	I know it is a very picky request, but out of my 250 steam games i currently find none interesting, which i why I'm entering the gaming industry myself, but not for quite some time.   I guess it can be a sidescroller, but prefer not to be unless it truly fullfills those requests.  Thank you for the help, I am offering gold to the person that shows me a game i can really get addicted to.  I have posted this on /r/AskGames , i really want to find a game.  It doesn't have to be cartoony.  **EDIT:** Please no top-down RPG like Torchlight/Diablo/Van Helsing.
[zombie apocalypse, 7 days to die, starbound, starbound, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft, dayz]	Looking for a moderately passive game. I'm currently playing The Forest, and it's a bit too intense and limited in its current state. I want a vast open world to explore (in 3D preferably). Minecraft is sort of along these lines, but I'm looking for something more realistic. I want to explore and create things. Interact with wildlife maybe? Single player preferably, but online is an option. Journey-esque in the exploration side. It can be more abstract and vibrant, but again 3D is much preferred.   Platform is PC. No graphical limitations.
[prince of persia]	got told I should post here to ask for some game recommendations! over my many years of gaming I have discovered so many beautiful games that I love but I know there are countless others that have slipped under my radar. Here is a list of games that I love, I would love recommendations based on any of these games. The consoles I have access to are a Dreamcast, a Gamecube, a 3DS, a PS2 and an Xbox 360    * Jet Grind Radio and Jet Set Radio Future - the first one for the Dreamcast is the game that got me in to gaming and remains one of my favorites to this day. I love love love the art style and the soundtrack and the gameplay is fun, satisfying, and addictive. The story in this one isn't anything to write home about it but it isn't terrible either.  * Okami  - in my opinion, a nearly perfect game. There's nothing I don't love about it, I have played it many times and enjoyed it more and more each time.  * Kingdom Hearts &amp; Final Fantasy X - I lumped them together because they are the only JRPGs I like and two of my all time favorites. I love the beautiful, ornate visual style in FFX, the cartoonish style and Disney tie-ins in KH, and the touching, emotionally driven storyline in both. The gameplay in KH is fantastic and addicting and I do like the style of combat a bit better than FFX. FFX is a game I truly lost myself in, the world is so complex and immersive. I love the soundtrack to both.  * Silent Hill 2 - not so much on the vibrant visual style, but it does have a very distinct visual style. This is one of my all time favorites for the storyline alone. It was like reading a book I couldn't put down. It's the only Silent Hill game I love (I played the third and enjoyed playing it but it proved to be forgettable in the long run) and pretty much the only survival horror game I like.  * Assassin's Creed 2: the only game in the AC series I love (played the first and Brotherhood as well.) I got super sucked into this game. I LOVE the historical aspect, I'm a big fan of historical fiction so it really grabbed me. The gameplay in this is probably favorite, I absolutely love games with this type of gameplay like Tomb Raider and Prince of Persia.  * Mirror's Edge: same on the gameplay note above - I looooooooove the gameplay in this game and am seriously crazy about the visual style. Sleek, striking, defined color scheme, slightly futuristic.  * Katamari Damacy: duh  * Shadow of The Colossus: beautiful game. fun as fuck  * Fable series especially 1 and 2: love the story, love the gameplay  * Bioshock Infinite: my favorite of the Bioshock series. The story... I mean, wow. This game is art.  * Hotline Miami: honorable mention because I didn't actually play it, I watched someone play it and seriously seriously need to play it. I loved everything about it just from watching   thanks in advance for any recommendations! 
[final fantasy tactics, close range]	Some games I really enjoyed were: [One Way Heroics](http://, Fable, [Mercenary Kings](http://, Final Fantasy Tactics series (I enjoyed some of the main FF as well). I really like having a having clear advantage/disadvantages with certain race/classes and play styles.  Prefer 2d, oriental or fantasy settings, not really into sci-fi but I'm always willing to play if it seems fun. I tried Diablo II before and wasn't really into it, it felt kind of lonely. I like having companions in games, AI or real.  Also my pc isn't really powerful, I can play CS:GO/Street Fighter 4 at medium settings but something like Injustice or the new Batman games are a bit sluggish. I plan on either building a gaming pc or buying one from a friend in about 3-4 months though.  Thanks for taking the time to read this c:
[brutal legend, dawn of war, tropico 5, tropico 4, total war]	Getting a bit bored of the same games on my PS3, so I made a Steam account.  The games I currently have are:   Gone Home Year Walk Bioshock: Infinite Portal Portal 2 Goat Simulator   As of yet, I've only downloaded Goat Sim and Year Walk (I'm using a shared PC, but I'll be getting my own laptop in the next month or so), so I can't comment on how I like the others.  I enjoy third-person shooters (I loved The Last of Us and both inFAMOUS/inFAMOUS 2), adventure and action games, and occasionally indie games.  Thanks in advance for the suggestions! 
[deus ex, deus ex]	I love the flexibility that some games can give in how you can solve a conflict with a solution where you're not directly involved in combat but can use your wits instead - for example, using your wits to manipulate two enemies to fight each other instead of you in the civilization games. Another example is in Fallout New Vegas, you can literally talk the final boss out of fighting you and can make him surrender. I love having the flexibility of being able to mow down enemies when I want to, but also to be able to sneak, manipulate, or talk my way out of a conflict when I want to.  I heard fallout (the original one) and fallout 2 were great for this, but they were just  The UI, the combat, all of that. I looked into planescape torment and baldur's gate as well but they just seem too dated in so many ways for me to get into. From what I've seen, Wasteland 2 seems to be an up-and-coming modern game that allows you to do this, but that looks pretty clunky too - choppy repetitive animations, cluttered and confusing UI, etc. Are there any other games out there that give this flexibility?
[broken sword]	idk if this is the right sub for this, but I'm looking for some games my grand parents can play on their computer. currently they play hours upon hours of bejeweled 2 and book worm. like, I wouldn't be surprised if they've put 1000 hours into them. they don't have internet so anything requiring online connection is out the door. but they have a pretty strong modern computer, because they said they used it for games when they went to best buy, but they failed to mention it was just bejeweled. I just want to give them some variety and considering how much time they spend on it, some new games they enjoy could make a pretty huge impact on their life. any games similar or better would be excellent. I can download them from my computer and put them on my external hard drive and take them over, so that's not a problem. thanks a million in advance.
[mark of the ninja]	Hi,   I am huge fan of stealth games and after watching this [new game's trailer](https:// recently, I have the urge to play a stealth game now.      Specifically stealth games where you infiltrate the enemy's base, have a bit of openness and if possible, more vertical movement.      Games already played:      * Hitman (1-4)   * Thief triology (Not completed yet)   * Dishonored   * Deus Ex Human Revolution   * Assassin's Creed (1-5) (Not really a stealth game but the second &amp; third games in the franchise had lots of what I'm seeking, namely infiltration)   * I tried Chaos Theory but couldn't get into it.    Any suggestions ? 
[minecraft]	So I have a ton of free time on my hands as I'm a student who has the summer off and I am looking for a game to get lost in. Some of my past favorites have been Fallout 3 and New Vegas (probably my 2 favorite games), Elder Scrolls series, GTA 4 and 5, Red Dead Redemption (a close 2nd favorite to the Fallout series), Football Manager, Borderlands 1 and 2, Civilization series, LA Noire, Mass Effect series, Saints Row series, and the Far Cry series. The only series I really didn't enjoy was Bioshock (I know I'm crazy but it really didn't appeal to me). I'm really looking for a game that hooks me quickly and I can spend a ton of time playing and immerses me in an environment. Can you guys suggest me any games I might enjoy? I have a PC and a bunch of consoles so I'm not really limited by anything. 
[state of decay, tomb raider i, dead island , darksiders, fallout 3, out there]	I didn't know this subreddit existed until about 30 seconds ago, but hopefully you guys can help me out. I'm looking for a new adventure/RPG type game to play. I'll provide a list of types of games that I have really enjoyed in the past, as well as the systems that I currently own. Hopefully it'll give you guys some ideas of what I'm looking for. I would really appreciate it if you could help me out! Thanks a lot.   Systems:  - Xbox 360 - Xbox One - Wii U  Favorite Games:  - The entire Legend of Zelda series - Skyrim - Red Dead Redemption - The Last of Us  - Tom Raider (2013)
[dark souls, dead space]	I'm looking for games that have genuinely scary enemies. Not in the "spooky-looking" sense, or not in the "nightmarishly tough" sense. No, I'd like a game that makes me *fear* my opponent.  That probably points towards the horror/survival horror genre, but I'm curious whether or not this trope is present in other genres.   So, preferably avoiding the obvious examples like Amnesia, Slender, Silent Hill, what do you have?   If this needs narrowing down a bit, think of something that has scary, but beatable enemies.
[europa universalis iv, crusader kings 2, age of wonders 3, strategy games, civ]	I really like games that are either turn based or RTS, where you have to build up a civilization. The thing that always bugs me about Civ 5 is the AI. All the other countries act like spoiled brats (an example of this is: a friendly country will constantly ask you for free resources and make UN policies that hurt you, but as soon as you make a policy they don't agree with, they denounce and attack you.) are there any other games out there that have a better AI system while still being strategy (prefer turn base over RTS, but both work). Thanks for the help
[love love, diablo 3]	Hello people,     I've been playing path of exile and quite enjoyed my first hours, I loved the gem system and all the spell combinations.  My main problem is, once you get to endgame, the game becomes very grindy, and all the fun builds I see are locked behind hours of farm and trading for currency.      I'm looking for a game with the same diversity as poe, with its expansive gem system and spell combinations , but with the least grind possible, said diversity being easily accessible from the start. I'm even OK with cheating through if the game allows it.     The game can be an ARPG or anything else, although I'd prefer something more action-oriented. I'm not looking for competitive multiplayer, but coop is fine   I've already played : magicka, borderlands 2, torchlight II, dark souls I and II.  
[phoenix wright ace attorney]	Finished Umineko a few months back (and hated it, for the most part, but the actual mystery bits were pretty neat) and have been looking for something to fill the void.   Preferably a visual novel or point and click, but anything'll work as long as it fills me up with that sweet sweet mystery juice and makes my detective boner rock hard.  Because I know they'll be some of the more common suggestions, I've already played 999/VLR, Persona 4, and Higurashi, and I really dislike anything involving david cage.   Adventure games should be considered fair game, though, as I have little experience with and next to no knowledge of the genre.  Thanks for the help.
[mass effect]	I'm looking for RPGs that revolve around collecting certain end-of-level items. The only games I've played that have fallen into this category are Paper Mario, Paper Mario TTYD, Super Mario RPG, and Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic (kotor 2 might also have the same system, I haven't gotten to it yet). In these games, you're tasked with traversing the world to collect certain items (in pm, it's star spirits, in ttyd, it's crystal stars, kotor it's star maps). These items all reside in wildly different zones that you have to explore and oftentimes participate in the local culture (glitz pit in TTYD, sith academy in kotor). I don't know if I'm explaining what I want well enough but I'm looking for any RPG that has you going to varied environments to find artifacts in order to collect them all and get to/defeat the boss or whatever. If you have any questions, just let me know! Thanks in advance!
[star wars]	Hey guys, I normally play multiplayer games, but I've noticed I love single player games when they have an extremely connect cast. Halo:ODST and how the characters were like a band of brothers, mass effect series and all of your followers loyalties and such, fallout and your constant radio companion and interesting npcs, Bastion and the narrator, stuff like this. Can anyone recommend more single player games with a cast that makes it feel like you aren't really playing alone? Thanks. I have a 360/PC by the way.
[tropico 5]	My brother's birthday (25th, I'm 19) is coming up and I'd like to give him either a PC or 360 game. We currently play:  * Civilization 5 with Brave New World (HUGE hit at Christmas, still play it today) * Halo Wars * Avatar Golf (includes a course designer) * A little Halo 4 here and there * Roller Coaster Tycoon 1 and 2 * SimGolf  The game can also be ones like RCT and SimGolf, where you can easily play side-by-side together but separately and show each other what you build. My price range is probably capped at $15-$20, since I'd be buying for the two of us. I have a little less than 2 weeks so I could possibly wait for a sale. Any ideas? Creation is a huge plus, and getting to play those creations together is even better. 
[catch 'em]	I'm looking for a game where, with enough patience/grinding, it's entirely possible to unlock every single skill/item/character. Something like Rogue Legacy or Final Fantasy Tactics, where I can just mindlessly play until I've 100%'ed the game. (Disgaea and Dissidia: Final Fantasy gave me a LOT of fun in that regard. I like trying to get each character to the max level, and Path of Exile drove me INSANE! I'd pay as much as they wanted if I could unlock the entire skill tree!) and I don't like being locked out of certain options simply because I picked one over the other. (, skill tress, and not being unable to *completely* fill them out.)  So, Reddit, can you help me out?  EDIT: I almost forgot, bonus points if there's a job/class system that lets me level jobs independently of each other, (Much like Final Fantasy V) and swap between them freely.
[dungeon defenders, ace of spades, dungeonland, minecraft, guncraft]	Basically I'm looking for a game where I can build a fortress with turret defenses, funneling chambers, traps, soldier bunkers, and maybe vehicles. I want enemies to be able to assault my fortress whether they are  or real players. I've considered minecraft but it would require extensive modding for both myself and other plays and there's no enemy AI that could intelligently attack. Something similar to the Dawn of War games in how you can set up fields of fire and turrets and that level of micro control but also a building mode similar to minecraft or something. Is there anything like this or is it too specific?  TL;DR I want to build the Imperial Fortress from WH40K and defend it.
[full spectrum warrior]	I just finished The Bureau:XCOM Declassified the other day and really liked the combat system. Are there any other games like this on PC that I haven't played? Having level ups and skills is a plus, but not necessary. Old Rainbow Six games are probably too hardcore for me.  A list of similar games that I liked:  Rainbow Six Vegas 1-2  Mass Effect Trilogy  Brothers in Arms Trilogy  Freedom Fighters, though it's probably too dated by now.  Binary Domain and Spec Ops are also squad-based and I liked their stories, but the actual gameplay didn't feel tactical enough.  I didn't like the PC version of GRAW because the teammates response to your orders are quite slow and they have low self preservation instincts, which made the game really frustrating.  Edit: I just remembered playing the singleplayer campaign of Red Orchestra 2 and liking it, but it crashes so often that I didn't finish the game.
[xenonauts]	I've played a few other tactical strategy games, like *Fire Emblem* or *Final Fantasy Tactics.* They were pretty decent, but not quite what I was looking for. After finishing XCOM's *Enemy Unknown* campaign and being well into the *Enemy Within* campaign, I'm wondering if there will be any other games that could fill the inevitable hole in my heart that will be left after beating XCOM.  I'm looking for a game that preferably shares these features of XCOM:  -The 3D environment and the use of cover and destructible environments.   -The ability to pick and choose who to take on a mission, what gear to give them, etc.  -Highly customizable characters.   -Preferrably a modern or futuristic environment, but fantasy environment is okay if it's done well.   -Lots of synergy between characters.  -A good story is a plus, but not required.  Thanks for any and all suggestions!
[team fortress 2]	I have enjoyed online shooters from time to time, but have not tried any recent ones.  My limitations are that I am a casual solo player, so I am not going to invest tons of time, join a clan, or wear a headset for team play (I play at night and talking on a mic would keep my wife up).  My reflexes/skills/coordination are decent, but not amazing, so I'd like to avoid something where I am going to get continuously pwned by 12 year olds with crazy reflexes or a bunch of hardcore clans with uber gear. Something that rewards a thinking, tactics, and a deliberate playstyle over run-and-gun, twitch play would be perfect.  Thanks for any suggestions. 
[avernum: escape from the pit, divinity: original sin, planescape: torment, neverwinter nights, baldur's gate , in the dark, take down, bg2, bg2]	I've been playing a lot of Divinity Original Sin (D:OS) and I want to experience more of it when I finish. **Combat doesn't necessarily have to be turn based**, I'm more interested in the cRPG/freedom/exploration/story aspect of the game. I also really enjoy the fact that there's so much well written dialogue, and the minimal amount of voice acting I also like (partly because the voice acting is cringe worthy but also because I like imagining voices rather than hearing them).   I'm especially interested in old school games since that's supposedly what D:OS is inspired by and it's something I completely missed out on in my childhood. I've heard a lot about games like Balder's Gate and Neverwinter Nights and Planescape Torment but I have no idea what they play like or how similar they are to D:OS. They also strike as me the type of games that take a lot of time commitment to really get into so I'd prefer to get the choice right in the first place.  I want to say I've played most modern-ish similar games but I'd be happy to be surprised. The ones I've already played that come to mind are Dragon Age, SWKTOR, and Mass Effect. I'm also looking for **PC games only**, though I doubt cRPGs are popular on many other platforms anyway.  Edit: Many thanks for the responses, they've been really helpful. I'll probably look to try Baldur's Gate 2 next up, though it looks like I have a lot of games I need to experience!
[castlevania]	Games I've played (and loved) that I'd like to be considered:  -Metroid GBA games -Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories -Mega Man Battle Network series -Mega Man Zero series  I love the whole beat bosses, get upgrades way of Metroid and MM Zero, and I love the exploring/collection piece of KH and MMBN. The action in each of them is enjoyable, and I can't say I prefer one to another. If it helps, the Battle Network series is my favorite. I have a DS that I just dug out of an old drawer, and I'd like to find some games that feel like those old favorites again. Thanks in advance for any suggestions!
[hoi3, eu3]	I am looking for a new game to delve many hours into; something with a high learning curve is a plus. It can be rts or something turn based. I really only have experience with single player games like this, but all suggestions are welcome just make sure it's challenging.   I haven't played a strategy game in a while, but am looking to get back into it. I like r&amp;d / timeline-y games, maybe something scifi?  Some strategy games I enjoy: Zeus &amp; Poseidon, Empire Earth, Age of Empires II (my favorite one), Civ 5 (only played it a bit / was finishing up school)  As you can see, pretty outdated. What are some new, exciting, gorgeous games?! 
[planetary annihilation, planetary annihilation, rollercoaster tycoon, total annihilation, total annihilation, supreme commander, supreme commander, transport tycoon, anno 2070, starcraft, starcraft, starcraft, starcraft, simcity]	Hi.  I've been playing video games since 1994 and ever since I can remember I've always played action games or multiplayer FPS. I finally decided to broaden my perspective as a gamer and I'm looking to get into the RTS genre as well as into economic strategy. The problem is I have no idea where to start, the only strategic games I've ever played were from HoMM series (with II being my favorite), but these are turn based.  Could someone recommend some fun games that would help me with getting into the genre? Keep in mind that these games doesn't necessarily have to be easy as far as gameplay is concerned, what matters is that the game itself is fun.
[tera]	Please don't turn this into a flamewar about keyboard mouse / gamepad. I have a condition to where I have to use a controller and I realize that KB/M is much faster / more accurate so games like battlefield/cod are probably nogos.  I tried titanfall and it felt alright (did they add some sort of aim-assist on pc?)  SO I'm looking for fun, online multiplayer games (more so PVP) where using a controller puts you at the least disadvantage over a KB/M. I know probably almost all of them the KB/M is better, but any games that limit it more than others?  Thanks!
[thomas was alone]	I'm still relatively new to PC gaming and am looking for game suggestions. Specifically, I really enjoy casual, entertaining, fairly short, story-driven games. I like to relax when playing PC games and have found that the commitment of RPGs with 30+ hour story-lines too daunting with my current work schedule and amount of free time.  Some examples of games I really enjoy include Telltale Games's Walking Dead and Wolf Among Us series, the Monkey Island series, Braid, Bastion, and Limbo off the top of my head.   What are some other similar games that I could play in my free time? 
[torment: tides of numenera, divinity: original sin, pillars of eternity, grim dawn]	I've always been an avid PC gamer since my family got its first PC back when I was in my teens (I'm 32 now).  In the last year I've bought a home and some property and have started to pursue my dream life of having a small homestead. Home ownership and managing the property have been huge responsibilities to get used to, and although I still seem to have a lot of free time, my interest in gaming seems to have taken a plunge into the abyss. They just don't seem to hold the same level of interest as they used to. I don't know if this is because they're just kind of lame compared to my old favourites, or because something has fundamentally changed in my brain as a result of 'growing up', for lack of a better term.  In the hope that it's more the former than the latter, I'm hoping to get some suggestions for some great games that I may not have tried yet. To give you all an idea of the types of games I like, here's a list of some of my favourites:  RPGs: Baldur's Gate etc. (any Infinity Engine game); TES Morrowind, Oblivion, and Skyrim; Dragon Age; Fallout series; Diablo 2/3; Mass Effect series; the Witcher series  Strategy: Total War series games; Starcraft; 4x games like HOMM3, Age of Wonders, etc.; Civilization 4/5; Europa Universalis  Other great games that stick out in my mind: the Homeworld series; King of Dragon Pass; Children of the Nile; FTL; RimWorld; Minecraft.  I own a LOT more titles than that, but that's a good example of some of my favourite games. I've tried a ton and just don't seem to develop any real interest in them, and end up going back to one of these titles... but even that's getting old.  I'd love to hear some great suggestions for games I should try (if I haven't already). I love gaming, I just seem to be in a bit of a dry spell. Help a brother out!  **tl;dr in a bit of a dry spell with regard to interest in gaming, looking for suggestions of great PC games**  Edit: first posted to /r/truegaming until I realized that's not the place for my request. I deleted that post.
[ultima online, this game, runescape]	Things I liked about RS   * all skills leveled independently, you can get 99 strength without even touching defence  * no skill trees, you hit level 40 and you can use Rune weapons regarding that skill, or catch that specific fish, use that specific prayer etc.  * not focused on combat exclusively, you could never partake in any combat and still enjoy the game  * primary, secondary, tertiary skills linked together well (fishing -&gt; cooking, mining -&gt; smithing -&gt; combat)  * extensive quest system with actual stories not "kill 500 goblins please"  * Making 'pures', not leveling one stat effectively made your others stronger for your level (until EOC ruined this)   My favorite aspect of the game was making pures, for what it's worth.  I know oldschool runescape/2007scape exists but I'm looking for other games similar to this.
[the walking dead, strategy games, hotline miami, battlefield 3, bad company, civ]	I got a new computer about a week ago, and I'm looking for suggestions as to what to play on it. This is the first computer I've had with the capabilities to play games fro this decade, and I'm a little overwhelmed with choices. I'd appreciate suggestions from any genre, I'm just looking to play games I've only been able to see like [this](http://  So far I've played Assassin's Creed 4, Saint's Row 3, and Bioshock Infinite. I'm downloading Dishonored right now, but after that I'm really not sure what other games I should play. It's a bit too much to handle when I haven't played a new triple A release since 2005.  Edit: Just to clarify, I'm by no means new to PC gaming, I just haven't had the ability to play newer games with my old computer.
[shin megami tensei: devil survivor overclocked, xcom: enemy unknown, x-com: ufo defense, the banner saga, ghost recon]	Fire Emblem was one of the first games I got on my 3DS, I loved it, and it is the first game of its type I have ever played. (btw what is its genre technically? Turn based rpg?) Since then I have played Pokemon Conquest and it is very similar in style. loved it too.   So I am looking for a few suggestions for another high quality similar game for 3DS, and I would also like a game to start on either my PS3 or PC that is also that style.   I really like the team aspect of the games, so try to focus on that. Thanks!
[asheron's call]	After watching [this episode](http:// of Adventure Time, I've decided I want to play a game (Or games) similar to it. Something where you, er, well - adventure, collect loot, better your character, and are put up against harder and harder obstacles (Enemies mostly).  Don't really have many other requests besides that. The idea behind the episode is just something that I've always really liked and after watching it yesterday I've been itching to play something like it.  [Trailer](https://;t=9s).
[danganronpa, ghost trick]	Moving the thread to this one. Didn't even know there were subreddits to this specification!   I just got done playing Song of Saya, and it left me wanting to play some more visual novel games. Google isn't turning up the most reliable searches, so I thought I'd ask the good people here for help. I'm mostly looking for ones that will give me some really good laughs, or are scary and disturbing like Song of Saya. They can be visual novels or dating sims, or some third option, I don't mind either, as long as they fit the two themes.  I've played the Zero Escape and Ace Attorney series as well.  Thank you for taking the time to read this!
[mass effect]	Ok here's the deal, I'm kinda new to gaming. I've avoided it for a long time because it seemed that most games these days are fps and I really don't like those. I get confused and frustrated.   Basically I'm looking for something rpg but in 3rd person and preferably something not medieval themed. I recently bought my console and have so far enjoyed playing Arkham City and Fable 3. I will soon buy GTA 5 and Watch Dogs looks pretty interesting too, so I'm excited about that.   I'm also looking for turn based strategy games like Tropico and Civilization, both of which I've already played on my PC before I bought the 360.  Any suggestions you guys have will be greatly appreciated, so thanks in advance.
[dungeon defenders ]	I hope this is the best place to post this question. I recently got my girlfriend into gaming and I need some suggestions of games so that she can ease into harder games. She really enjoys games like World of Warcraft and Skyrim, but they are a little overwhelming for her. I have to hold her hand the entire time in order for her to play them.  I need some recommendations of games that she could play, but are related to the themes of games that she has played and likes: Swords and Magic (Lord of the Rings, WoW, Skyrim), Adventure (Spryo, Crash Bandicoot), Puzzle (Portal). She is not crazy about thinking games, though she enjoyed Portal quite a bit. Anything that doesn't require a lot of planning and thinking that she can just dive right in and play would be perfect!  Edit: She also adores the Kingdom Hearts series!
[dead space]	I am looking for a REALLY good looking futuristic (I WANT MY LASERS) FPS or TPS game.   My requirements are that:    * It needs to be a shooter * It needs to look really good (Looking for a modern game) * It needs to look futuristic. (Needs to have lasers or laser like weapons) * It needs to play on the PC * It needs to have a Single player mode.  As a FYI, I already have ME1-3 and Planetside 2 would fit my requirements if it wasn't for the lack of single player.   Thanks for your time, and sorry if the post comes across as needy. I suddenly have a gaming crave, and I am trying to fill it.
[dark souls]	I've grown up a gamer, starting with the PS2 and GBA as my first systems, and have probably logged thousands of hours across various systems. I used to be able to sit down and just play games for 8-10 hours no problem, but now, Its like I cant play longer than 20 minutes without getting bored and wanting something different.  I'm looking for games to bring that back, something I can sit and play for hours without a dull moment, for PC preferrably.   Some of my favorites include: Skies of Arcadia: Legends Pokemon series Fire Emblem Path of Radiance Pikmin Super Mario Sunshine Fallout 3/NV Diablo 2 NFS:U2 Binding of Isaac Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance 2   Any suggestions would be appreciated. Help me get interested in my favorite hobby again.
[gta: san andreas, saints row 2, saints row 4, over the top, saints row 3, step up, sr2, sr2, sr2, sr2]	Last year I got her Red Dead Redemption, and It's quickly become her favorite game of all time.  Games She Really Likes: Half Life Series, Fallout Series, Just Cause 2, Skate Series, Skyrim (but significantly less then Fallout), GTA V, Red Dead Redemption, Walking Dead Series.  Games She Sorta Likes: Call Of Duty Campaigns  Games She Doesn't Like: Halo Series, Assassin's Creed II (got it on recommendation for Christmas, and we both hate it), BioShock Series (although she never really given them a try, IMO), Borderlands Series, Dark Souls Series, Portal Series.  It seems to me she likes games with open-world exploration, a sense of adventure, story and choices. She seems to like it when game play is streamlined and doesn't take any particular skill to master on easy.  So I was thinking maybe  Noire, a Saints Row Game or a Far Cry Game?  Any advice whether any of these fit the bill, or other games worth checking out?  Thanks.
[survival mode, garry's mod]	Before anyone says anything, no I don't want to play minecraft (In fact I played it enough). Like I said in the title I'm looking for a game that revolves around crafting/building and such. I don't want to be specific so If the game contains any of the following I'm cool with it:  - voxel based   - survival type   - early access  - f2p - multiplayer - story focused  Again I want to be very vague with it so I get as many recomendations as possible, *but* I have no problem if the game contains any of the above.  
[crusader kings 2, game of thrones, fire and ice, this game]	Hi,  I've been replaying *Jade Empire* recently, and while I am having fun, the morality system is really letting me down. It seems my only options are to be the savior of all mankind or a rude, obnoxious asshole. Half of the work (and half of the fun) of being a real villain, though, is convincing the people you're fucking over that you're really a nice guy. I remember games like *Torment* allowing a much more nuanced approach to things. Does anyone have an example of a game that will let me be the "guile villain" that I want, rather than a slavering barbarian?
[eat it]	I want to play an open world survival game but I want it to have these traits:   - Non-horror (I don't mind if there is an unsettling feeling, but no jumpscares)   - Day and Night   - Building things to keep you alive (Shelter, fire, water)   - No human enemies (zombies, savages, etc. I don't mind animals that I have to defend myself from like bears.)   This is kind of specific, but a game I could compare this to is 'The Forest' . The only thing I don't like about it is the savages that attack you. So a game like 'The Forest' minus the scary bits. 
[katawa shoujo]	I'm looking for any type of game that will invoke strong feelings. A game that really touches you and makes you both think and feel, that affects you in other ways than just being entertaining. In what way doesn't really matter, I just want a game to serve as strong escapism. It can either be through a touching story, an amazingly well built world, an interesting and complex character, incredibly well made gameplay paired with equally well made music or anything else really as long as it's touching.  I want to feel empty after finishing the game, just like you feel after an amazing book or movie. I want it to just completely grip me for the duration and have me unable to let go until the credits start rolling, at which point I want to have a hurricane of confused and conflicting feelings to sort through. It's kind of hard to describe this type of feeling I'm looking for, especially since I'm not even sure how many can relate to it. But if you can, which games have done this to you?  Titles I'm thinking about trying right now:  **Valdis Story** for the art, gameplay and music. However, I'm afraid the story will leave me underwhelmed.  **Dust: An Elysian Tail** - Seems promising, but I'm not a fan at all of the art which might hinder my enjoyment  **Transistor** - Gameplay seems lacking, just like in Bastion I guess. I love Bastion for other reasons though, will this feel rehashed?  **The Wolf Among Us** - The Walking Dead had amazing writing, but I could never fully love it due to a mix of gameplay, some of the writing and the art style. It did give me the feeling I'm looking for in the end though, so maybe this is worth a try?
[civ]	Hey guys,  Fresh out of college, I've recently moved back in with my parents while looking for a job. My gaming PC is in storage, so all I have here is my dad's computer and my iPad. I'm looking for a single-player game that will run on pretty low specs, is ideally long and can be played while listening to an audiobook or a podcast or something.  To give an idea of the specs, I can't run League of Legends on low with a satisfactory framerate. I'm primarily looking for new-ish games, as I've played most of the "classics"; Baldur's Gate, Deus Ex, Fallout Series, but I haven't played a lot of indie games or similar except for Jazzpunk which ran just fine and was amazing.  Please help me, gamingsuggestions!
[vampire: the masquerade - bloodlines]	Hi, I've already played a lot of RPG and now I'm looking for a game with very defined classes, just like Oblivion where every class has strenghts and weaknesses, and the choice influences your approach to the game (combat-oriented/stealth/dialogues and combinations of these). Something similar is Fallout 3/NV, but I've already played them, and the FF serie, Mass Effect, Skyrim and Dishonored aswell. Also I'm not really looking for MMORPG or dark fantasy games like Diablo, PoE and Gothic. Thanks for the help!
[bulletstorm]	I'm looking for games where combat can be total chaos. Games where it gets so crazy, you don't know whether to shit your pants out of fear or because you're having such a good time.  Examples: I'm replaying the Mass Effect series, and in the Overlord DLC, there's a section where it's just Shepard, no squad mates. Usually I play on normal or easy difficulty, but I kicked it up to hardcore this time. I'm crouched behind a wall at the back of a small room because some Geth are on their way up in an elevator. My plan was to take them out from a distance while they slowly made their way to me. Well as soon as the elevator gets there, a Geth Destroyer immediately charged at me, jumped the wall I was taking cover behind, and started wailing on me. I've never had that happen before. It threw me so off guard that I almost shit myself. We played a game of "Ring Around the Rosie" with the wall and a column until I could subdue the bastard, and during that fight, I again wanted to shit myself, but this time it was because I was having so much fun.   The last time I almost double defecated like that was Fallout 3. Fast traveling to Rockbreaker's Last Gas is a guaranteed shit show. As soon as you show up, the Enclave stationed there go ape-shit on you, and if I'm not mistaken, they even have a pet Deathclaw, who just wants to hug everyone, but the poor guy accidentally kills in the process. Then some mutants show up and some Brotherhood Outcasts happen to be in the area. Before long it turns into Slaughter Central. There's fire and explosions everywhere, it's every man for themselves, your companions are all shell shocked, and by the end of it all, your pants are covered in shit. You know how the sewer line busted, but can't decide if fear or fun was to blame.
[this game]	Hey fellow gamers,  I've been feeling like a change of pace lately, and I so now I've got to thinking, I'd like to play a game where I get to be a soldier in the front lines of an army fighting for some purpose, but with a sort of progression system in place to make me more potent as the game progresses.  Doesn't matter what kinda army either, could be Scandinavian or Feudal Japanese, that'd be cool too  I know this is a bit specific, but I reckon the more description the better, I have faith in you.  Cheers
[amnesia: the dark descent]	Any suggestions are welcomed but i'd prefer one that can be obtained for PC. thanks in advance  **edit:** someone raised a good point and so I'll list one's I've played/liked. I've played Amnesia, some of a Machine for Pigs, Outlast, Outlast DLC, Silent Hill 2, Silent Hill: Downpour (no bueno), RE 4, RE 5, RE 6, Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth  I've definitely played more than this over the many years but these stand out to me. I've played mostly survival horror games (bordering on action games as time goes on), but I really like the defenseless kind the most (cuz it scares the absolute hell out of me) the problems is there aren't all that many *GOOD* amnesia inspired games (hell even the sequel wasn't a very good amnesia inspired game beyond the concept).  Someone mentioned Scratches which I've never heard of but will look into. Any more suggestions more than welcomed, thanks.
[fable ii]	I'm dying for something fun to play (and addicting) that's easy to play.   =  Here's what I've been recently playing   - Dark Souls series  - Ninja Gaiden Series   - Naruto Ultimate Ninja Series  - Final Fantasy Series   =  Anything that's action packed/third person/roleplaying?   =  I'm looking for anything **without guns** I'm very bored of gun games. I'd like something in the medieval times (if possible)   =  Edit : Guys no games with first person at all (ALL THIRD PERSON) I've already played the elder scrolls series fyi. 
[mario kart, wii u, wii u]	Hello /r/gamingsuggestions--  I'm looking for a video game console to purchase and play in my fraternity house. Two guys in our house have an Xbox One and an Xbox 360, but I want something I can play in my room by myself, or with friends, without having to ask someone first. Using it as a music player is also a great plus.  I don't want to spend too much money, but I am willing to pay a little bit more to get somethign cool. That being said, money is a huge factor in deciding... Since I'm not to picky about which console, I basically want the cheapest, best.  My options I have are:  - Xbox 360 (System Link) - PS3 -Wii -Wii U - Amazon Fire TV (not the best system, but appealing).  I'm kind of leaning toward the Wii/Wii U because people will find that fun while intoxicated (Drunk Mario Kart!). But the pricing seems a little steep for what they are.  Opinions?
[metro: last light, bioshock]	Hey folks! Hoping you might help me out and suggest me some new games to try  What i am looking for: a good SINGLE PLAYER (zero interest in multiplayer) first person shooter, not historic ( no call of duty, medal of honor, etc), and not sandboxy ( borderlands, farcry, etc) - im looking for a very simple "go from A to B to C" shooter  Examples of what im looking for: Wolfenstein New Order,  Half life 2,  Doom 3 (though i am not a fan of "jump scares"),  Singularity,  Bioshock (1/2/infinite/etc)  Many thanks in advance!  Edit: PC games
[bioshock]	Sup!  I'm trying to find a game to distract myself from some mundane problems and stress.  Mostly I play CSGO but in the past I did enjoy a wide variety of games.  Games such as  * Freelancer (one of my all-time favorites) * Mass Effect 1&amp;2 (havn't found an RPG that beat it yet) * Dragon Age: Origins * GTA 4 * Mafia 2 * Red Dead Redemption (incredible setting) * Assassins Creed: Brotherhood * KOTOR 1&amp;2 (as a Star Wars fan, that was one of the best gaming experiences ever) * SWTOR (except for the boring grindy/leveling part) * Jade Empire  were incredible and like a good book, I couldn't put it down until I absolutely needed to.  Stuff I tried:  * Dishonored (not motivated to play after the first few missions, I don't know why, maybe because you have to complete missions all by yourself all the time) * Skyrim (got pretty far but I don't know either, too much stuff to do, lost motivation half way through the story) * Metro 2033 (I played it through and it was awesome, but you were alone way too much) * The Walking Dead series (It's OK, but a bit too much like a movie, read not enough interactions) * Sleeping Dogs (awesome game, but not quite what I'm searching for)  I also hugely enjoyed flicks such as How to Train your Dragon and Firefly / Serenity. I also liked Community and How I met your Mother. I hope I could paint a clear picture of what I'm searching for. Mainly I want to find a game that has companions with character developments.  What I own but havn't really started yet:  * Deus Ex: Human Revelations * Far Cry 3 * Bioshock: Infinite * Tomb Raider (the new one)  Should I try out stuff like Divinity: Original Sin? Is it worth it to invest into the full price or should I stay patience until the price goes down a little? I normally tend to only buy games, especially single-player, when it's so old that I can buy it for more or less under 10 Euros.  But right now I don't care so much about money, but more about having a distraction.  Ah and also, the graphics shouldn't be too out-dated... I'd say anything better than Jade Empire would be OK.  Thanks for your time, guys.
[hotline miami]	Hey, just wanted to pop my head in for some suggestions.  I love mobility in games. Mirror's Edge, Tribes, Spiderman, Crackdown, etc. (Note that all of these have mobile *characters* instead of vehicles) When I play MOBAs, I favor mobile characters. When I play FPSs, I choose a light run and gun kit (mostly). I especially love games like Bayonnetta, Vanquish, etc. where the mobility doesn't directly come from being fast, but from skillful mastery ( Cloudbuilt, Speedrunners). Speedruns like Half Life, Sonic 06, etc where it can actually become ridiculous.  So, I ask you, any suggestions for games in which I can go fast/have a lot of mobility options in or outside of combat? Games where you felt like your movements became swift and masterful. Bonus points for PC.
[dragon age: origins]	Pretty much exactly what I want is in the title. I want a game with really heavy character customization (not necessarily in how the character looks, but absolutely for character skills, abilities, etc.)  A few points before you guys start suggestions:  * It needs to be fantasy * I've played the ever-loving hell out of the Elder Scrolls series. * I'd prefer something with good story, but I don't particularly care * Please don't make me play oblivion or morrowind again  **Edit** I ended up just getting Divinity: Original Sin. I caved. I'm sorry. I'll still probably try out all your suggestions. I just couldn't resist the temptation. 
[cave story+]	I'm going on a 19+ hour family trip very soon, and I am bringing my laptop, it's not the best, but it can still run most of last year's games smoothly and we have a car charger-&gt;AC Adapter so I'll have a constant power supply. I would like to know if there are any games you guys like that don't need Wi-Fi &amp; aren't as intensive as SRIV Sandboxing on Ultra graphics. Also, in a small addition, money is not an issue, so fire away!   Thanks :D  Edit: I am installed and ready, thank you all for your wonderful suggestions!
[give up]	I played wow from opening day to just before the release of wotlk and absolutely loved it. Looking for a comparison to the ff XIV realm reborn. I have only been playing dota2 for a year+ and need a change but want to stick with an mmo. Is the money worth it?  I will be starting out playing by myself but i dont mind questing and grinding by myself im sure i will find people to play with.  My final...stipulation... is there a lfr system or anything like that i truthfully thought wow made its demise with that  and the combined servers.  Thanks
[fire emblem: awakening, rune factory 4, harvest moon, pick up]	I'm strongly considering buying a used 3DS and up until now, I've never given the system much thought so I'm really out of the loop as far as games go.  My favorite genres are RPGs as well as Simulation games (Tycoon/management/business).  I'd like to hear your recommendations on some must play games whether they are RPGS, Sims or anything else.  Thanks :)  I'm already leaning heavily towards Bravely Default.  I know that it's a JRPG from Square and looks a lot like FF Tactics and even has a town building feature...?  Sold.  As for sim games, I'm not sure what's out there.  I found Animal Crossing on DS to be a little tedious, but I know of Tomodachi Life and maybe Rune Factory 4?  What else is there in this genre?
[nosferatu]	Or maybe that's not limited to RPG games, that's fine too. Anyway, what I'm looking for might not exist, so keep that in mind. It doesn't have to encompass everything I specify here, but I want something in the same general direction as I'll vaguely describe. I should also mention that I've not played a lot of RPGs, nor many games for that matter, so don't hesitate to give obvious suggestions as well as any others you might have had in mind. Chances are that I've not played it.    Of the RPGs that I have played, however, they always seem to pride themselves in offering a variety of character customizations, classes, skills, crafting, companions, etc, but never do they vary your *role*, which is the part I'm most interested in. I want to play a game multiple times *for varying stories*, not for being a mage once then a warrior, or being an herbalist first then a thief, etc.    I want to play a game where the choices I make actually affect the path I'm driven down, without that path being irrelevant. I don't want to play a game that has one *real* storyline in a sea of side quests. I want multiple main storylines that are each viable whether or not they interact with other story elements in the game. Essentially, I want to play in a game of opportunity cost.   Not something like me insulting a farmer so I can't sweet talk him into giving me crops for a side quest kind of thing, but me insulting someone who has a key to building that I will be locked out of forever because of my choices. If the game ends with me dying to some hobo in a back-alley bar then so be it. Whether or not is has to be that permanent or challenging doesn't matter and is not the point. That point is I want things to matter and affect main story lines. And I'm not saying that I want every side quest to be purposeful. By all means, have the standard side quests and all the flair that they entail, but make me feel like a *participant* in the story rather than simply being along for the ride doing busywork in-between.    For example, I recently played *Dragon Age: Origins* and found that there was one main storyline that was absolute (though I'm not finished yet, but I haven't managed to change it in any way so far). When I chose to be a mage, the game started by having my mentor mages threaten to kill me if I didn't succeed in my first mission (which was a trip to the Fade, the demon realm basically, that acted as a tutorial for how to play the game), but I found out through trial and error that it's impossible to fail *and progress* through the choices offered in that part the game. I can stand there and die and make no headway, but I can't simply lose the game. I can't make a deal with the demons that would fool others. I can't do anything other than succeed and be taken to the same place to do the same thing every time. I have to be the hero, the chosen one, and I have to follow the script.    If the only way for me to break away from the main storyline in a game is to not actually play the game, then I can go enjoy myself more by reading reading stories in books. I'm looking for variety and consequences, something dynamic.   Here are a couple of oversimplified mspaint pictures of what I am not, and what I am looking for:  [What I am *not* looking for](http:// - One main storyline that you can't stray from no matter what with nothing changing that fact.   [What I am looking for](http:// - Varied paths, different potential ends, possible intersection of certain storylines, no real or definite way to actually "win".   And please don't get bogged down in the specifics of this post. Hopefully it gives an general idea of what kind of game I am looking to play.   Thanks in advance to any and all suggestions.
[assassins creed, run away]	I've just completed Mirror's edge.  I appreciate that Parkour and Tomb Raider style platforming might be the initial recommendation but what I took away from the game is an experience I haven't had for a long time, just running away from shit.  Here's a few example of other games with a similar vibe that might give you a better idea of what I'm after, I appreciate this is a very niche fetish so if you don't get it, its understandable:  - Left for Dead 2 VS Mode Rushing - self explanatory for those who have played VS but its nothing like Co-Op for those who haven't.  The emphasis is on quick decision making between making distance progress and risking it to thin out the crowd a little or high priority targets.  Easy to make bad decisions but I just love that high tension everything is on your ass fear that you have to overcome to make a more sensible quickfire decision (and also seeing that same fear in others).  - Guild Wars 1 Droknar Runner - this was early in Vanilla but the concept was basically running through a zone (5-20 minutes) with some of the toughest mobs in the game to transport low level characters to a place they could buy the best armour.  This was probably the best running experience I've had as it relied on Guild Wars excellent skill system for you to tackle the debuffs/attacks from a variety of mobs that were early on boosted by the devs to slow/discourage runners.  With nerfs to the run when the runner market was too saturated every 2 months or so, coming up with new ways to complete the run was the most challenging and satisfying experience I've had so I would expect nothing like this ever again.  I'm just hoping for that adrenaline rush, once you've started the run, there is no possibility of a pause or break, a split second bad decision will screw up the whole run.  It's more than just that though, I'm hoping for an ex-runner to give me something.  - Anarchy Online Fixer - just throwing this in for no reason but flavour/concept.   Mission Running was never as high tension or challenging as any of the above but I loved the whole character concept that I've never seen in any other RPG or MMO where speed was the characters defining strength.  NOTE: Please no bit trip runner or mobile style runner games.
[rogue legacy, dark souls, roguelike]	Lately I've been buying a lot of games that don't quite match my expectations, for better and worse. Wolfenstein was one of my most anticipated games and after buying it, I just didn't enjoy it that much. I never finished it. Rogue Legacy on the other hand I bought as an impulse purchase and honestly expected to regret it, but I'm hooked. I love it.  This is happening more and more. Every now and then a game that I wasn't looking forward to pops up and I enjoy it, and the games I can't wait for just disappoint me. The reason this is a problem is because it's starting to become a pretty expensive way of doing things. I can't afford to keep buying big games I don't want to play.  When I was younger I used to be able to tell if I'd like a game from just a few screenshots or a few seconds of gameplay with almost 100% accuracy. As I get older I'm finding it harder and harder to identify my tastes. When I look at a list of my favourite games, there seems to be nothing that they all share. There are story driven games, there are games with no story, hard games, easy games, casual games, multiplayer games, single player games etc.  Demos seem to be few and far between these days, so I really need to nail this down. Do I just play it safe and wait for big sales on all games I want, or is there I way I can identify if I'll truly enjoy a game before I've played it? And how should I go about trying to define my tastes so I don't keep making the same mistakes?
[final fantasy xiv]	I played  maplestory since 2008 and has finally decided to move on, so I'm looking for a similar game. does not matter of it's 2d or 3d. Currently I'm playing gw2 but I dislike the fact that you have to run everywhere to get a little exp and it dosen't encourage grinding and making high end items. Also playing some tera which I dislike about how there is so many skills to use and the order at which they have to be used for maximum damage. So I'm looking for an mmo that has a certain level of grinding ,gives the satisfaction of crafting items and trade/sell it to others in a market. Also, I'm used to the str,int,dex and clear skill point add on from each level. So I guess the most important thing for me is clear game mechanics unlike gw2.
[tower of guns]	I love games of the sort of Quake/UT. Especially single player. I was wondering if there were any games that have this gameplay that i don't know about.   I have currently played: Quake(franchise)  Unreal(franchise)  Doom(franchise, excluding 3. Is 3 worth it to play?)  Painkiller(franchise)  Wrack  Tribes(franchise)  All the shadow warrior games  Hard Reset  Epigenisis  Serious Sam(franchise)  After these games, are there any fast-paced action games? Preferably with multiple weapons, varying difficults, well designed levels, and just a fun to play game in general?
[planetside 2, this game]	I don't really play FPSs, as I really don't enjoy the 'arena' feel that are in games like CoD, etc.  however, I was recently over at a friends house and he showed my Insurgency, and while it still wasn't quite to my taste, I still enjoyed it quite a lot because it required a lot of communications between players to set up strategies, resulting in slow but rewarding confrontations with the enemy team.  So I was wondering, are there any large scale (I'm thinking lots of players on two or more teams, on big maps) shooting games where I can work with other players on a team to complete objectives and have fun? I want to try something that's very strategic, where one cant just run around flinging lead like a gladiator. An FPS is preferable.  Thanks!
[warlock: master of the arcane, total annihilation: kingdoms, roller coaster tycoon 3, prison architect, endless space, dawn of war, minecraft, rimworld, rimworld, sim city, civ]	Hello, I love Tycoon, City Building, Resource Management, and RTS games, and I'm looking for one I haven't played before... At this point I've played a lot, but maybe there is one I haven't played or haven't heard of.  I'm not looking for browser based games or mobile games that require lengths of real time to wait for something to be built or finished (no Farm-vile clones, or things like Stronghold Kingdoms)  Games I've played (not in any order): Pharaoh, Caesar, Age of Empires (1-3), Rise of Nations (and Rise of Legends), Empire Earth (1-2), Roller Coaster Tycoon (1-2), Game Dev Tycoon, Tropico 4, Sim City (2-4), Civ 5, Star Craft (1-2), Warcraft (1-3), Evil Genius, Mount and Blade (all 3), Sins of a Solar Empire (original and Rebellion), Total War Games (Medieval 1-2, Rome, and Shogun 2), Stronghold (Crusader and Legends), Supreme Commander, Command and Conquer (Red Alert 2, Tibirurm War 3, Generals) 
[the stanley parable]	In games you (almost) always get perfect information about everything. Unit health, a HUD with all the info about yourself and your equipment and your enemy. Exactly how much damage a gun does. Exactly how the tech tree works.  What are some games that satisfactorily and realistically KEEP information from you, or present it the way it would be in the real world. Games where you (or your character) think you know something until you test it and find out otherwise.  Basically, where Bayesian analysis applies. You never know anything 100%, including knowledge about what you know.  Also applicable, games where the raw numbers are hidden and you just get subjective terms... Unit health = "Unscathed, Roughed up, Frazzled, Broken" instead of HP/Morale = 100%/100% | 80%/100% | 100%/75% | 10%/10%" respectively.  Any genre, video games, board games, simulations. I'm just curious about it from a philosophical perspective (you could say) how it could or has been pulled off.
[divinity: original sin]	**I don't want to make this a debate about Early Access itself, that is not the point of this post or appropriate to this sub.**  Personally I choose not to play Early Access games.  But a *lot* come out that sound really interesting to me, but because I don't get them in Early Access they tend to fall off my radar and I forget about them.  Basically I'm looking for gems (of any genre or style) I may have missed because I ignored their Early Access phase.  (For clarity I am referring specifically to Steam's Early Access program)
[strategy games, know how]	Hello, I have a muscle disease that greatly limits my mobility, to the point where the only games I can play are ones like Diablo, path of exile, Hearthstone, faster than light, X COM, Civilization, etc  What are some other good games that only require the use of a mouse (a laptop trackpad, at that. A mouse like the Razer Naga won't work), would you recommend?  I am not only limited to a trackpad, however, I use a program called Dragon NaturallySpeaking which allows me to use voice commands in the case I have to press a single key (I also use the on-screen keyboard as well). The only drawback to this is, I cannot commend it to hold down the key, or rapidly tap a key because there is about a half second delay between me saying a command, to it actualy happening. So games with quick time events will be harder for me to play.  Any suggestions on MMO's will be greatly appreciated as well, because I used to play Guild wars about seven years ago and I only had to use a mouse because I can click on the skills I wanted to use as well as it having an auto attack feature.
[resident evil 6, this game]	I'm testing the waters with a YouTube reviewer character I've been working on (yeah, I know, who hasn't at this point) but I feel that the character is unique enough that he'll have his own voice (again, nothing new.)  My question is, what are some of the worst games YOU'VE ever played? Not Wikipedia's ranking of games notable for negative reception, games that are terrible to you. Example: I really dislike Borderlands 2 and I'll be reviewing that on the show. However, Aliens Colonial Marines is another I have a lot to say about, despite it's notoriety in the gaming community.   So, I would love to see your suggestions, try some new content and understand the intensity behind some games. What game, and why do you hate it?
[don't starve, unreal world, this game, this game, know how, sci-fi]	So I was playing Battlefield and running through a very tree covered part of the map with a sniper.  It got me thinking how funny it would be to hunt and survive in the wilderness with maybe a friend playing with me.  Sniping animals and setting traps.  Is there any open world survival wilderness games.  I'd prefer third and first person.  I don't mind games like don't starve but I'm going for realism.  It doesn't have to be multiplayer or have snipers, it can be just be bow and arrows.  Sadly my computer is very limited so The Forest is not available.  Nor Arma with animal mods and what not.  If there aren't any, and I assume not because of how inconveniently specific this is, does anyone know of any game son development?  References to the kind of gameplay in going for:  Red Dead Redemption- Hunting in the forest an placing traps with friends MW2- The challenge where you snipe enemies is the snowy forest   Any game that has some if these things would be great.  Obviously I don't expect a game to have all the things a I want, but does anyone have and good coop hunting/survival games? Thanks
[civ]	So I'm looking for some games to play while on the couch watching a movie or something.  Preferably with no mouse control at all, outside of menus etc/ or only if timing is unimportant, like a LucasArts point and click.  Some of my favorites already are Within a Deep Forest, Knytt games, Spelunky, An Untitled Story, Cave Story, Super Meat Boy, IWBtG, DinoRun, and most of the LucasArts games.  Now most of those are metroidvania/platform games, but I'm certainly interested in any other genre too. Preferably no emulator games since I'm aware of most of those.  Thanks for any suggestions.
[dota 2, lol]	So, I recently quit playing LoL thanks to the community. I really love the game, honestly. I did not quit for any reason to do with the game itself, I had so much fun with every minute of the game up until the very ending. And the online community here at reddit is great. The subreddits dedicated to LoL are amazing. However, low elo ranked play (which is what I was stuck at due to AFKers, feeders, and just generally awful teams) ruined the game for me. I just can't deal with the amount of DEATH THREATS I see in every game I played. As much as I loved the game, I just wasn't able to get out of Bronze.  So I'm looking for a replacement. Something with similar features: ranked play, a skillcap, online multiplayer. Something I can get good at but not too quickly, something I won't get bored of and I can master, something I can play everyday for years. It doesn't have to be in the same genre, it doesn't need to be a MOBA. I just need a replacement for the enjoyable timesink that was LoL.  Any suggestions? Thank you ahead of time.
[robocraft]	For pc.  I have searched the web and there does not seem to be games like these. I know of world of tanks but it isn't what I am looking for. Too slow and I am not really looking for a shooter as much as a smasher like the the miniclip game robot rage. Robocraft is one but it does not seem like one I would like becouse it is essentially just another shooter.  It does not have to be robots, but maybe something that gives the same "vibe" of building your character and making it better etc. It can be singleplayer or online, does not matter.
[frozen synapse, hotline miami, don't starve, don't starve, torchlight 2, spacechem, diablo 3]	Allow me to start with a quick opening hello: "Hi!"  Alright, so I'm going to be attending college this fall and as an avid gamer I want to still be able to take advantage of the gaming laptop/desktop duo I have. Really all I'm looking for are games that you can spend 30 minutes or so playing and and save without any troubles. Games I own like this include(but are not limited to): Minecraft, Banished, the Roller Coaster Tycoon series, Civilization 5.  (I should say I tried Terraria and didn't enjoy it too much, though I own it on the PS3. Is the PC version better?)  Now while I love these games, something **new** always drags my interest. Thanks for any and all suggestions and I love all of you :D
[dragon age: origins]	I've been sort of absent from gaming for awhile, just got a new PC, and would like to get back into it . Here is an idea of what I like/dislike:  Ocarina of time - I  understand this is non-PC but one of my favorites  Vampire the masquerade - Loved this game  Oblivion - Absolutely loved it, possibly my favorite  Skyrim - I enjoyed it, but it felt sort of hollow compared to Oblivion.  The world/story just didn't engross me like Oblivion did. I don't know if I'm alone in feeling this  Fallout 3 - Enjoyed it, but I prefer swords/bows/magic/etc to FPS style  So basically I like medieval style  RPGs where the world and story lines are exceptionally captivating.  I'm looking for a newer game. It doesn't have to be top of the line graphics, but something that doesn't look too dated would be nice.  Can anyone recommend a few? Thanks
[dark souls]	Been out of the PC gaming loop for a long while. What's good?  So, here's the deal. I haven't had a computer that can play modern video games for a long time (several years). I bought a new ASUS laptop a few months ago, and I decided to try out some more recent games. It's not a gaming laptop, so I thought I'd try some games from a few years back, thinking that if they are a bit older, my newish laptop will be able to handle it.  I downloaded the Mass Effect 2 demo, and it plays smoothly. I'm not sure if I'm totally into this game yet, so I'm not yet set on buying it. I'm left handed and I find the controls a bit difficult to use.   What does /r/PCGaming recommend ?  I tend to like a lot of single player action/adventure type games. I love Zelda and Metroid games. Shadow of the Colossus. God of War etc.
[battle for wesnoth]	Hello guys!  I am currently looking for some nice games I can play on the side.  What I mean by that is basically that I like to mainly watch a stream from time to time and play a game on the side where I dont have to concentrate alot without a break and can still pay attention to the stream running on my second monitor.  Some examples for games that worked out quite well are:  Path of Exile (Clear the area, watch stream for a minute, continue clearing the area), Hearthstone (5-10 second to think about what move to make and while it's the opponents turn: watch stream), MMOs (A quest or two, check on stream in between mobs etc.).   I'm a bit tired of MMOs at the moment though.   Appreciate any and all suggestions, thanks!
[fallout: new vegas]	Here is a complete list of my "Not-Started" category.  https://  For bonus points, here is a list of all of the games I am currently playing or have completed in the past:  https://  I'm just looking form suggestions of games to invest some time in. As you can see, I'm a fan of all genres and gameplay types. What I'm looking for right now most of all is a compelling story!  Edit: I've already completed skyrim multiple times, it's just in my to-do since I purchased the DLC.
[gamecube]	I used to watch the WWE around 2008-2009. I wish to play a game that has the WWE roster, but sadly I only own a PC. I played the WWF Raw game that THQ released for PC, even modded to have the up to date roster (for those times) but I found it lacking. There was no career, no hell in a cell, no cage matches. It was pretty bare bones, really.  I also played WWF Smackdown 2: Know your role for PS1. I played it to death and loved it but now I'm looking for something with better visuals and so on. What do you kind people suggest?  These are my system specs if anyone is interested:  * Intel i3 550 @  Ghz  * 8 gigs of RAM  * Nvidia GeForce GT 430 1 GB DDR3
[long live the queen, always remember me, the walking dead, backstage pass, gone home]	I got Cinders from a humble bundle and really enjoyed it. I'm interested in more visual novel like games. Preferably ones that feature a female main character who aren't overly sexualized or victimized.   I have played one Japanese visual novel before. I can't remember the name of it, but you play a boy in a school for kids with disabilities. I also enjoyed this one.   I'll play an outstanding Japanese (translated) VN or outstanding VN with a male MC. But would prefer western suggestions with female protagonists. Thanks!
[dragon's dogma]	Hey,  this is an almost completely genre agnostic request here.  I want games where you are not either the "lone warrior" playing through the game or "the boss of bands" having to control an amount of characters (individually!).   To clarify, I want games where you have (a) companion traveling with you all the time who is controlled by the AI and also story-relatedly actually communicates with you throughout the story. Optional control through you is okay (switching characters) but not all at the same time.  Coop is a +++ bonus  What games I liked - or didn't - and why?  - Bioshock Infinite - I loved having company by El, her rummaging around while I shoot people so she can throw me supplies.  - Resident Evil 5 (and by extension, 6 qualifies too) - Some things like the team attacks really made you feel like you're working together with someone. - Left 4 Dead - Somehow I didn't like it this much (don't get me wrong, it's a great game, I am just trying to review it here solely based on the thread's title) because it really felt like a bunch of people were *next to* each other shooting zombies. Sure, trying to work together... to dish out damage.  - Star Wars Republic Commando - I really loved how the cooperation with your mates was staged here. Nothing much to say, but it was a nice experience. For me it felt like a huge difference to Left 4 Dead somehow. - Hunted: The Demon's Forge - Two people with different strengths in battle? They communicate and work together? Nice! - Tales of Games - They're pretty cool to play because everyone is so talky and stuff in battle... I like these a lot. - Beyond Good 'n Evil - Companions were great there, they listened on a single command (special attack) but otherwise fought themselves and sometimes advanced on their own (well, it was scripted, but w/e, adds to the experience)  I can't really remember what I have played yet other than that... Older games are obviously welcome too. I would like to play retro. I have a state of the art PC, X360, Wii U, GameCube, PS2... Even a Dreamcast and a half broken PS3 which I intent to repair. Just no XBONE and PS4. Just suggest me any system.   EDIT: Thanks for the many suggestions, I'd like to add something to the mix: A plus it would be if the companion(s) in question didn't actually provide to the goal in the same way you do. While you're brandishing your sword up close the other could be more of a ranged guy or not even contributing directly (like what I said with Bioshock Infinite)... This is unlike how Star Wars was for me, more like how Hunted does it a little (the female character being more of a ranged fighter). I have a hard time describing this, but so far the sugestions have been great, I am gonna get some new games now!
[dragon's dogma: dark arisen]	Hello folks,  Recently I've got the hankering to play something where I can make a character from scratch and customize everything from their appearance and abilities. I kind of just want to build some characters sort like you could in City of Heroes, Champions Online, or the Sims, but not those games. Especially something that lets you make a group or team of characters.  When it comes to game play. I don't know. Maybe an MMO if it's free and I can just mess around with the character creator. But I'd probably enjoy something more like Final Fantasy Tactics or the modern XCOM (though I'm prefer something with a lot less RNG.) I don't care if it has an amazing story or if they characters you create have part in the story. Or something sort of mindless like Torchlight/Diablo styled game but those never really hold my attention. Ideally something turnbased.   Maybe I should just wait for Massive Chalice but I don't think that will have any character customization.   **EDIT:** I should have been more specific as for what I'm not looking for/have already played. Of course I've played Mass Effect, Saints Row, Dragon Age, Skyrim, Guild Wars 2, etc. I'm looking for something a bit more obscure, I suppose. Mass Effect did hit the target for what I'm looking for. Not mechanically, mind you, but... well... I can't replay those games unless I'm using my Shepard. It doesn't feel right. I got really attached to that character because of how I was able to make her look. I'm looking for a game that can inspire that sort of attachment.   (Also thank you all for replying. I know I'm hard to please and I appreciate you folks taking your time to write out suggestions.)
[trine 2, civ]	Hey all,  I'm a pretty experianced gamer across a lot of different genres. My long distance SO however is not so much, and is converting from console to PC.  We've been trying a lot of different games, but it becomes very apparent that my experiance quickly makes things either dull for me or boring for her, as she isn't doing a lot.   So what i'm looking for is a game that we can play together where we aren't in direct competition. Or at least one where we are an actual co-op so i can shadow and protect while she learns.  Any genres would be tried, but my personnal favourites are RTS and RPG.  Thanks in advance
[the binding of isaac]	I'm looking for a game where, with enough patience/grinding, it's entirely possible to unlock every single skill/item/character. Something like Rogue Legacy or Final Fantasy Tactics, where I can just mindlessly play until I've 100%'ed the game. (Disgaea and Dissidia: Final Fantasy gave me a LOT of fun in that regard. I like trying to get each character to the max level, and Path of Exile drove me INSANE! I'd pay as much as they wanted if I could unlock the entire skill tree!) and I don't like being locked out of certain options simply because I picked one over the other. (, skill trees, and not being unable to completely fill them out.)  So, Reddit, can you help me out?  EDIT: I almost forgot, bonus points if there's a job/class system that lets me level jobs independently of each other, (Much like Final Fantasy V) and swap between them freely.
[vampire: the masquerade - bloodlines, dark messiah of might and magic, neverwinter nights 2, shadowrun returns, baldur's gate, baldur's gate]	I need a game where I can escape for a while most likely an rpg, with a sword and sorcery or hard SF setting. Doesn't have to be but that's what I find the most compelling, Preferably on pc with some mods. Examples of stuff i`v played: Elder scrolls, fallout, kingdoms of amalur, Neir, dragon age, mass effect, Kotor, .hack series, FTL, stanly parable, Godz eater burst, PSO EP 1+2/BB. Stuff that people will recommend but I hated: Dead space, Deus EX (invisible war as well), Bio Shock.  I've been thinking aboot the Risen series it looks fun (do what you want because a pirate is free)  I'm not gonna lie bonus points if it has hardcore "adult" mods
[same game, runescape]	So I used to play Runescape.  I'm glad I got out, more glad I got out before it became the weird WoW imitation it seems to have become. But recently I've found myself wanting to play something similar.   I played it as an 'this is the aside thing I'm doing' something Idle to play while I chatted with friends or listened to music or generally dicked around. In essence, I played it as a game that could be legitimately AFK'd, or played seriously.   To date I've not found any other games like that, particularly the AFK aspect, and I particularly miss it. Freebie Flash 'idle-games' are nice, but they just don't fill the same need. I know it's a long shot, but can anyone reccommend a game with a similar ability/mechanic? where you can legitimately leave it *doing* stuff for a few minutes at a time or focus and /play/ it properly?    **TL:DR** Runescape let you play the game while your attention was elsewhere/playing music/whatever, and it was actually gaming, not just acretion-over-time-idlegame, are there any other games that allow the same?
[europa universalis, crusader kings 2, strategy games, strategy games]	It's a bit hard to describe, but I'm looking for a game that will let me make a kingdom and expand it.  Most likely on the PC  Combat/war is not a necessity.  I guess a strategy or simulation game is most likely to fit that category but I'm not against any other genres or games that mix genres.  I've been suggested (by steam) games like Total War and Mount&amp;Blade.  I don't know if those really have an element of expansion when it comes to kingdoms and territories.  I think maybe a 4x game would work but there are so many that it's a bit overwhelming.  I don't care if it's new or old.  I do prefer games to be easily available though.  I really like steam and GoG for getting my PC games.  I don't really care if it's medieval, fantasy, sci-fi, futuristic, etc.  Any theme will do.  Just want a good game that i can spend countless hours on.  Thanks in advance!
[breath of fire: dragon quarter, zone of the enders, tales of the abyss, shin megami tensei, metal gear solid 2, ratchet and clank, monster hunter, silent hill 2 , devil may cry, grain of salt, wild arms 3, odin sphere, high speed, persona 3, yakuza , sh2]	Hey /r/GamingSuggestions,   After thumbing through my entire games library, I find that I'm at somewhat of a loss as to what to play next.   I'm not even really sure what I'm looking for to be honest. Something fun and engaging, with a cool story that makes any kind of sense.   I've been on a PS2 kick for the last while (re-played Final Fantasy X and Shadow of the Colossus most recently), so if anyone has any games from that era that they want to give a recommendation please do so here. I'm only now realizing the sheer depth of game library that the PS2 had that I totally missed out on as a kid, and am trying to go back and play some of classics that passed me by when they came out.
[kingdoms of amalur: reckoning, phantasy star, phantasy star]	Here's the rundown. My experience with RPG's is minimal meaning I have played the Pokemon games since the beginning and Zelda II and thats about it. I really want to get more into the genre. I looked some of games I wanted to start out with something aside from Pokemon and found the Phantasy Star series from Sega interesting from reviews. Will my experience from the Pokemon games help me in Phantasy Star or do I need to look up guides online to find out what I need to do.  I would like to hear your thoughts.
[dota 2]	Here's some information about my tastes and experiences.  I've been gaming for like 27 years... I of course started out on atari, nintendo, etc... but my first PC games were like Oregon Trail, Nibbles, etc. My absolute favorite games over the years have been Quake 2, Everquest 1, Team Fortress Classic, Diablo 1 and 2, 10Six, and maybe some others.  I'll prenote this by saying that I'm a bit cynical about the gaming industry now days; I'm old, I've witnessed a lot of things in the gaming industry and been burned by a lot of them, and I'm entitled to my experienced opinions. :D I am currently playing mainly Dota 2, a little bit of Killing Floor, and as much as I can feel I can tolerate of Team Fortress 2 (details below).  &lt;insert valid rant part for the accuracy of games I don't really care for&gt;  I hate that blizzard seems to be turning into a pure money grabbing company. I enjoyed Starcraft 1, but did not like Starcraft 2 because it was all about who could cheese more. Then this starcraft 2 expansion is nowhere near worth 20 bucks, imo. We all know that world of warcraft turned into this ease and accessibility fun park for the casual keyboard to face rollers to win while afk; now they're selling high level characters like they're hotcakes (pay2win much?) This reaper of souls for diablo 3 is like 2 hours of content and a buy in to grind items, for what purpose?  that's worth $40? I was going to go play some Diablo 2 again.. then I realized that they've neglected the servers to where they're horrible and half*way did patches to the extent that people just create whatever items they want now days and cheat to their heart's content, that is when the servers are actually running.  I don't feel like sony is much better anymore. They've always sold pay2win stuff like bags in their Everquest 2 shop and I accepted that for the brief time I played EQ2, but now they're selling geared characters like it's hotcakes (again pay2win much?). I was interested in their new upcoming game H1Z1.. I was excited for a long time, but now months after their supposed release frame I've lost a ton of interest in it and find myself doubting that it will be worth the $20 in the end. They say it will not have any game affecting items in the microtransaction shop, but can I really trust a company that's selling leveled and geared characters in another one of their games? I played DayZ, but got pretty much all I'm going to get out of that... Unless you have 4*5 friends that are online all the time to play with it really isn't worth fooling at anymore.  I recently tried Path of Exile, and I was like.. wow man, I'm really loving this.. it's new content to me, looks like a nice skill system and passive skill system, only pay to win would be the stash space (and who needs that right? wrong.).. good difficulty... loving it.. then I was like... where's the gold? I found out about the currency system, and how you had to stash up masses of items and sell them together in recipe order to get optimal returns on them. I was like, well.. I guess I can deal with that. Then I realized that the game doesn't even have a proper common respec system for skills; don't like the way you built your character? Is it really getting owned because you built it 'wrong'? Tough. Go roll the character from level 1 again and use up some more stash space, we sell that everyday.. all day long. Then I realize how bad their servers and networking code is, and I learn about the desync issues. Should I even mention it doesn't have an auction house or anything? At the end of the day, all path of exile and diablo 3 and other similar games are is a loot grind fest with extremely limited content, right? I don't see the point in playing them past the story really.  Valve is just as bad though really. If I hadn't played a ton of hours of TF2 before it went free to play, I wouldn't be playing that at all. Could you imagine being a new player to TF2 and not spending any money on microtransactions? The drop limits and such... It would take you like years to get a standard set of weapons. I have the standard stuff.. for the functionality, and that's all I care about. I don't have any stranges, I don't fool with keys and crates, etc.  You know what really gets me fuming mad about Valve though? This source engine.. specifically the netcode (networking code). If you've played any games built on the source engine for any amount of time and you have any attention to detail whatsoever (you aren't pretty much blind), you know what I'm talking about. I'm talking about all those instances, example being CS:Go where you shoot someone 5 times point blank and only 2 bullets register.. or in TF2 you're playing a scout and you know a soldier is going to fire a rocket.. and you do a 180 run around to the back of the soldier.. and what does the soldier do? that soldier fires that rocket where you used to be, yet hits you still. No, this isn't lag (for those who haven't noticed it or want to troll about it); this is a publically recognized 'bug' in the networking code of the source engine, that affects every source engine game, that Valve has publically announced their refusal to fix. Incompetence like this just ticks me off with game companies; same thing goes for the roll hack that existed in World of Warcraft for like 5 years.. and Rift being a great game until like the 3rd patch where they handed it off to an entirely different team of developers that introduced 35 major hacks and exploits in a single patch!  Summary:  * I don't like pay2win (if it offers any advantage, stats, boosts, etc it is pay2win; don't argue with a 27 year game veteran about this, lol). * I don't like grindy games with no content or real replayability. * I don't like cheese. * I don't like hacks, cheats, exploits, looking at me wrong in any fashion. * I don't like incompetent game developers or game companies with a record for incompetence. * I don't like games that are missing very common elements or are designed in some fashion that tries to manipulate you. * I don't like game companies that embrace money grabbing; 2 hours of content is not worth 40 bucks. * I don't much care for single players experiences anymore.  - * I do like challenging games. * I do like co-op and multiplayer games. * I like games with high replay that maintain entertainment.  &lt;/closing tag of rant part&gt;  Modernish games I own/have played:  * Pretty much every blizzard game * Pretty much every sony online game * Pretty much all the valve/source stuff * Dungeon Defenders * Nuclear Dawn * Contagion * Monday Night Combat * Civilization V * Serious Sam * FireFall * Happy Wars * ORION: Dino Horde * Magicka * Torchlight 2 * Path of Exiles * DayZ * Arma 2 + DayZ Mods * Guild Wars/Guild Wars 2 * WildStar (got a refund on this trash)  Ok, so.. that pretty much gives a good deal of information. Hopefully someone can suggest something that's out now, or coming out sometime in the future that I might be interested in. Thanks!
[chromehounds, xbox 360, hawken]	I am hoping to play on pc, i have found a lot of cool looking games for ps3 that i can't play but seem interesting such as Vanquish, Starhawk, Earth Defense Force 2025. I enjoyed Lost planet, and mass effect is boring as hell, and they're both very limited in customization, it would be nice to have modular weapons, a skill tree, or visual options. More importantly I'm looking for something with more mechs or spaceships to fly. If any of the games in my title were real games they would be perfect.   If you think of anything that could fit please reply i've been searching for a while and nothing's filling the desire. i feel like old ps2 games or unknown wii games would work, like if monster hunter was in the future and on different planets with space suits and laser weapons it would be dope.   thanks gamingsuggestions!  
[this game]	One of my favorite features of the old Wing Commander games was how you could fail missions and it would begin to alter the course of the game. Talk of losing the war would begin, NPCs would start treating you differently, and if you lost wingmen during missions they would no longer appear in conversations or at the bar.  Are there other games like this?  Why isn't this sort of narrative more explored?  EDIT: I should also mention that despite altering the game, your continued efforts could put you back on course for a "good" ending.  So it wasn't just about picking which path you were on.  Quite honestly how good you were at the game determined what storyline you were getting.
[racing games]	Well, basically I'm considering stopping racing games altogether as I simply can't find anything playable with a keyboard nowadays, due to troll companies who want me to buy a wheel/controller.  So, what I want is a game which is good, and fast paced, on steam.   I don't want FPS unless it has an actual plot - a GOOD one. I don't like mindless killing, but I do enjoy war games sometimes when there is a reason.  The genres I want the most atm are Action, Roguelike and Simulation(but not slow paced simulators).  I want something fast paced but playable without much skill.  Preferrably Indie games with unique features but not a must.  Games I don't want:  -Anything slow paced, this includes RPG and RTS/TBS genres altogether unless it's a pretty unique title  -FPS without a plot, or "hard to pick up" kind of FPS, I don't want a lot of challenge since I'm not really a regular FPS player and am bad at aiming.  -Rogue Legacy and UnEpic, as I have both(and they aren't as fast paced as I want, atm)  -Racing games, they're fun but they're not playable with a keyboard nowadays. This does not apply for games optimized for keyboard though, if any exist.  -NFS Games, this DOES apply to ones playable with a keyboard, I've played them all.  Game genres priority for me:   1. Simulator that is fast paced(as long as it's playable with a keyboard)  2. Roguelikes that are relatively fast paced, more than Pixel Piracy(that game feels slow on the start)  3. Action games in general  4. Adventure games that are fast paced.  5. FPS games.  @Edit: Thanks for the many replies. Seems I should've specified two things, which may have gotten misunderstood, in the title:  1. I would rather play something that does not require playing with others. Having that option is cool, but I don't want to be forced to play with strangers.  2. I'm not calling the devs of racing games trolls out of stubborness and not wanting to change to wheels. I don't have money for wheels. Simple enough. I'm not mad at them focusing on wheels, but I'm annoyed at them NOT allowing keyboard play to be efficient, or even a way to become efficient by messing with settings such as deadzone and saturation.  What annoys me isn't the lack of focus on the keyboard, it's the fact that the devs are pretty much like "buy a wheel or GTFO" since the games are literally unplayable with a keyboard. As stated before, I do not have money to spend on a wheel, so I'm forced to use a keyboard to begin with.  
[pick up]	We all know the wait to get into a game - be it Dota2, LoL, CSGO, whatever.   Im looking for something to play during these queues, so it has to be:   -easily and often replayable   -short, arcade-style gameplay   -can be paused/saved at any given time or has a max round time of 2min   Some nice examples are osu! and Super Hexagon. Quake Live is nice if the queue is exceptionally long.   PS: Round based low resource games (need to run both games at the same time) also work! Example: Battle for Wesnoth   Thanks for contributing!
[faerie solitaire, thomas was alone, world of goo, audiosurf]	I realise some people might consider me the scourge of the gaming world, but my favourite thing to do is to watch Parks and Recreation with one eye while playing a stupid casual game that requires minimal attention with the other eye.  I don't have time to learn intricate games anymore, as I am pretty much 30 and (regrettably?) climbing the career ladder.  Please recommend me some games from steam or web games  I have thoroughly enjoyed:  - All the Bloons TD games - Gemcraft TD series - Plants vs zombies - 2048 - Burrito buffalo launch game from adult swim - Almost every incremental clicker game I've been able to find - Starbound and Minecraft, but kind of over them now  I don't like games like super meat boy becuase they are rage inducing, and for me actually take a lot of time to get good at, and unfortunately I am time-poor.  I love Civ 5 and DayZ, but just don't have that kind of time to sink into games anymore.   Anyway, hit me with your casual PC game suggestions. I have a PS4 which is gathering dust in my closet, so that is an option too.  Thanks in advance!
[dungeon defenders, civilization v, friendly fire, borderlands 2, torchlight ii, wild west, this game, this game, this game, minecraft, archeage, magicka, game on, diablo]	My brothers and I are spread throughout the country, And one of us is in Germany with the air force. Years ago we all played wow together, but life happened (and we lost interest in the game). Anyway, we're looking for a game that would Allow us to reconnect and play together, though we do have some odd requirements.  -we would like it to be a fantasy/adventure rpg  -up to four players  -Needs a pause button (some of us have kids)  -PC our console is fine  though we all have a 360.  -preferably the game could be played both alone and together.  While we like fps games, they get a little repetitive, while mmorpg aren't really compatible with life and kids (they require a time commitment and aren't easy to walk away from to deal with kids).  We'd like a fantasy game where we could build our characters and adventure together. Any suggestions?  Edit: Some great suggestions, thanks!  I'll take more if you got 'em!
[alan wake]	I was bed-ridden this weekend. To stave off the boredom, I decided to install STALKER: Call Of Pripyat in my laptop, switched the voices to Russian (I also added english subs and closed captions) and installed AtmosFear to give it a little boost. I was floored. Not by the game mechanics, since the lack of polish shows even with AtmosFear installed, or by the story, but by the sheer immersion and atmosphere it creates. Most of the map is rather empty, but you can feel the calm and desolation around you. Walking through ruins is a tense experience. For me, it's second to none. I'm looking for more games like this, where their worlds can absorb you due to great map design or excellent attention to detail.  Games I've played that I feel match what I'm looking for: the whole STALKER series (Clear Sky less than the others), the Metro series, the Dark Souls series (in a way).
[home base, sanctum 2, total war]	This is a very odd question I'm sure, but it's been bothering me for a while. Looking to blow off steam after work or school, I've wondered about games where you have 1 vs 100 style gameplay but in a realistic fashion. Whereas most AI grinding games involve some form of superpower, epic strength disparity, or magic, yet that's not what I want. Shooters like Fallout lets you fight looters that die in 4 hits from an assault rifle, but your character can withstand 20 shots from a hunting rifle. Games like Mount and Blade or Total War let you pit units and small armies against each other, but for the most part they're pretty even in strength.   Where's my battle simulator games that let me defend Rorke's drift with 30 men and AK47s against 1000 Zulu spearmen? What about FPS games that personally set me up against 200 medieval archers when I have modern assault rifles? Basically any kind of game, mod, or settings that would realistically allow me to make a massacre simulator. Many modern games in various genres (FPS, RTS, RPG, sandbox) let you fight multiple opponents, because you're wearing scale armor and your character is 10x as durable as the NPCs in hand to hand combat. Or maybe it's 1 Swadian knight fighting a dozen Nord Footmen. Yet what I want is to play Insurgency vs AI opponents with maces. You fuck up and let yourself get shot with an arrow in your assualt rifle rampage? You die just as easily as them. Is that possible in any way? I'm open to suggestions in any genre.
[neverwinter, archeage, firefall]	So im getting pretty bored of playing LoL now constantly, and am looking for something else to play!   I am just wondering what current MMO everybody is playing? I have a subscription to WoW but that game is also pretty boring now as well as I have played it since Vanilla.   Preferably a free-to-play MMO would be nice!   I saw a trailer for a new MMO on youtube that was like a birds eye view LoL sort of camera but it was an MMO and it said something like "No levels, No Classes" ... but yeah I forgot the name of it
[fallout: new vegas]	So for the past several months, I've been buying and returning numerous games from GameStop. I usually play the games and bored really quick and return them or find a game I really love, beat it and return it. My favorite games have been: Tomb Raider (2013) Red Dead Redemption Ghost Recon: Future Soldier GTA 5 I tend to like third person games. I'm looking to get one game that I can dedicate my free time to and will last for months. I want a game that's fun and that I won't get bored of. I've played Skyrim and it's not that I didn't like it but for some reason I ended up returning it. So I was thinking about that and Dark Souls even though I never really played an RPG. But I want to really get into a game that will last a really long time that I will have fun with, so if anyone has any suggestions I'd appreciate it.
[mario kart]	We've played a couple games before, and she's seen me play a lot of video games, but she's not a gamer by any means. This'll be a hard request to fulfill, but I'm going to do my best to give you the information I myself have.  **Games we have played that she enjoys**:   Doritos Crash Course - kind of like the TV show Wipeout for those of you that don't know. Silly and fun with short levels with a learning curve that is basically a flatline.   Peggle &amp; Peggle2 - She likes these games, but there isn't a ton of excitement if you know what I mean. I kind of want something to draw her back or help her develop some skill that she can point to as a reason to keep playing similar games with me.   **Things to NOT recommend**: Violent games, shooters or things that require too much precision, anything with a steep learning curve or inherent skill requirement.   Can do anything PC, Xbox, or GBA DS.  (Also considering taking the Wii U from my parents house when I'm back on their side of town.)  That's a lot to ask for such little information, but any suggestion helps me get the brain pumping!
[sleeping dogs]	I want to play as a police officer in a realistic police officer video game, something like  Noire. Something with normal human cops, not like Crackdown and not pretending to be cops in GTA. Does anyone have any suggestions? I do remember a couple PC games, Police Force and Police Simulator, something like those games but obviously better, assuming anyone is familiar with them. I have a computer, not sure I want to buy those, not great reviews, I also have Xbox 360 and Wii. Someone, some where must have made a good cop game aside from  Noire.
[euro truck simulator, football manager]	I've been doing a lot of thinking recently, and I can't exactly chill out and play LoL or TF2 while doing a bit of self-evaluation. I don't like to be left alone to my thoughts cause I tend to over think... So a game with a zone out factor where I can just chill and worry about nothing would be nice. Alternatively, a game that's really slow paced but really involving so I don't feel rushed or pressured. I know that's really specific, but help me out reddit? :3  Just for reference I've been playing Floating Point and PvZ so suggestions other than those, please.  Thanks and have a wonderful day, my friends.
[the ship: murder party]	I usually play strategy type games that involve some level of hand eye coordination, but I tend to try just about anything. Its really hard to get me hooked into a game.    The only games to have me "hooked" for longer than a month were:    + Borderlands (1 and 2) - lost replay value.   + osu! - still hooked but can't play only this  + LoL - off and on  + Audiosurf - really bored of this  + Terraria (But not minecraft)  + TES - Morrowind (But not oblivion or skyrim)  + Zelda OOT  + Masters of Orion 2  + Warcraft 3 (dead game and SC2 isn't the same)   Now I'm stumped and can't seem to find any other REALLY good games, these games were so good that I haven't been able to find any "like" them to keep me entertained.   Here is a very long list of games I have played:    + 90% Of Nes/Snes Games  + A Game Of Dwarves  + A Virus Named Tom  + Age Of Empires (All Of Them)  + Airmech  + Anna  + Anodyne  + Arma 2 + Exp  + Audiosurf  + Bastion  + Battlefield 4  + Borderlands 2  + Brutal Legend  + Cities In Motion 1 + 2  + Cod Mw 3, 2 Bo 1, 2  + Crusader Kings 2  + Cs Classic  + Cs:Go Vac Ban  + Cs:S  + Dawngate  + Day Of Defeat  + Dead Rising 1 + 2  + Deathmatch Classic  + Dishonored  + Dlc Quest  + Don'T Starve  + Dota 2  + Dungeon Defenders  + Dungeon Defenders Eternity  + Eets Munchies  + Fez  + Ffxiv (Expired)  + Ftl  + Geometry Wars  + Gmod  + God Mode  + Greed Corp  + Guns Of Icarus  + Half Life + Exp  + Incredipede  + Kerbal Sp  + Killing Floor  + L4D2  + League Of Legends  + Limbo  + Majesty 2 Collection  + Mark Of The Ninja  + Miner Wars 2081  + Naruto Blue Burst  + Neighbours From Hell Compilation  + Orion Dino Horde  + Osu  + Portal  + Portal 2  + Project Zomboid  + Pso2  + Pvz Gw  + Red Faction Armageddon  + Ricochet  + Risk Ofrain  + Rocket Birds Hardboiled Chicken  + Rust  + Sanctum  + Sanctum 2  + Sid Meier's (All Of Them, Civ, Rail Road, Etc)  + Sine Mora  + Skydrift  + Speedrunners  + Star Wars Jedi Knight  + Starbound  + Supreme Commander + Exp  + Terraria  + Tes V Skyrim  + The Guild 2  + Ticket To Ride  + Trine 2  + Tropico 3  + Unturned  + Wasteland 2  + Worms (Most Of Them)  Please help me find a game to get stuck on!  TL;DR:  Im really picky about games and want a new addicting one.
[teamspeak]	Hey guys, just a question... Does anybody else think that WoW is becoming too quick now? Like when your in a dungeon or Raid, you are just constantly moving forward!    Nobody talks to each other anymore... No communication...     No Raid tactics where the off-tank does this and Tank does this... And so on...    Same with dungeons, its just group up, and see how quick we can get through the instance?    This is really upsetting as it feels the game is now dead... there is no fun any more!!   Does anybody know of a game thats like WoW (MMO) and people actually put time and effort into raiding and stuff??   Archeage looks amazing! But ofc it isnt out yet
[dragon age: origins]	Relatively new to gaming so I haven't played too many titles through. I've logged way more hours than I care to divulge on Skyrim, Mass Effect (whole franchise) and Dishonored. I've dabbled in others but they didn't grip me the way the above have.   I am a lady gamer if that has any effect on your suggestions. I'm not sure I'd be crazy about playing Titanfall or CoD and I don't often play anything that is only good in multiplayer. I'm open to PC games but I'm looking for something to play on 360. My girliness also extends to an interest in good storylines/pretty pictures/shiny things :)   Any suggestions are much appreciated. Merci! 
[dragon age origins, drakensang]	I'm in a rut right now. I've just been replaying games I've already beaten 3+ times. I have a decent PC and an xbox 360.  Games I've played and enjoyed:  -Kotor 1 and 2  -Jade Empire  -Mass Effect series  -Dragon age 1 and to a much lesser degree 2  -Planescape Torment  -Baldur's Gate 2  -Legend of Dragoon  -Elder scrolls series  -Fallout 3 and NV  -Alpha Protocol  -Bioshock series  -The Witcher 1 and 2  -The Newest Tomb Raider  -The Legacy of Kain series  -Zelda games  I've played and did not enjoy or get into:  -Dark Souls - Repeatedly dying and replaying the same zone over and over was really boring to me and there was a significant lack of an entertaining storyline.  -Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Only got a few hours in but wasn't really gripped by the game at all in terms of gameplay or story. I didn't really like the main character either. Maybe I didn't give it enough of a chance?  -Dishonored - Was just overall meh to me.  -Assassins Creed - Not a fan at all. I've tried several games.  -Divinity: Original Sin - 10 hours into it and no desire to push on. Again finding storyline boring and party members bland.  -Tales of Vesperia - I didn't hate the game but not really interested in trying out other Tales games either.  -Final Fantasy series - Not a fan.   -Fable series - Pretty weak imo.    Hopefully this gives someone enough information to give me a recommendation. I'm not necessarily against older games if they hold up fairly well but I'd definitely be more interested in something newer.    
[bioshock 2]	I love a good story and well written characters. I also love killing things but I suck at aiming. Any suggestions? For an XBOX 360.   So here are some games I have loved &amp; why: Fallout 3: very interesting world, interesting physical environment, great exploring, pretty good characters, easy fighting mechanics if you use VATS  Fallout New Vegas: interesting world, great storyline, great characters, easy fighting with VATS  Fable series: fun world and characters, great atmosphere, relaxing, very easy button-mashing fighting, humor  Oblivion: fun/ engrossing quests, great atmosphere, great exploring, fighting generally not tooo difficult, some humor  Portal 2: just about the best storyline ever, very fun characters, humor, fun/ challenging puzzles, no fighting or significant aiming  Dishonored: interesting storyline and characters, fighting generally avoidable or not tooo difficult, good exploring, teleporting was very fun   Games I thought I would like but I inexplicably disliked: Red Dead Redemption: I actually found this somehow too easy, and the story a bit boring. I did play about 2/3 of it. Hated the "driving" quests.  Skyrim: Just seemed kind of, sterile? compared to Oblivion. And lacking in humor. I did not play very much, though.   Some recommendations I think I might like: Fallout 1 and 2, of course Mass Effect series Bioshock, perhaps?
[red faction guerrilla, gta, gta]	So I'm looking for a new game to play on my computer, I've really only played LoL over the past two years since I got rid of my consoles, but the whole competitive nature of it is becoming kind of a downer.   I'm interested in an Assassin's Creed 2 or dead island type game in the sense that it is somewhat open world, can be time consuming, but has that kind of "missions" mentality where you can play straight through or complete other objectives and have fun getting sidetracked. Good storyline is a plus.   I'm not looking to purchase a new game for ~$50 because money is kinda tight right now, but I have a lot of free time that I want to fill with a game. Multiplayer isn't necessary, unless it is one of the rare games that is older but people still play it (I don't have many PC gaming friends so chances are it won't matter to me).  
[kerbal space program]	I have tried a few of the popular sim games like Euro Truck simulator and Farming Simulator. I find these games fun at first, but I quickly get to a point where I feel that I have 'solved' the game and playing any more is just resolving the mechanical steps toward that solution.  For example, in Euro Truck Simulator 2, after building up money with long distance contracts and buying a garage, truck and driver, I felt that there wasn't much more to do. It was just a waiting game to get to the next truck and driver. The actual driving portion wasn't enough to keep me going.  I think I would like these games if there were more mechanics. Like in ETS2 if there was an actual economy and you had to think about what freight to move where.   In the end, I think I am looking for a deeper type of simulation game. Any suggestions?
[final fantasy 10]	I just got through Stick of Truth and it got me itching for more turn based styled RPG. I've played Super Mario RPG and Paper Mario in the past and forgot how fun that type of combat system is. Especially when you have timed key presses that end up in extra damage or blocking some incoming damage. I was trying to google for similar games but had no luck. Do any of you know of other games like this that I can try out?  Edit: Went to bed and woke up to a bunch of replies. Thanks everyone for the suggestions! Looks like I got my gaming schedule filled for a while! 
[hotline miami]	My favorite action games are ones that require more thinking than most. For instance, my most enjoyable experience with a shooter was leading high-stakes raids and massive, co-ordinated strikes on enemy bases in Day Z that really required me to have a good idea what was going on and being able to react and adapt to whatever was thrown at us. In short, what I'm looking for is an action (Or maybe and action-strategy) game that requires quick reactions and quicker thinking to accomplish your goal, anyone have a suggestion?
[fable anniversary, jade empire, mass effect, same game, kotor]	What the title says. I'm a big fan of the Fallout series, having put probably 300 hours into just the newest one. Civ 5 I've also put probably put too many hours into as well. I really enjoy having turn based combat where i can think about my decisions for a while, although I don't like JRPGs. I've been looking at Knights of the Old Republic and Divinity: Original Sin, although I don't think my laptop would be able to run it,it's a Toshiba Satellite, it doesn't even have a graphics card :(  Thanks in advance for your help.
[strategy games]	I need something to take my mind off of the sh*t that life keeps flinging at me.  I've played most well-known titles in the past decade, but I'm always interested in discovering new ones.  Recently, I've most enjoyed games like:  * Terraria/Minecraft (heavily modded - FTB) * Borderlands * Sanctum/Orcs Must Die! * Binding of Isaac  I think the common theme is challenge + reward (usually overt,  items/equipment/skills/powers) in most of those games.  Terraria and Minecraft are exceptions; they're games that I have trouble sticking with due to their open-ended nature, but in the right mood I enjoy them immensely.  I'm always up for a good RPG, regardless of whatever trappings and gimmicks it may have - but I think I've just about exhausted the list of good games in that genre.  Final Fantasy, Tales of-, Bioware games, Super Mario RPG, Chrono Trigger/Cross, etc...  Any help is appreciated!  Edit: systems...  * #1 preference is PC (easiest for me to use) * X360 * PS3, PS2 * Wii * Nintendo DS (I haven't seen it in a few years... it's not out of the question that I've lost it) * Emulators?
[full spectrum warrior]	Something that's like, say, Company of Heroes. But more modern, urban and asymmetric in the style of warfare. Something that focuses more on strategy and tactics rather than building or resource collection or the usual stuff about Company of Heroes.  I don't like strategy games that can devolve into producing huge amounts of soldiers or become an exercise in resource management or supply chain management. Those aspects are usually relevant in higher level or slightly longer-term military engagements. I am looking for something like in the movie, they only have few resources to spare and they can't exactly build new units. What you have is what you get, and everything happens in probably less than 24 hours worth of events.  I am really interested in dealing with complex dense urban landscapes rather than something simple like a town made of 5 large buildings as in Wargame Airland Battle.  It's likely that no game like this has ever been made, but what do you think will come the closest?
[planescape: torment, castle wolfenstein, moraff's world, commander keen, baldur's gate, oregon trail, king's quest, arx fatalis, for glory, diablo ii, starcraft, simcity, nethack]	Hello! I have been a "PC gamer" my entire life. Unfortunately, I have spent the vast majority of my time playing a few specific titles, including WoW, WC3, LoL, etc. Whenever my friends talk about "classic" PC games, I am always clueless. I love RPG's, RTS, etc, but I feel like I haven't played most of the best games ever released.  I want to become more knowledgable about the history of PC gaming by playing through many of the classics (maybe 20-30ish PC games, and play through them chronologically, by release date). So, reddit: which games would you advise me to play? I can't wait to get started!
[prince of persia, antichamber, oddworld]	I'm not a video game player and often get bored with them very easily. But there are a few I've really enjoyed.   I'm looking to find similar games like the ones I've played, loved, and finished in like 1 week. I'm not sure if I'm correct in the category, but I think those games would be 3rd person action-adventure games.   * **Likes**: I've always loved the Splinter Cell and Uncharted games. I know I like an element of puzzle/strategy to my games.  my love affair with the PS1 Metal Gear Solid and MGS Sons of Liberty games. I also loved Portal 2.   * **Dislikes**: I played a few Batman Arkham games, a recent Metal Gear, Assassin's Creed. Those were a little too heavy on combat/kill all the things coming at you. * **Dislikes**: The Grand Theft games are very boring. Rest assured I feel unAmerican about that. Also the inFamous games get boring after a little bit.    .....  Last of Us  Heavy Rain  Bioshock (the story fascinates me)  Far Cry  These are all on my radar (are they good?), but 99% sure Last of Us is where I need to be. Outside of that I need help from those who actually know video games to help me out with games I need to play!!  Thank you!! 
[spec ops: the line, the fourth wall, demon's souls, dark souls 2]	I know asking for something weird is pretty broad, but just to narrow down as to what sort of unorthodox experience I'm  talking about, I mean something along the lines of Drakengard, Nier, Killer7, Deadly Premonition, Catherine, Hotline Miami, etc. Weird games that are story-driven and have something strange, somber, and gratuitously absurd about them. I've already played all of Grasshopper Manufacturer's games. Oh and the systems I have are PS2, PS3, Wii, and PC. I really wanna get a PS Vita and/or Wii U next, so you're welcome to recommend something from those too.
[archeage]	Hi,  So, I've been playing a lot of shooters for the last years. Mostly quake/arena like on a very competitive level. It's getting a bit "single-minded" though. I'd like a change of pace.   I have never played a MMO game, or well. I was one of the top players of a game called Tribalwars in my country for a few years a long time ago. And I really miss being part of that kind of community.   When looking for mmo-games online there are just so many. I don't really know where to start, or which ones have friendly communities, and not the noob-hating, rude people like when I tried HoN (sorry if there are any HoN players here, I'm sure there are a lot of you who is nice too)...   Sooo, any suggestions? =)  *(Sorry for my crappy English, it's not my first language.)*
[sins of a solar empire: rebellion, battlestar galactica, the human race, we are]	I'm looking for an alternative for Nexus: The Jupiter Incident. If anyone wants to know, it's like FTL: Faster Than Light in a 3 dimensional maneuvering space with deeper combat mechanics.     1. You control multiple ships, each ship may have squadrons/fighters. 2. You can control the power of each ship system. You can boost/lower it strategically. 3. You control the weapons/targetting. You need to scan the ship first using the scanner then target the enemy's ship subsystems. 4. You control the loadout of your ships.  Types of weapons/engines/subsystems
[company of heroes, crusader kings, mass effect, lol]	I've literally just this moment finished raiding in WoW. I'm looking for something I can really sink my teeth into like an RPG or something, anything really. I recently left League of Legends due to the community (I suffer from depression, that community didn't help with my situation).  I absolutely love Paradox interactive games, I've sank nearly 2k hours into crusader kings 2 (I'm not joking). And I loved Dragon age: origins (DA:2 didn't like and I'm not looking at DA:3) I with-in reason enjoyed the mass effect series but in the end I just felt 'meh' about it. But other than that I've tried planetside 2 for a bit and I enjoyed playing that with friends.  But I should mention, I didn't like skyrim and I despise JRPG's (Sorry, not my cup of tea).
[this game, this game]	I'd like to suggest the game Deadlight to anyone that would like to see a 2D action zombie game. It looks incredible, handles like a first person shooter, which actually takes some getting used to, and had an incredible weighted flow to combat and movement. It's honestly just fun to play, a bit like a power fantasy, I admit. It has the feel of an old flash game I use to play called Last Stand (1&amp;2) so if you happen to know that game and liked it, you'll enjoy this.   [First Impressions and Gameplay video here](https://   To top it all off, it's $1 in a humble bundle and $3 on steam.   [Humble Bundle](https://   [Steam](http://
[rayman legends]	Hi guys, hoping for some advice on a good multiplayer PC game or two. My wife and I currently play GTA V quite a bit on separate XBOX 360s in our house. However, I have a nice gaming PC, and the XBOXes are getting pretty long in the tooth... with GTA V coming to PC, I was thinking about building a second gaming PC and jumping ship.  Anyone have any PC game recommendations for us to play? Maybe some casual adventure type games that don't have a big learning curve. She's not a big fan of FPS games, and I have a feeling strategy games aren't up her alley either. Aside from getting GTA V, I was thinking maybe some Diablo 3 as well.   Anyways, if anyone has any thoughts, I'd be stoked!
[eternal darkness: sanity's requiem, metal gear solid, writer's block, alan wake, xbox 360, xbox 360, xbox 360, gamecube, gamecube, bioshock]	I love gaming. I really do, especially games centred around some sort of paranormality or the supernatural, but often I can't finish a game due to jump scares added in for 'effect'. Jump scares terrify me and leave me shaken for hours due to my anxiety. In the first Silent Hill that bit with the body falling out of the locker early on made me scream, though the rest of the series I really loved. I refused to play Dead Space after a mere few minutes in the demo. My friend and I attempted to play Amnesia, and I gave up before the first monster ever appeared.  I'm not just asking for horror games here. Any games that pull off that creepy or mindfuck atmosphere at certain times are welcome. One of my favourites is Fallout 3 because no other game can creep me out that much with a little bit of patriotic music.  Note that one, possibly two, jump scares are allowed if the game is extremely good (Beyond: Two Souls was that way for me), but cheap jump scares multiple times throughout the game isn't worth it for me.
[shadow of the colossus, ratchet and clank hd, colossus collection, dmc: devil may cry, fallout new vegas, metal gear solid , final fantasy x, persona 3, bioshock , ico]	I'm introducing a good friend to the wonders of gaming. She has a PS3 and, until she played Journey, hadn't played anything other than Mario Kart. I lent her Heavy Rain to show her a (admittedly very unique) modern game can look like and familiarize her with the controls. She finished it within 48 hours.  So now I'm looking for some suggestions in other genres that a totally new gamer would engage with and enjoy. I gave her Uncharted as a 3rd person shooter (with the disclaimer of frustrating difficulty spikes) and Skyrim as a sandbox RPG. I figured Portal would be a good intro to the FPS controls as well as puzzle games. What would you suggest as springboards into the different genres?  --------------------------------------------------------------  TL;DR Totally new to gaming, only have a PS3 and want a sample from the all the big genres (RPG, JRPG, FPS, 3rd Person Shooter, Puzzle, Indie, etc.). 
[minecraft, we are]	The tldr version: what's a multiplayer game that is simple to pick up, doesn't require a lot of skill, can be played with groups of up to 9-11, and preferably doesn't have a leveling system?  My friends and I would like to pick up a game where we could all spent a few hours a week playing. Everyone has different schedules either with work or school, so we've experimented with a lot of games.  We've played MMORPGs, but the biggest problem is that the people who have more time get way far ahead. We've tried Mobas like HoN/Lol, and it's great that each game is self-contained, but it didn't appeal to everyone and it couldn't support our larger play-group.   The best game we had was iSketch, which was basically a platform to play pictionary. It was great because it had very customizable wordlists and rules, you didn't need a powerful computer to play, and it didn't matter what your artistic ability was.  The reason we are trying to find another game is because isketch mysteriously stopped working for a lot of us. And also we would like to find something new as well.  Thanks in advance for reading! 
[deus ex: human revolution, divinity: original sin, mass effect trilogy, mark of the ninja, alpha protocol, super meat boy, borderlands 2, super hexagon, splinter cell, antichamber, metro 2033, civ]	Hey all, unique situation here.  I've got the terror of all admins at my school, and we have literally no access to play Steam games online.  It's pure fortune that I'm able to download games at all, but somehow I've managed.  Anyhow, got a $50 gift card for my bday a while ago, but haven't really had much to go after.  The original goal was to get Tom Clancy's Division, but the fact that I literally can't play it is a bummer and major barrier to purchase it.    So, here's my Steam profile where you can see my game collection.  Please note that since I cannot log any time I've played offline, the hours noted per game are not accurate and in no way reflect my gaming preferences.   http://  Thanks a bunch guys!
[mark of the ninja]	I am looking for a fun stealth game.  I would like something similar to metal gear mechanics on PS1, but something for PC.  It doesn't have to be first person either.  "Retro" graphics are something I really enjoy.  I would even be more interested if it were a bit rougelike too.  Thanks for any suggestions.  EDIT: I am so stoopid... I forgot to mention, I would like the main action to be stealth, while I love games like Assasin's creed, they seem to be more focused on other aspects than stealth.  TL;DR I want to be a sneaky bastard.
[shin megami tensei: strange journey, shin megami tensei: devil survivor, shin megami tensei: nocturne, dragon warrior monsters, shin megami tensei iv , this game, sci-fi, smt]	The pinnacle of this genre, for me at least, is the Dragon Warrior Monster series. Ever since I got the original Dragon Warrior Monster for the GBC I have loved the series, and then the genre. Yeah, pokemon is fine and dandy, but it lacked the depth that Dragon Warrior Monster (and later on DQM) had with its breeding system. Hell, I even loved Chrono Cross and the Fire Emblem games for similar reasons (all those playable characters!). But the Dragon Warrior Monster series have always been the games that I've hoped other games I try will live up to. And so far, none have given me the same satisfaction as Dragon Warrior Monster 1 and 2 did.   So, what games are similar to DQM? Preferably for the PC, or able to be emulated. I don't have any consoles at the moment, though I think one of my brothers has a 3DS that I could probably borrow, but I'm not entirely sure that it's a 3DS and not the oversized DS.   To sum it up, I'm looking for a game that has:  * A lot (100+, at the very least) of collectible monsters/characters. * A breeding system, or some other way to complete the collection 100% * A decent battle system is a plus, but not a necessity. The DQM battle system isn't really anything special, but it's not bad either. That kind of is a draw for me, actually. I don't want a battle system that's incredibly involved.  * Preferably set in a fantasy world. I'm not so big on sci-fi or modern day, but I wouldn't immediately reject it either. This is mostly due to aesthetic preferences.   Thanks for any suggestions!
[psx, nes]	I'm buying a tablet strictly for gaming.  It'll be the only gaming console I own.  No Xbox, no playtstation, no DS, no PC, just the tablet.  I don't like iTunes and Apple in general, but Knights of the Old Republic is one my top three games of all time.  Other iOS only games I'm interested in are Sid Meiers' Pirates (another one of my favorite games ever), FTL, Hearthstone (that'll end up on android soon right?), and Valiant Hearts.  I'm sure there are a few others I don't know about.  Is there any reason to go with Android if I want a pure gaming tablet?  Or does iOS hold the lion's share of proper PC ports and 'real' games?  Are there any great Android only iOS killers out there?    PS. If you think I should go Android, which device?  Edit: So far it looks like the Nvidia shield has the best hardware for gaming and Android is better for emulation.  iOS has a bigger library though.  
[knights of the old republic , space travel, star citizen]	The games I own already:  * FTL * Geometry Wars (kind of space themed) * Kerbal Space Program * Planetary Annihilation * Solar 2 * Spore + Galactic Adventures * Universe Sandbox  And I have the following on my wish list:  * Civilisation: Beyond Earth * Space Engineers * Lifeless Planet * Starbound  I've holding off on Early Access games from now on (though I didn't buy many anyway). But I'm a big fan of space and space related games. Anything else you can recommend that offers a unique experience or just fun game play?
[xbox 360]	I'm due in 7 days. Time is passing so slowly as this baby just takes her sweet time. My boyfriend is playing alice madness returns on the ps3 and I am officially bored of pokemon y and mass effect 3.   I really want to play something that will consume me the way that Tomb Raider (2013) did and harvest moon does but the only one I have right now is tree of tranquility for wii and I don't want to play that one. I'd also give anything to play the Sims 4 right now but can't afford it.   I'm looking for something for xbox 360, 3ds or pc that is very inexpensive or free and will have me entertained at least a few hours. A good story line or the ability to have and mold a character and a life for that character is preferred. Obviously my preferences are all over the place and that's cause I really don't even care what type of game it is at this point as long as it's cheap or free and not COD.   Anyone? Anything?  :)
[all games]	So, it was a 1st person wave survival game where you could team up with several people on a map, barricade a few entrances and try to hold out until the end. There was a chopped dropping supplies for you (every 5 waves or so?) and it contained the signature "they're coming to get you barbara" before save waves starting.  Guns and items were scattered around the map too, some were free to take and some were behind a locked door that you could unlock with a welder. When zombies attacked you, you had a chance to be infected and you could either try to rack up enough kills to respawn or find some pills to temporarily cure the infection.  I well remember 1 church map and other where you were held up in a mall, another in some farm house and yet another in a shop where you could go into some houses.   I am looking for this because I wanted to play it but forgot the title so I looked through my steam game list a couple of times and it wasn't there. Looked at my played games and it wasn't there either. Its as if it didn't exist and I know I racked up quite a few hours in it. 
[borderlands 2]	I just built a new PC that is pretty sweet and runs everything at max settiings I'm overwhelmed now by my options. My PC from before pretty much stopped playing new games after Dead Space 3. Couldn't even run Borderlands 2. Anyway, I'm overwhelmed and figured I'd come here for suggestions. The game doesn't have to necessarilly  be graphically demanding just good. I haven't played many games in the last few years.   I've destroyed the Fallout/Skryim/Mass Effect. I guess I'm looking to immerse myself. Whether it be in a great story, an open ended world, game mechanics that hook you in,  character building, etc.   I know I'm being really vague. D:
[europa universalis, hearts of iron 3, strategy games, sunless sea, sunless sea, sunless sea, king arthur, king arthur, total war, total war, hoi3]	I'm not looking for roguelike-likes or roguelikes necessarily, but rather something with a similar story-system. I want a game with gameplay divorced from the lore and narrative, where I can sort of fill in the blanks for myself, like a good board game. I don't know how to best describe this. Heroes of Might and Magic III was like this. You build up your keep and explore, but there wasn't a strict story mode so much as disparate lore and creatures.  I'd be happy to clarify what I mean if anyone has any ideas. Thanks in advance.
[quantum conundrum, the ninja]	So I just got my appendix out so I'm spending a lot of time in bed. I don't have a monster laptop.  Games I've been addicted to recently:  Football Manager  Binding of Isaac (I know Rebirth comes out soon, just not soon enough)  Hotline Miami  Gunpoint  Portal 1/2  Garry's Mod  Laptop specs:  Quadcore AMD  Ghz Processor  AMD Radeon HD 7640G  4gb RAM  I kind of just get into specific niche games. I've tried the likes of the Civ series and just couldn't get into it. I don't know why it just isn't for me.  I know this is a pretty broad question haha, I'm just curious if any of you guys have any good recommendations. Thanks!
[playstation, suikoden]	I've been on the hunt recently for good RPGs, mostly JRPGs, that maybe didn't get the attention they deserve, or they did and they aren't your usual 'Dragon Quest' or 'Final Fantasy'.  I've noticed that I'm drawn to these types of games probably because they do something a little different from the typical formulas or they just stick to the original formula really well while also delivering a compelling story.  For example, I've recently finished Bravely Default and thought it was one of the best JRPGs I've played in the last few years, yet it's not from your typical brand name you've come to expect (granted it was still made by Square Enix).  So here's the platforms I have...   * Playstation 2  * Playstation 3  * Xbox 360  * Gamecube  * DS  * Gameboy Advance (via the DS)  * Gameboy, Gameboy Color (via a GBA SP)  * 3DS  * PC  And here's some examples of non-standard JRPGs I've played so far that I've really enjoyed...   * Disgaea - Hour of Darkness, Disgaea 2  * Grandia II  * Bravely Default  * Chrono Trigger  * Breath Of Fire 3, Breath Of Fire 4  * Tales of Symphonia, Tales of Xillia  * Legend of Legaia, Legaia 2 - Duel Saga  * Shin Megami Tensei - Nocturne, Shin Megami Tensei - Persona 3 FES, Shin Megami Tensei - Persona 4  * Mario &amp; Luigi - Superstar Saga, Mario &amp; Luigi - Bowser's Inside Story, Mario &amp; Luigi - Dream Team  * Earthbound/Mother 2  * Xenogears
[counter-strike, next level]	I love slow FPS's where you feel every bullet counts and where you are (mostly) pitted against other humans in a plausible environment. I also like to "feel" that my character is not a floating camera as in Half-Life but has real weight.  I adored STALKER even though the gunplay was not first in class and there was quite a bunch of mutants, but I thought the moments against a lot of other stalkers were rewarding at very high difficulty.   I just tried METRO 2033 for an hour but couldn't get into it seeing as I felt the rapid mutants were the focus of the combat.  I liked Far Cry 3 but felt you became a little bit OP after a couple of hours if you didn't go full retard charging two tanky guys.   I did try Arma for a couple hours way back and I didn't like it, but I was younger and had different tastes, should I give it another go ?  And I sunk many hours in Killing Floor only because the gunplay was so brilliant.   I own Red Orchestra 2 and it looks as good (tripwire knows their shit) but before delving back into online FPSs, I'd like a good amount of time playing a great meaty-slow-paced-challenging-realistic-ish FPS. Where should I look to ?
[red orchestra]	I am currently looking to fill a WWI or WWII itch that I've been having, and I've come to realize that while I know pretty much every MMORPG out there, I don't know much about FPS games on the PC beyond the popular ones. I used to play War FPS' all the time, but I don't have much experience with online multiplayer ones for the PC. The only three that come to mind are Day of Defeat, Day of Defeat: Source and Call of Duty 2.  Ideally the game will be relatively new, but mainly I want an active community. All help appreciated.  Edit: Might be worth noting that I'm looking for mainly infantry action. I got all I need for Planes and Tanks from War  Thunder and other games. 
[red dead redemption]	I've never played any of these games before. They all seem to be good, but I can't choose which one to start first?. I'm a fan of most genres, but open-world games like Skyrim which have hundreds of generic fetch quests don't really interest me.    - Darksiders 1 (X360)  - Beyond Good &amp; Evil HD (X360)  - Metro 2033 (X360)  - Metroid Prime (Gamecube)  - Alan Wake (X360)  - Viewtiful Joe (PS2)  - Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker (Gamecube)  - Dark Messiah of Might &amp; Magic Elements (X360)  - Zone of the Enders HD (X360)  - Gitaroo Man (PS2)  -  Noire (X360)  - Dragon Quest 8 (PS2)  - Trauma Center: Second Opinion (Wii)  - Luigi's Mansion (Gamecube)  - Muramasa: The Demon Blade (Wii)  - Killer 7 (PS2)  - Super Paper Mario (Wii)  - Red Dead Redemption (X360)  - Pikmin (Gamecube)  - Pandora's Tower (Wii)
[realm of the mad god, the binding of isaac, hack, slash, loot, castle crashers, cave story+, cladun x2]	What are some of the best games that take up the least amount of disk space?  I have a 4tb desktop drive I'm using to store games but I'd like to store some games on my laptop itself. My laptop is a MacBook Pro though that is dual-booting OS X and Windows and I've only given Windows 50GB of disk space. Since Windows has so much bloat about 30GB is taken up just by Windows and a few programs so I don't have much space left to install anything.  TLDR; What are some of the best games that use the least amount of disk space?
[metal gear solid, deadpool, deadpool, mgs2]	Examples of what I mean:  * Super Paper Mario has a line in the game that refers to the player as a being from another dimension, and the main antagonist plans to destroy all dimensions, so if you don't beat the game it's implied the antagonist will destroy the real world as well. * NiGHTS into Dreams' main character, NiGHTS, lives within dreams. The creator has stated that if you meet NiGHTS in a real dream, you're meeting the real NiGHTS. * Omikron: The Nomad Soul starts out with you transferring your soul into the body of a character in the game.  But not like something that references that the game is a game and doesn't involve the real world at all.  Are there any other kinds of games that would have real life implications like this?  I've got a PC, NES, SNES, GBC, GBA, NDS, 3DS, Wii, Gamecube, PS2, PS3, PS4, 360, PSP, Vita, and N64. So anything for those would  for PC it'd have to be kind of low-end.
[team fortress 2]	Hey there guys!  In games I'm mostly more of a back of the group guy who likes to heal and suppport and I'm looking for games where I can do that. It would be a pre if people like healers/support actually got some credit instead of just the DPS folks!  Games I'm not looking for/ Already tried:  - WoW - Guildwars 1 &amp; 2 - Happy Wars (Great game, tho pretty money grabbing)  EDIT:  From all the healers I've tried Medic in Team Fortress 2 First.. It was a lot of fun and I have to say so myself it went pretty well!  http://  
[system shock 2, baldur's gate]	I'm currently in Peru and my internet connection is almost non existent. I had left my HTPC on at home to stream but the connection is so bad that the quality is less than SD with lots of buffering.   I downloaded the original xcom but it's really frustrating. I also tried some FTL but I've already put dozens of hours into that.   So I need something that will work on a laptop. I don't have specific specs but it will do things like FTL fine. These also need small file sizes. It took about an hour to download FTL 100mb.  Thanks
[final fantasy xiv, runescape, runescape, runescape, runescape, ffxiv, ffxiv]	Ever since runescape drastically changed (when they took out wilderness PvP and set a gold limit on trades), I have been searching for a new game to fill the void. I realize that this was long ago but, I cannot seem to shake the joy that game brought me. Over the years I have tried countless free MMORPGs only to be let down in one way or another. Some of the things I look for in an MMORPG are, a classless system (I want to be able to freely train melee, magic, and ranged without the restraints of a class), a robust crafting system including mining without a limit on how many I train (I love mining in games. I couldn't really tell you why.), a player-driven economy, and many skills to level up at my discretion. It would also need to run decently on a Dell Inspirion 15-35 laptop. I would prefer free to play but, I am aware of the shabby state of most free to play games. I am also willing to play a game that I buy once with no monthly fee. I would like to stay away from monthly fees but, if the game looks like it would fit all of my criteria, I would be willing to give it a shot. My question to /r/gamingsuggestions is, does such an MMO exist and, if so, what might it be called?   I am aware of the old school runescape by jagex but, I would just like to see my other options.  TL;DR: I'm looking for a game like runescape used to be
[long live the queen]	My favorite games all have these similar themes- Spelunky, Dark Souls II, League of Legends, Hearthstone, etc.  I want to be challenged. I want to lose, then analyze what went wrong and improve my strategy for next time. I love learning of or discovering little tricks that make me more effective ( whipping behind you in Spelunky). I love a game that I can really sink my teeth into, that will take me a while to see all of it, and learn things every step of the way, exploration being a plus.  The games I mentioned do these things so well that I'm afraid I've played all the good ones! D: Any suggestions, folks?
[monster hunter]	The best point of reference I can think of is the Dark Souls series. It does this spectacularly.  It's the feeling of being in a very difficult fight, adrenaline pumping, knowing that if you don't dodge that one attack at the correct moment, or hit your estus flask in that exact window when the boss is recovering from an animation, you're fucked. It's reacting to their actions just right every step of the way, and coming out victorious and feeling incredible because of it.  Another great example would be Batman: Arkham Asylum's combat. Going on a 40x combo gives the same great feeling.  Where can I find more of this?
[mystery case files: ravenhearst, planescape torment, the walking dead, grim fandango, heavy rain, ether one, gone home, syberia]	I am so goddamn bored with every single game I play eventually evolving into mowing down mindless hordes of stupid enemies.  Likewise, I'm tired of every game I enjoy the mechanics of (ie Dark Souls) being relatively lite on plot (I know about lore and all that) and heavy on the violence.  So I guess I'm looking for something dark and atmospheric that doesn't involve shooting or hacking and slashing.  Something where I can become absorbed in characters and plot like in a good book or movie without the ridiculousness that seems to be in every game I've played in such a long time.   Edit:  Wow, got a lot more responses than expected!  Thanks for the suggestions everyone, I have a bunch of stuff to try.
[final fantasy, borderlands 2, fantasy games, left 4 dead 2, torchlight 2, skullgirls, mario kart, portal 2, diablo 3, octodad, trine 2]	So, she's interested in trying out a bit of PC gaming, and I want to get her something that will leave a good first impression.  My gaming library is pointed in an entirely different direction, and I'm a bit lost.  Here's some features on what she's been able to communicate to me that she'd like:  * Available on steam * Action - I think she would prefer first person, but isometric might be ok.  Sidescroller brawler/platformer probably too much. * Story driven - No open world, needs to have clear objectives and a plot * Preferably in manga/Asiatic art style * Able to run on a mid range laptop, but I'll set her up with my control pad if needed.  Any ideas?
[for glory]	So lately I've had a real nostalgic call to play an rpg based on actual character development. RPG here being used more in the sense of "role playing" rather than in the sense of having levelable attributes. Where the character development being done has the more "storytelling" definition rather than the one where you become increasingly better at beating people up.  Examples of the older school games that (imo) did this very well:    * Quest For Glory * Planescape: Torment * The first half of Vampire: Bloodlines  If there was a game comparable to Skyrim but without people trying to kill you around every corner and a larger focus on exploring towns, creating trade routes, discovering artifacts/resources the townspeople needed, setting up a shop, acquiring real estate, etc that would be absolutely fantastic.  A game that simulated essentially being the Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (IE the game world is essentially just a medieval earth simulator and your character is just "a guy" who has enough intelligence/outside knowledge to be able to go around making an active difference throughout the world) would be even better...  Doubt anything that exactly fits the bill exists or surely I would have heard of it but if anyone has any ideas of a game or mod for existing game that come's close I'd greatly appreciate them!  =) 
[dragon age: origins, the walking dead, portal 2]	Most (if not all of my friends) have jumped on the Destiny train. Not wanting to buy a console just to play I was wondering what games you guys could recommend for solo play (currently playing walking dead series). I have no real preference in genre/type of game, anything goes.  Series I've played - Mass effect BioShock Batman Assassin's creed Elder Scroll Portal  Other games I've played/have Civ 5, dark souls 1/2, CSGO, dota 2 (can't get into any of the other moba's, been playing original since i was 15) Payday2, Dishonored.   Edit---WOW! I did not expect so many responses! Thank you guys so much it looks like I have quite a bit of new games to try out! 
[dark souls]	What are some good story driven single player games with a bit of action/adventure for PS3? I only got my PS3 last year and I haven't really kept up with the news regarding must-play games.  These are the games I have played (and enjoyed) so far, that fit into the genre:   Metal Gear Solid series  The Last Of Us  Grand Theft Auto V  Skyrim  FarCry 3  Sleeping Dogs  Heavy Rain  Max Payne 3  Hitman: Absolution   These are some games I have found, but I'm not very sure if they'd be my thing:  Red Dead Redemption  Mass Effect series  Bioshock series  Borderlands series    What do you recommend? Any games I missed out on? Maybe some future releases I should keep an eye out for?   Bonus question: I'm thinking of building a decent gaming PC. What are some must-play PC games that fit into this genre?  Edit: thanks everyone, I just ordered RDR! Plus I've made a small list of games I want to play after RDR. But something tells me it'll be a while before I get to that...
[super meat boy]	I'm looking for a PC Platformer and I seem to have played all the good ones.  I just finished Shovel Knight and loved it to pieces, but when I went searching for more platformers to get my fix I couldn't find much.  Short of booting a SNES or N64 emulator, what options are out there? Alternatively, if there's new games on the horizon that I should watch for, I'd be interested in those as well.  Ideally, I'd like something in the style of the N64 Rareware games, or if its 2D, SMW or Megaman.  Though as the PC platformer market is pretty small, I'll take what I can get.  For reference, I've already played Cave Story, Braid and Fez.
[american mcgee's alice, prince of persia, adventure games, child of light, a fairy tale, world games, cinderella, for glory, nearwood, myst]	Hi reddit, I've been a long time gamer and this particular and minuscule sub-genre has captivated me for a while.    Some of the obvious games that come to mind are: Mother Goose, Brothers, The Alice in Wonderland Games, the path etc.  I want a game that places you in an unfamiliar world where you feel curious and unsure, there's a focus on exploring the game rather than executing dexterous actions.    An additional requirement, the game recommendation should be from somewhere somewhat easily attainable, steam or any other online vendor is perfectly fine, but I don't torrent and that would be a pretty obvious barrier for older games.    Edit: list that falls into this category that I've played: Witcher 1, Witcher 2, Child of Light, Bastion, Trine 2, Brothers: Tale of Two Sons, The Path, 
[kotor, myst]	So my dad has been wanting to improve his English for a while so he recently started a course, and it's been going fairly well.  He recently asked me if I knew some games he might enjoy that would help him improve in a more engaging way - practice makes perfect, after all, and many of us non-native speakers learned through the help of our games.  Keeping in mind that he is not exactly a veteran gamer (he'll play some Super Mario World on an emulator or some flash games, but that's it), I was thinking of slow, text heavy stuff like Telltale's The Walking Dead or The Wolf Among Us (though I think the latter would be a bit too much fantasy for him).  Other games I thought of just now:   - Ben There, Dan That &amp; Time Gentlemen Please (text-heavy and no time pressure).   - Scribblenauts (Might be too much for kids though..)  I can't really think of anything else, any help would be greatly appreciated!
[the walking dead, mass effect, tomb raider, starcraft, star wars, sci-fi, sci-fi]	A month or so back I asked r/gamingsuggestions for help in picking up some games that can be played between my classes; And man did you guys really give me good suggestions. So, I come back asking for some more help:  I want the single player experience. I've really only ever played MMOs or some sort of Co-Op style game and I want that to change. I want something that will captivate me, something with story, something that will drag me into wanting to play through a game, finish the story and move onto the next one. Current games like this I have played: Watch Dogs, Portal 1 &amp; 2, TES: Skyrim, Kingdom Hearts series.   Preferably I am looking for a Steam game, or at least something on PC. Thank again for your help guys, you're all awesome!
[fallout new vegas, mass effect, fallout 3]	Hi! Skyrim. I bet that's one of the first things that popped up. One of my favorite games of all times, but I need a break.  I'm looking for games that last a long time. FPS or RPG, with decent graphics (As in.. Red Dead Redemption or above?). Preferably offline. As for graphics - if it's for example a game like Legend of Zelda, or Pokemon, or Minecraft, all of which sort of work well with their graphics, that's fine as well. I hope I'm explaining myself correctly.  Thank you!   Also have an Xbox 360, but I much prefer a PC. If there are some exclusive games I really should try out, please mention them.
[assassin's creed]	I've been playing a bunch of Mount &amp; Blade: Warband lately, and realized that I would love to play something like it but in a naval setting.  I started looking at my options, and ended up getting a bit overwhelmed with options. Here are some of the games I found:  1) Age of Pirates 2 with Gentlemen of Fortune mod  2) Pirates of the Caribbean with New Horizons mod  3) pirates ahoy game - Hearts of Oak - first beta should be coming out soon  4) something from the silent hunter series - bit different but seems like it might be fun  5) assassin's creed: black flag  6) sid meier's pirates (have played this before and it's less in depth than I'm looking for)  Plus any others I missed.  What would you suggest I try first?
[pillars of eternity]	Such as Monteriggioni/Rome/Homestead from the Assassin's Creed series (I didn't like the island from IV because the upgrades seemed so pointless and barely added to the aesthetic/interactivity of the locale), villages from the Dark Cloud series, homes in the Elder Scrolls series (or the excellent Kvatch Rebuilt mod for Oblivion/RTS mods for the Fallout series), etc. This really helps my immersion in a game, having a "hometown" or personal base to come back to with familiar faces and locations I recruited or built myself. Also, are there any mods that expand upon towns or bases in vanilla games, improving them or adding new features/areas (including in games I may have listed)? 
[board games, card game]	My buddies and I are thinking of jumping on a new game to spice things up. We're kind of all over the place. We play Smallworld, Zombies, Munchkin, Tales of Arabian Nights, MTG, and Cards against Humanity when the GF's are there lol. Preferably something that doesn't go too far with micromanaging dozens of small pieces. We'd love to do D&amp;D or Shadowrun we're too lazy/busy for one of us to be a decent DM. Even Risk or Axis and Allies would be interesting but maybe something with a different twist.   Edit: Thanks everyone for all the great suggestions! Most of these look friggin' sweet! This gave us a lot of games to check out. We're going to go with a Forbidden Desert or Pandemic since we haven't played any coop games yet. 
[clean up]	Hello everyone   I am little bit bored since I completed fallout nv and now I am searching for a good open world rpg game. I played Skyrim and Fallout 3 and liked them both but I cound not find a good Skyrim/Fallout like rpg. The thing I love most of these games is that they are open as it can be ,have a first person perspective and there skill system. Now I am searching for a good game with the same amout(or maybe even more) of open world with a first person perspective.   Anbody who knows a good game like that? Also I am not a hardcore rpg fan I just like to have a game where I can do whatever I want without the game being to serious.  Edit. Forgot to mension that I would also like it if it had a lot of side quest because that was the thing that kept my hooked to skyrim for a long time.
[planescape: torment, mass effect]	So yeah, just a story driven open world game with an interesting universe with cool lore and stuff. Something other than the boring cookie cutter medieval fantasy/gritty post apocalyptic stuff. Preferably a game where I can feel like I'm a part of the world. Maybe own a house, make friends, and explore the world. Stuff like that.  Some examples of games I'd be looking for:  * Elder Scrolls: Morrowind * Omikron: The Nomad Soul * Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask * Vampire: The Masquerade ~ Bloodlines * Fallout: New Vegas * Planescape: Torment  Thanks in advance!
[dungeons of dredmor, roguelike]	one of my favorite youtubers [Jef Major](https://, started doing some DDA, and it seems like a fun and interesting concept, i just seriously cannot handle gaming in ASCII. i tried DF in the past, and even tried several of the graphics packs, and to me they all just looked differently, but equally shitty. i just cant play it. it hurts my brain and my eyes.   i can deal without a  clusterfuck of keyboard controls is a challenge i wouldnt mind taking on, but  least 8 bit ! haha. anyways, it seems to me this genre is growing in popularity, and its been a while since i looked around, so i was wondering if you guys could point to anything new
[monster hunter, harvest moon, harvest moon, moon.]	Most RPGs although they might even provide a homebase or homestead, it is usually a token thing, that don't matter much, a example is Fallout 3 and NV, that gives you some house, that although you can costumize a bit and put stuff on it, you won't miss them if somehow they disappeared from the game.  I want games where you can improve something else other than your character (weapons, skills, direct companions don't count, they still serve most for the purpose to buff your own char), and by improve I mean, have some choices too, NOT Divinity Original Sin (where although you get a homestead, its progression is 100% linear, and like Fallout housing, they could be removed from the game and you would not miss much).  The closest thing I have in my head not is... Crusader Kings, but that is not really an RPG, it is more of a grand-strategy game with a bit of RPG stuffed on it.  Honourable mention to Mount &amp; Blade series, that I am unsure if they fit my description or not (although without mods the fiefs upgrades are very shitty and linear, maybe the army fits the question, maybe not, the army kinda feels like is part of your character, but at the same time it is not...)
[thomas was alone]	Hi.  I'm looking for a psychedelic game, or a game that will blow my mind.  Games fitting in psychedelic games : Open Hexagon, some segments of Arkham Asylum, Zeno Clash (didn't really like the second one even if it was a good game), The Stanley Parable.  Games that blew my mind : Zeno Clash, The Stanley Parable (both categories, *woosh*), Antichamber, Portal, Jazzpunk, and other classics.  Reddit, do you have any pearl for me ?  Edit : This can really be any kind of game. I just want my brain to explode. In any possible way.
[civilization v]	I'm looking for the most extreme examples we can come up with. Games that are super easy to play, very casual friendly, don't even need tutorials to start - but that if you want them to be, they can be extremely deep and complex.  Note I don't mean games that start easy but get harder, I mean games that are easy on the surface but very complex if you *choose* to play them that way.   The example in my head that prompted the question are the Pokemon games.  Easy enough that any kid can play through and beat them, but tons of complexity in the underlying mechanics if you want to dig in and min/max to play competitively.
[the witcher, deus ex]	So here's the low-down:  I have a pile of RPGs. Like a lot... I got really excited with Humble Bundles and sales during a low-point. Here's what I am thinking about doing but can't decide and need a good starting point:  Morrowind GoTY - *never played*  Oblivion GoTY - *started but never finished*  Skyrim + all official DLC - *played 100+ hours and finished main quest, never completed Dragonborn or Dawnguard; thinking of starting a new playthrough as it's been awhile since I played it*  Fallout 3 GoTY - *started, never finished*  Fallout NV - *never played*  Fallout 1 and 2 - *never played*  Divine Divinity - *played some*  Witcher 1 + 2 - *started 1, got annoyed with story, does it get better?*  Fable TLC - *Got annoyed with the voice acting but might revisit if worth it*  Dragon Age: Origins - *started, but stopped for some reason*  Mass Effect 1 + 2 - *never played*  All the Deus Ex games - *never played*  I also have all the DnD games from  - *never played*  Please help!!!
[red orchestra, rising storm]	I'd like to play a game with guns that feel, sound and behave in a satisfying, realistic manner. This includes damage modeling that isn't so "health point" based so that you have to spray several rifle bullets at enemies before they die.   Don't really care if it's 3rd or 1st person, don't care if it's some mindless CoD campaign level shit, doesn't matter if it's high intensity constant combat or crazy slow hunting, or even if the game is not much about combat at all.   As long as the guns feel great and realistic-ish, it's good enough. Bonus if there are many guns to choose from.
[nidhogg, nidhogg]	Hey everybody! I recently built an HTPC for my wife and I to enjoy and to play games on when we have company over. I've set it up to run Steam in Big Picture Mode and picked up 2 Logitech F710 wireless controllers with plans to pick up 2 more so 4 people can play games together locally. My current conundrum is finding good local multiplayer games with full controller support. I've bought some fighting games, which is fun for some of my buddies but admittedly not all of my friends can pick them up and learn the mechanics quickly enough for fair/decent matches. I'd like to buy more games that don't have a huge learning curve or require previous genre experience. Three examples that I've grabbed which my wife and I enjoy a lot are Towerfall Ascension, Worms: Clan War, and Monaco. I've also pre-ordered Gauntlet. What other local multiplayer games can you suggest which have controller support?
[killing floor]	I'm a huge Payday 2 fan (~400ish hours) and I'm looking for something sorta similar, in regards to the team-based gameplay aspect and killing hordes of bad guys.  Not L4D (good game, but you don't get to modify weapons or gain XP).  Killing Floor might be what I'm looking for, but I am a little worried about the size of the community since it's a little old.  The new ZMR game is pretty fun (aside from the current lag issues) but the pay to win is too strong there.  What else is out there that roughly meets these criteria?  I'm leaning towards KF at the moment.  Anybody know if that community is still solid?
[divinity: original sin]	Hi all, Looking for a new game to play. Looking for a game that has multiple classes and has promotion in each class (eg squire -&gt;night -&gt; paladin) and character customization (eg stats/skills). and preferably a decent or at least passable story.  Graphics arnt to important but would find it hard to play anything with "worse" graphics than hammerwatch to be honest though.......  Anything that you can recommend to me will be appreciated, btw tried blackgards and kinds bounty and grotesque tactics     So yeah basically after something like fire emblem but not necessarily grid based or turn based.   Sorry for bad post im at work will tidy up at home if needed later.
[civ]	Hey guys, I recently got a MacBook Air for work. I will travel a lot in the coming months and need to put that good battery life to use when I don't need to work!   So I need games that are:    * Mac compatible   * Don't require a mouse (or are fine to play with the trackpad)   * Nothing too gorey or sexual   * Can play for hours      For context, I don't play many games these days except for Hearthstone and League, but used to play RPGs for months, while also enjoying various sports games, especially Football Manager.     Any help welcome! 
[dragon age origins]	so basically i have a computer that can most if not all games and ill make a list of some games i can think of ive played.  * Portal(1 &amp; 2) * Borderlands(1 &amp; 2) * Fable(all of them) * skyrim * fallout 3(and nv) * deus ex(old and new one) * just cause 2 * dead island * dead rising(2 &amp; 3) * left for dead(1 &amp; 2) * dishonored * Mass effect(1-3) * far cry(2 &amp; 3)  and a few things i like/dislike about games- i suck at stealth so i try to avoid any games that force stealth im more of an rpg player or at least a system of leveling. Also i prefer games with better graphics, im not super picky but better looking is better.    
[spec ops]	Looking for a new game to play on PC. I play a lot of Counter Strike but I want to get away from it for a little while. Looking for something HEAVY on story, all story driven. I'd appreciate something more recent since I love putting my graphics card to the test. I've played a lot of games, here's a decent list of recent games i've played.  * Skyrim * Bioshock Series * Max Payne * Witcher (Loved this series) * Farcry * Final Fantasy series * Portal 1, 2 * Bastion * Thomas was alone * Borderlands series * Braid * Hotline Miami * Mass Effect * Mirrors Edge * Saints Row * And many more  So, any ideas? Thanks!
[dark souls]	Basically, I love BL2, but I can only play that for so long till it really starts to repeat. Skyrim is great, and I'm doing a re-mod, but it's not really what I'm looking for right now. What I want to find is an RPG with a really in depth skill system with a really deep skill system. Sort of like Path Of Exile, but I would rather it not be an isometric game (still getting used to those).  I don't mind grindy game play as long as its fun. Played Destiny and I enjoyed aspects of it but the build system isn't really what I was looking for.
[metro last light, metro 2033, blown away]	In the past couple of days I've 'upgraded' from an Xbox 360 and Xbox one to a pretty powerful PC and thus far I honestly haven't seen much of an improvement (in terms of graphics) in games - mostly given that the only console game i've played thus far on my pc is Just Cause 2. That said, I'm looking for games that blow their console versions out of the water and that I can run smoothly (solid 60+ FPS) on ultra with a GTX 780 and 4690K. So far I'm thinking Skyrim, Fallout New Vegas and Far Cry 3, is there any more worth checking out? Preferably single player games.  Thanks
[archeage]	Hi everyone! I'm currently looking for an MMO (ideally an upcoming one) to basically get into and stick with for a long time. Of course that is hard to tell for an upcoming MMO seeing as it hasn't been fully "tested" and reviewed by people to say whether it is good or not. But i'd like to still have some idea or get pointed in the right direction to look.  --------------------------------------------------- So... what are my requirements? Well they include:  Preferred Genres (Fantasy, Sci-Fi, etc.): Anything except military, medieval, post-apocalyptic.   Pricing Model: Free to Play or Buy to Play  Eastern or Western: Either  Combat Type (action, turn-based, tab-target, etc.): Action  Game Type (Sandbox, Themepark, RPG, FPS, RTS, etc.): Any except for RTS, if it is a shooter i'd prefer a third person shooter but i'm fine with FPS as well.  Casual/Hardcore: Any   Released or Upcoming: Upcoming (ideally)  Games Played: Tera, Guild Wars 2, Warframe, Firefall, The Secret World, Spiral Knights, Vindictus  Any preferred features or mechanics?:   -Very high detail graphics  -Not pay to win (if known)  -Does NOT involve zombies - too many zombie games these days &gt;.&gt;  -(Optional) Not by game developers/companies with poor history of games/mmo's such as making pay to win or games with excessive grind, games with little support/updates, etc.  -(Optional) Is available on Steam or may be part of steam at some point.  -(Optional) Great game to play with friends in a coop-like manner  -(Optional) Is not completely out yet so i can perhaps support the game with its founder packs if they are available and i like the looks of the game and such.  --------------------------------------------  So having said all that if anybody could offer some suggestions that would be great! :)
[final fantasy tactics, phantasy star online, shin megami tensei, final fantasy 4, final fantasy 1, kingdom hearts, dragon quest, luminous arc, ogre battle, sweet home, dreamcast, zenonia, twewy, nes, nes]	So I've played some JRPGS but I've never actually finished one. I'm looking for a JRPG that POSSIBLY has a smaller story than typical JRPGS but I'm okay with a JRPG that just has a fascinating story.  Two JRPGS that held my attention for quite a while (but not the entire way through) were Final Fantasy X - more so for the battles, blitzball, as well as the puzzle elements, rather than the Tidus/Luna love shit and the 'Sin' and Tidus Father and all that shit which honestly from my summarization should tell you how little I was invested in the story.  The other RPG was Chrono Trigger, which was really cool, but for some reason as soon as I went to the 'future' in the game I just became very bored, and I really thought that the gameplay didn't have enough variation to keep playing.  So are there any JRPGS for someone like me where I really want to be entertained from beginning to end, with some decent playstyle variations or story that at least doesn't drag on?
[icewind dale]	So my favorite season of the year is coming up and to get into the swing of things I am looking for games in a snowy/winter setting, even if its just a section of the game. I got a pc (can emulate older games btw), ps4, and an xbox 360. Im up to stuff from basically any genre or generation too.  **Stuff I already own/want**:  The long dark  Skyrim (modded)  Assassins creed 3  Mafia 2  Bully  Borderlands  The metro series.  Minecraft  The Batman: Arkham series  **Recommended in the comments**  Icewind Dale series  Brothers: A tale of two sons  The Banner saga  Little inferno  Lost planet  Road not taken  The last of us  Sang-froid  (I'll update the list as if I remember any others or get  recommended games)  Any help would be great. Thanks in advance.  
[the witcher]	Hi! i haven't played an open world game in a while so i'd like some suggestions. Here are the games i have on steam as an example of what i want  Borderlands   Bully  Dead rising 2, not super open world but kind of  Morrowind  Oblivion  Skyrim  All of the fallout games  Gta san andreas  Just cause 1 and 2  Lego marvel super heroes  Mount and blade warband  Rage  Stalker 1 and 2  Saints row 2 and 4, have the others on xbox   Far cry 3  So i want something big enough to keep me entertained for a little while, with lots of side quests. I have a ps3 and 360 if a game suggested is not on PC :) 
[thehunter]	Good morning!  The original Cabela's Big Game Hunter on PS2 is the best hunting game I've ever played. You buy tags, get dropped off in a hunting zone, and run around trying to find the animals you're trying to hunt. A while back, when I first got my PS3, I wanted a graphical upgrade with the same basic concepts, so I got (I think) BGH 2010, and to my disappointment, it was incredibly linear and didn't have any of the features I wanted.  Basically, I want a hunting game (PS3 or PC preferred) with good graphics and the ability to hunt for whatever I feel like hunting.
[gauntlet legends]	All I remember is the game play. It was a Tekken style console(joystick, 4-buttons, etc) It was similar to Skylanders or Disney Infinity(3D graphics Top-down multiplayer Hack &amp; Slash game) with progressive levels and puzzles, you would fight enemies, pick up random boosts and loot, and beat the final boss at the end of each level.  It had a Fantasy theme and allowed for multiple players(Two, Possibly four, can't remember). In multiplayer it was similar to Borderlands(More players, more loot, more/harder enemy spawns) I think the title had Gauntlet or Legend in it.
[capture the flag]	So, the thing is, me, my GF and a friend of mine have some regular evenings where we just grab a few beers and reefers and just sit, playing worms against eachother.  I have been looking for some good games to play as three of us.  The points to filter out those games would be:  * Playing LAN or online behind three computers * One PC has pretty low specs. Looking for older games with lower requirements. * My GF and the friend of mine aren't too good with PC games, so maybe a game (games like Diablo, Contra, Racing games, platform games) that doesn't need getting too much into it.  Does anyone have any suggestions please? I was thinking about Diablo, but maybe there is something smaller (we do like playing worms because its easy and simple even though we couldnt play it behind different computers and sat behind one). Is there something similar to the good old Contra, for example?  If there is a multiplayer co-op older game that we could play on LAN, it would be so awesome. The co-op isn't too necessary though.  Thank you in advance!
[empire earth]	Hey, It's me, Uprising/Rebellion guy again. I'm excited about a new specific genre as well now. I'm looking for a game which goes through the "ages". However, I want it to deal with something specific, so not AoE/AoM/RoN or anything like that (even though they were all amazing, RoN ftw) but something which focuses on a specific aspect.  Tropico 5 is island management through 18th/19th century to late 21st. Train Fever sucks but the idea is pretty good - Trains through the ages. So, care to help me again, GamingSuggestions?
[factorio]	As the titles says, I like supply lines. I sometimes play Wargame: Airland Battle (I haven't bought Red Dragon yet), just to focus on the logistics aspects of it. Making sure all my units are well supplied is very satisfying to me, but I don't know many strategy games where that is as big a factor as I'd like it to be.  HOI3 comes to mind as well, but I'd really prefer something on a smaller scale (Wargamish sounds best) and with higher speed. I also have Unity of Command, which I also like, but I'd really like to have direct command over the supply aspect and I'd like it to be real time as well.  I've heard it said that amateurs study tactics, armchair generals study strategy, but professionals study logistics. I like feeling professional, but not many games I know allow me to. Can you recommend any? 
[pick up, dota 2]	Hey guys. I'm trying to overcome a pretty bad break-up. Now, I'm trying to do a lot of good things (working out, go hang out with friends more) but my social circle is still pretty small. While I work on it, I sit at my PC feeling miserable and sad.   I would like to find some game that can shift my attention from her and from my fuck-ups. I've tried ArcheAge, but even if the game is pretty nice, it really involves a lot of empty  this doesn't do the trick.  I've a pretty good PC and online gaming is welcome.  Thanks for any suggestions you can give me.
[dwarf fortress]	I love RPGs and feel at a loss for what to play next. I don't really have a price range as I'm willing to pay for quality. The consoles I have open to me are PC, PS3, PS4, Wii, Andriod and IOS mobile devices, 3DS, PSP, PS Vita.  **What I want:**  * The option to choose your gender. I'm a girl and would appreciate being able to play as a girl (boobies and stuff).  * Awesome character customization. I'm the kind of person that can spend hours on hair alone.  * A good, dynamic plot. Preferably with a little romance in there, and hopefully the kind that draws you in. I love games where you get to make decisions that actually matter.  **Games I love or have played already:**  * Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic Series (the first is my favourite game of all time, the second was cool, but not as good) * Dragon Age Series * Mass Effect Series  * Jade Empire (ok you caught me, I basically love everything by bioware) * Skyrim Series (I also pretty much love everything by bethesda) * Persona 3 Portable * Divinity: Original Sin * Fire Emblem Series * Fallout Series * Elder Scrolls Series * Dragon's Dogma * Kingdoms of Amalur * Dynasty Warriors Series * Fable Series * Rune Factory 4 * The Walking Dead (although you don't get to play as a girl, the decisions in this game are so intense, it's awesome!) * Saints Row IV  Please feel free to recommend games that don't fit what I want to a T! I'm open to trying new things.  Thanks!  **Edit:** A friend of mine recommended Divinity II. I'd appreciate an opinion, if anyone's played it.
[archeage]	I want something I can jump into with little investment - buying a game is okay, monthly subscription on top of buying the game is less okay. Fun combat is the top priority, good progression is a close second. I'm fine with free-to-play as long as it has a fair business model and isn't a grindfest that basically forces you to buy exp boosters if you want to get anywhere.  Also, I'm mostly a PvE solo player, so having good endgame or good PvP would not make a grindy, boring leveling experience worth it to me. That said, I still like dungeon runs and do want a game that encourages (but doesn't force) group content before endgame.  ---  Stuff I've played (off the top of my head) to try and give you an idea of what I like:  **WoW**: Played during Lich King and Cata, bought MoP and played off and on for a couple months, but I think I'm done for good. Only way I'll go back is if they introduce a new class and new 1-90 leveling content (Cata was the highlight of my WoW life because of the revamped leveling experience. MoP, in comparison, held my interest for about a month because it was just 1-10 and 85-90, and I didn't care for the Monk class at all).  **GW2**: Have it, played it, love it, still jump back in from time to time, but I've just run out of stuff to do. 3 80s, an alt of every class, some dungeon armor, some maxed-out crafting professions, no interest in running fractals, doing the living world story, or trying for legendary weapons. If/when I play again, it'll be when they do another really big content release.  **FF14**: Played it for a little bit, really got into my Lancer and was excited to class change to Dragoon, but once I did... total let down. One new ability for class changing, only able to look forward to one new ability every 5 levels, and the combat didn't change in the slightest from when I was a lancer. Game just felt too much like WoW with less cool abilities. I hear a lot of praise for endgame content, but just getting to level 30 (+15 in Marauder so I could class change) felt grindy enough.  **WildStar**: Played with a trial pass, not interested. Maybe if I hadn't played GW2 to death first I'd like it more, but it feels like GW2 IN SPACE with less of the "convenience" features that GW2 has done so well and more of the WoW-style quests I've grown tired of.  **Neverwinter**: Do they have a fire/lightning wizard yet? Or an assassin class? As much as I love the combat and spell effects, Control Wizard just wasn't doing it for me and Trickster Rogue was close but not quite what I want. I'm an Ele Shaman/Fire Mage/Destro Lock/Subtlety Rogue kind of player, and Neverwinter's classes just didn't fit for me. Not sure if I trust the business model either - when I last played, you had to either have astronomically good luck or use real money to get the best gear augments/enchantments/whatever they're called (there was a low chance of success when upgrading high-level enchantments, unless you bought an item from the cash shop that gives your next upgrade a 100% success rate).  **Rift**: Played during launch, was a fun time. Tried revisiting when it went free-to-play, but the PvE was still way too WoW-like (even with the rifts) and the Saboteur class got nerfed into oblivion so I didn't find PvP as fun either.
[divinity: original sin]	Specifically, I'm looking for a game with the following characteristics:  * Stats that I can level ( atk/def/agi/wis/int/luck, and I choose which stat to put points into)  * Classes  * Loot that affects stats/gives neat effects  * Combat in whole or in part based on dice rolls  * Not as important, but still neat: Crafting  Things I've played:  * **SW:KOTOR (I and II)**  * **Dragon Age: Origins**  * **Tales of Maj'Eyal**  * **Fallout (3 and NV)**  * **Mount and Blade: Warband**  * Summon Night: Swordcraft Story (1 and 2)  * Rune Factory (all)  * Skyrim and Morrowind  * Baldur's Gate (The  to its age not agreeing well with my computer, I didn't like it that much)  * Deus Ex: Human Revolution  * Final Fantasy (I dislike FF games. ^^please ^^don't ^^hurt ^^me )  * Mass Effect 1  The games closest to what I want to play are the first five. Unfortunately, I'm a bit burnt out on all of them.   I'd maybe enjoy Baldur's Gate if I could "modernize" it a 'm having a few technical difficulties, plus the aged graphics and control scheme is a bit hard for me to get past, so a few mod suggestions would also be appreciated. Still, I want a list of things to check out.  Edit--I'd like to thank everyone who commented--I may not reply to you all, but I'm grateful for the leads, and pleased that you all seemed to understand what I was looking for!
[the binding of isaac, roguelike, roguelike, spelunky]	I am a diehard roguelike fan, I don't have much roguelike in my library but i'm pretty certain you can't suggest much roguelike that's not already in my wishlist, i'm looking to explore into other genres.  Non-roguelike that I already have and enjoy:  Papers Please-I love these unique concept of games  Prison Architect-50 hours into this baby, I quite enjoy stimulation games like this and also management  Battleblock Theather-I don't enjoy those level by level platformers cause I feel they are too fixed to be played in a certain way, but this one is a big exception  Non-roguelike that I already have and don't enjoy (you can still recommend similiar genres though):  Syberia/Monkey Island series-I dislike, hate point and click with a passion  Bastion/Torchlight-Don't know if I just don't enjoy RPG or these are just not for me, really wanna try some RPG that suits my tastebuds  Desktop Dungeon/Shadowrun-Turn base is not appealing to me, strategy is though  The Bridge/Blood of the werewolf-Dislike these level by level platformers, The Bridge almost made me feel asleep, not proud to say that  Sorry for being so picky, I can still try some genres I don't usually prefer, I'm ready to try new stuff but please no  MMO, Dota 2 showed me the bad side of MMO, I honestly get panic attacks and also preferably no FPS  Really, thank you /r/gamingsuggestions for any input
[jade empire, mass effect]	Some of my favorite ones I've already played: The Mass Effect series, Dues Ex: HR, the fallout series, Far Cry 3 and The Witcher 2. I've also played and thoroughly enjoyed: Elder Scroll games, walking dead and the wolf among us, red faction: guerrilla, and prototype.   I've played bioshock 1, infinite, batman arkham games, Just Cause 2 and metro 2033 but for some reason I had trouble getting into them.  I'm pretty open to ideas- for example, I sometimes like shooter campaign games as long as they have a good story that pulls you in, like max payne 3.  I lean toward enjoying sci-fi games more but it definitely isn't required. 
[out there]	I just bought Majesty Gold HD, and I haven't played it yet but the idea of having heroes and units operate independently is intriguing, because unit management is something that usually puts me off RTS games, especially when the controls/interface are fiddly (and I hate memorising hotkeys).  Basically I don't like being responsible for individual unit behaviour (micro) but I like being able to make strategic decisions or influence something when I feel like doing so. I also don't like feeling rushed or being spammed with lots of minor decisions.  I've tried games like Europa Universalis 4 and Crusader Kings 2, and while the idea of those games appeals to me, I find them a bit dull in practice - once you understand the interface and mechanics, there's not actually much depth to them. I quickly get bored of 'map painting' (conquering land for its own sake) and controlling armies in war.  Thanks for any suggestions! 
[shadow of mordor]	***Quick note. I'm on PS3.***  I'm wanting a mix of:  * Assassins Creed (series)  * Dark Souls 2  * Fable (series)  * Skyrim  I'd like a game with the following:   1. Open world/Free roam/Sandbox. 2. Medieval/Renaissance theme/Setting/Lore. 3. Dark Souls 2 style graphics.  4. RPG elements of Skyrim. 5. I wanna be able to use magic.  6. If possible, voice acting like Dark Souls 2 7. The fighting style of the game has to be like Skyrim and Dark Souls 2. I don't like it when the game forces you into a restricted battle area. 8. I want a level up system to be more similar to Dark Souls 2. (Though Skyrims is nice, but once I found a hole in the system, it was easy to exploit.)  9. I'd like the game to have an autumn look to it.  10. Both character and class customization similar to Skyrim.  11. Like in the Elder Scrolls series, I'd like it if there was more than just one faction.   Like Skyrim, **the camera has to be [3rd person!](http://** No [overhead](http:// views!   * I've been playing Skyrim, but it gets stale after a while...  *  I enjoyed Dark Souls 2 while I had it, although some parts got annoying and I just had to stop...   **Games I've tried:**  * Demon Souls  * Dark Souls/2  * Assassins Creed Revelations/4   **Games I couldn't get into:**  * Dragon Age  * Dungeon Siege  * Oblivion  Genres I'm not a fan of:  * Turn based strategy.  * Side scrollers. * First/third persona shooters.   Please don't recommend a sequel/prequel to a game I've already tried. If a game is missing an element that I've listed, please let me know!  
[gta v]	1. Is it worth it for one game? Like I said, I believe in the [PC Master Race](http:// and am very likely not getting other games.  2. If I do get, what kind do I want? I found a bundle on craigslist for $130 (includes 360 slim w/120gb hdd, all cords, halo ed controller.) I also found a refurbished one on ebay for same price (includes 360 slim w/4gb hdd, wireless controler, hdmi cable.) Obviously, I would want bigger hdd, but is it that important?   3. If I do get, do I trust a used or refurbished one?   Edit: I'm not getting. Thanks for screwing my head on straight, reddit! 
[fire emblem: awakening, tales of the abyss, bravely default, dragon quest]	So I'm a big fan of JRPGS, I recently finished lost odyssey, And just about done my playthrough of ff4 (DS) Wondering what you guys would suggest me playing next. I right now have a WII U, PS3, And a 3DS. I was thinking of getting into the fire emblem games, Maybe getting the 3ds version, I do enjoy Final fantasy tactics advanced 1 and 2, as well as disgaea. so maybe i'd like that as well. the other series i'm thinking of getting into is Dragon quest, I have played a tiny bit of the one for PS2, and enjoyed it, the stary skies one is on sale for cheap at a game store near my place so i was thinking of getting it (although a friend of mine says that it's not as good without friends) So what are your guys thoughts on these two games/series? Any other suggestions? New/classic or otherwise? thank you :)
[patrician iii: rise of the hanse]	What is in your opinion the best merchant game ever?  Mind you I am saying merchant, not necessarily space merchant, or even a travelling merchant.  But also mind you, this is about being a merchant, being a producer/looter/manufacturer of goods (Harvest Moon, most of Recettear after the start of the game) don't count, being a transporter company (Transport Tycoon) is not that either, and being a large holding company owner (Capitalism series) don't count either.  I am looking for stuff like Elite, Privateer, Machiavelli the Merchant Prince (long name that game no? also Machiavelli has nothing to do with the game, you don't even play on his home city), High Seas Trader...
[universe sandbox]	Games that you have the option to interact with, or maybe get things started, but otherwise can sit back and watch everything manage itself.  Examples would be [Star Wars Episode 1: The Gungan Frontier](http:// which is fun to set up an ecosystem and just watch. There is also [Species ALRE](http:// which is perfect but unfinished and crashes after things start getting interesting for me. Moving to a different genre, there is [Distant Worlds](http:// with the option to fully automate your empire, so you can simply sit back and watch all of the civilizations go about their business.   I am looking for more, though. Does anyone know of any other games along these lines?
[natural selection]	Hey guys. I've been playing Sanctum 2 a fair bit recently and really enjoying it. I've also played both Orcs Must Die! games.      What I'm looking for is a game that lets you play it like an RTS with an overhead view, and then lets you jump into the action as a FPS.   If there is resource and unit management that would be great.   I know you can sort of do this with custom Zeus scenarios in ARMA 3, but not sure if you can switch between Zeus and playing as a unit.    If it's an open world type game, all the better!   edit: I'd prefer singleplayer 
[this game]	I'm looking for games that give you some freedom, with a military/war theme, that allow you to sort of craft your own escapades. For example, I found the **Total War series** (especially Rome 1 to Medieval 2) to be a fairly good idea of what I'm looking for. However, it doesn't have to be exclusively this theme! I'd settle for something like Port Royale even.   You could inject your own little personality into the generals and lead them around on your own conquests. It wasn't impossible to go and do something ridiculous like send a boat load of men to Egypt from Rome and go at it.   I'm about to start playing **King Arthur** again but I'm wondering what else would allow me to play like this. I hear **Expeditions: Conquistador** might be a good bet but I'd like to hear other opinions too!  Thanks in advance. 
[the sims, diablo 2]	Hey guys. A few years ago, I built a decent PC for my grandpa to replace his dying Windows XP one. For his recent birthday, I bought him a used 270X. The problem that I'm having is finding games that he enjoys, or can actually play without getting too confused.  I asked him what games he used to play, and he broke out an old DOS computer. He opened his games folder and I saw Doom, Hexen II, Descent, Duke Nukem 3D, Star Wars Rouge Squadron, Tie Fighter vs. X-Wing, Lemmings, Tomb Raider, Diablo, that sort of stuff.  I started out by giving him the few copies of games that I had left in my inventory. These included Torchlight 1 and 2, Skyrim, MTG 2013, Bioshock, Fallout 3, Descent, Civ 5, and War Thunder.  We tried Bioshock for an hour, but he would constantly become confused with where to go, and didn't understand how the compass that pointed you towards your objective was oriented. He tried Skyrim, and enjoyed it, but feels like it's too complicated to play by himself with all of the armor, spells, etc. Descent provided some nice nostalgia for him, but he beat it within a day. MTG was waaaay too complicated, but I figured since he was part of a bridge club that he could handle MTG easily. As a result, I haven't bothered having him try Civ 5. He has played puzzle games like Limbo or Thomas Was Alone, but sometimes they require too much coordination for him to make certain jumps.  On the bright side, he absolutely LOVES Torchlight. I think he has logged 500 hours between both games and has multiple max level characters. Unfortunately, he also has a very... interesting playstyle. He needed my help one day to beat the final boss, so he booted up the game. Then my eyes saw the most horrible, confusing thing I had seen in a video game; thousands upon thousands of weapons scattered about the town, organized into piles by type and rarity. He didn't know how to sell items. No biggie, I figured. I'll show him how. Then I realized that he had no skills in his hotbar. He had beaten the game dozens of times only right clicking, using potions, and with the benefit of some passive skills.  I tried showing him PoE in despiration to find another free dungeon crawler, but as I'm sure you can predict, there was too much to it. So now I'm here to ask you guys; what's an easy-to-play game that's relatively cheap, has a very easy to manage or non-existant inventory and skill system, is non-FPS, and has multiplayer so that he can play with me?
[game over, catch it]	Hi guys. I'm looking for a game to sink some time into. PC only. Something that is a mixture of a grind fest and skill involved. I like all genres of games I just want something to get lost in. An online game would be nice but I really don't like playing WITH others. I only like competing against them. Doesn't have to be the most popular game around, as long as it still sees some play.   If the game is extremely mainstream, chances are I've played it (anything from Blizz etc). I REALLY wanted to give Destiny a go due to the gear grind but it is not on PC :(.  Doesn't have to be the biggest muti million blockbuster at all. Even A 10 buck game could do the trick if it's good enough.    
[lego star wars, indiana jones]	My girlfriend has recently shown interest in playing video games with me. The difficulty I'm having is that I don't think I have any games that she'd actually like to play. The only thing I know about her (limited) gaming history, is that she used to have an N64 and played things like Mario Kart. I know this is not much information to go off of, but does anybody have any recommendations as to games that I could buy that female (or perhaps more appropriately, new gamer) friendly that we might enjoy playing together? I have an Xbox 360 and an Xbox One. Any help would be greatly appreciated!
[football manager, rollercoaster, cities xl]	I really love games where you star building something or improve a character and start getting better and better overtime but the games never have a definitive end (or the end is so far away that you don't think you're going to reach it any time soon), but I don't feel that PC have many of that type of games so I'm recurring to you guys for some help. The genre of the game don't really matter, it can be some kind of RPG, simulator (specially one with some economy aspect), building game, or whatever fit the criteria except MMORPGs.  Some games I played that I feel have some of that:  * Harvest Moon * Eurotruck * Sims 3/4 * Skyrim with mods
[romance of the three kingdoms, nobunaga's ambition, final fantasy i, genghis khan, suikoden iii, ninja]	I today remembering there are a couple of JRPGs with some... interesting mechanics...  Romancing Saga for SNES for example had multiple characters with multiple stories (one for each character) an some of them had very different gameplay (I never played with that particular character, but seemly one of the characters is a general, and you instead of just normal RPG battles you can also engage in army vs army battles with that character).  Or Dark Cloud with its village rebuilding thing. (too bad you don't have to manage anything, and just put stuff in place).  Or Recettear  And many, many other games.  So, what is your JRPG with interesting mechanic? Also, you can list non-JRPG if it is interesting enough. (ie: typical CRPG stuff don't count for CRPG to be listed)
[firefall]	So I am really into the cyberpunk genre and futuristic stuff in general.  I had in mind some kind of cybersoldiers like metal gear solid rising or warframe with fighting mechanics that every move you make really counts.  When it comes to visuals i am a huge fan of something that comes close to something realistic than cartoony. Dont get me wrong I love the glowing effects and the huge explosions but not in a world where te characters look like toy figures.  I have trying looking arround the web but I havent really found anything close to my taste.   If you guys have anything in mind please share!! thanks :D 
[kerbal space program, rollercoaster tycoon, this game, minecraft, minecraft, sim city]	For this upcoming Christmas I will be building a PC for my nephew. My sister was going to buy him a OEM PC until I talked her out of it. I have an extra GTX 660 that I will throw in there for him which will probably be paired with an i3. However, when it comes to games for kids I am lost. I would like to pre-load the HHD with everything, , OS, Steam games, etc so we can just assemble everything come X-Mas day. Any suggestions? I know at one time he had a DS and a Wii but not sure about the games he played. This will be his first PC and hist first intro to PC gaming. TL;DR: 9 year old's first PC, need ideas for games (preferably titles that are available on Steam).
[free will, archeage, aion]	I've realized that one of the things I like the most about Aion and Archeage is the flying(wings)/gliding and exploring. Does anyone have a game where it's just simple flying/exploration like with Aion's wings and Archeages Gliders? Single player or multiplayer is fine, PC game.   To be clear, I don't mind airplanes but my hope is to find a game where there's no set paths - I can just fly and explore. Airplane/Flight Simulators ones I've seen usually have objectives/set paths and turn into crashing your airplane or shooting things.   edit: added in more information
[plants vs zombies, bloons]	Hi I work with an elementary student with autism who really likes Plants vs Zombies. So I have been using it as a positive reinforcement but I want some more games I can set up as well in case he gets bored of that one. It doesn't have to be a tower defense game, it could be anything.   Some aspects of Plants vs Zombies that I think he likes are-  * The strategic, mathematical aspect of resource/time/cooldown management. He likes math  * Colorful aesthetic appeals to kids (more important for children with disabilities than you might think)  * Game allows for some choice/creativity in how you play (you can choose your plant selection and how to arrange them on the field)  * Not super hard, but enough deliberate decision-making to make a victory feel very rewarding.  * Does not require much physical dexterity. You just point and click, there is no active element and the timing is very lenient.  What I like about it  * Can be considered to have educational value as it gets the player thinking about numbers. Its not calculus but for example he is using math to consider how many plants he can buy with how much sun he has on hand and how much sun he is producing overall.  * One level can fit into a short 5 min break, and it is very replayable  * No microtransaction-based bullshit. There are coins you can buy but they just unlock minigames and stuff. The main game is fine to play without spending any coins.  Thanks for any suggestions. Price is no object but please nothing that includes more than a few nonessential IAPs or requires IAP based currency to play. I was thinking SpaceChem but I think that might get too hard pretty fast. I was also thinking 2048, but that can get kind of boring to play for more than a minute or two, plus the aesthetic is very drab. He also told me he liked playing Clash of Clans, but that game doesn't really work well when played in 5 minute breaks, and the whole "pay to skip this X hour wait" thing is not a concept I want to condone. Please note, I know its the first thing that comes to mind, but he actually isn't a big fan of Minecraft. Anything overtly educational is a big bonus but it does have to be fun.
[dungeons of dredmor]	I love everything about RPG's but I always feel like Skill systems are somewhat lacking, I know RPG's aren't all about fighting and stories and characters etc important but I feel it gets a bit boring when in every single RPG a warrior is going to have a shield block and a charge ability, there's a rogue which will deal 2x when it attacks from stealth, the mage will be able to keep the enemy in place with ice. Is there any RPG where the abilities are unique and less bland/generic, I don't mind if it's fantasy or Sci-Fi, Turn based or ARPG as long as it has some kind of combat that differs from the norm. 
[armies of exigo]	Recently reinstalled the old Warcraft III and Frozen Throne. Had a big blast, afterwards I wanted something new to play, another RTS so I tried out StarCraft II, while I did finish the game, I didn't like it as much as warcraft (I'm not that big on the sci-fi in RTS, I'm super fine with fantasy though).  RTS games I enjoyed ranked from BEST to GOOD:         Warcraft III Reign of Chaos + FT   Age Of Mythology   Battle For Middle Earth II &amp; expansion   Age Of Empires II    Age Of Empires III   Command &amp; Conquer Generals Battle Realms &amp; expansion   Empire Earth   Rise Of Nations      ****TL;DR - Fantasy RTS ?****     EDIT 1: Formatting &amp; Completion - Edit 2: Second Completion
[tales of symphonia ]	I've been playing a few RPGs recently, and I'm shopping around for another one. Essentially I'd like a game with a world that you want to explore, just for the sake of it. I've played Skyrim, Ni No Kuni and Dragon's Dogma recently, all of which I enjoyed. Skyrim for the general ability to go anywhere, Ni No Kuni for the aesthetics and Dragon's Dogma for the combat.  I'd really like to get into a story though, Ni No Kuni had a decent yarn, but it didn't really grip me that much and at times, maybe because of the characters, felt a little patronising. (I thought the fairies were fantastic though)  I don't mind if the game is linear, what kind of battle system it has or anything like that. I just fancy getting involved in a world.  TLDR: I want a cool world to interact with and get lost in. Also, assume I haven't played a lot of games.
[garry's mod]	I'm thinking something like GTA online or Just Cause multiplayer mod, but something with more people playing, and more of a goal in mind (not completely aimless).  I really wanted to get into Rust, 7 days to die, and the Stomping Lands, but it seems all of those games have a heavy focus on grinding resources, travelling long distances, and very few social interactions. I want something where you can just jump in, hop in a jeep or something, pick up some dudes (mic support is a huge bonus) and go driving around taking bases or doing crazy fun shit.   Something I can just hop on and relax and have a few good hours of play without worrying about chopping down 50 trees and swinging my hatchet 800 times to build a foundation, and then getting robbed in 2 seconds.
[star wars battlefront ii, deadly premonition, castle crashers, worms reloaded, saints row iv, borderlands 2, dungeon crawl, just cause 2, zeno clash 2, shoot em up, hammerwatch, roguelike]	We've played it all. I know there are some of you out there that are experiencing the same problem   You think i'm joking but my friend and I are sitting here having played everything we could think to interest us. We've been gaming for 5 years together.   I have a monster computer and my gaming career began on the pc with Battle for Middle Earth: 1, Delta Force, and Diablo. He has an alright computer and his gaming began with Battlefront, Battlefield, and Halo.    Sometimes we play games till we run out of love for it- aka minecraft. We played that game until we couldn't bear to touch it anymore. We buy shooters, puzzlers, everything. We both buy separate games that interest us on steam and play them for a bit, and share them over steam- but none of those new ones have 100's of hours of game time. None of them have caught much interest yet  We have lists and lists of games and everyday we come home on a free day and say *but deltie, we should play a game today!*  Then it's always followed by *what game?* and then silence.  I'll give you a list of games we've played until we cried ourselves to sleep over because we've played so many fucking hours on it.   * League of Legends * Minecraft * EVE * ARMA * Left 4 Dead * Left 4 Dead 2 * Killing Floor * World of Tanks * Warthunder * Ghost Recon Phantoms * CIV 5 * Dungeon Defenders * Every call of duty ever fucking made * Every battlefield ever fucking made * Most assassins creed except for black flag * TF2 * Fallout * Mass Effect * Company of Heroes  * DayZ * Orcs must die * Crysis * Saints Row 3 * GTA * Total War * Torchlight * Trine * Witcher 2 * Dragon Age * Batman * Elder Scrolls * War of the roses/chivalry/warband/Napoleonic  * Red Alert * Starcraft * Ghost Recon * Rainbow six * Medal of Honor * Counter Strike * Star Wars Battlefront (RIP) * Portal * Portal 2 * EURO TRUCK SIM * TAGPRO IM GOING FUCKING WEBGAMES HERE * COOKIE FUCKING CLICKER   I'll give you the last kicker- we're downloading Dota 2 after years of being diehard league fans. I still cling to league but he doesn't. We're trying something new. Even though fuck Dota.  If you've got a rad fucking game that you're hiding from us- I would love to hear it. Preferably multiplayer. I honestly don't give a shit if it isn't. You guys rock
[saints row iv]	What game can you recommend in case I want to feel omnipotent? I want to completely obliterate my opponents, to destroy them without a moments thought. Never mind difficulty or such things, what I'm looking for here is the exact opposite of Dark Souls in terms of hardness.   More difficult bosses aren't an issue. Currently I'm playing Destiny, and I like how it feels when I'm completely shooting the crap out of the lower level guys, and then have to work for the bosses.      I'm not looking for a particular style or genre of game, I just want to overpower everyone.  I'm on PC and PS3.
[ftl: faster than light]	I've played a lot though, and I can pretty much nail exactly what the problem was with each one.  &amp;nbsp;  **Sid Meier's Pirates** --There weren't any fleets :\  &amp;nbsp;  **Akella Games with Pirate Ahoy Mods** -- Almost perfect, but even with the Uncharted mod too much Jank  &amp;nbsp;  **X3** -- Way too complicated, I turned it on, tried to fly around and turned it off  &amp;nbsp;  **ACIV** -- Almost perfect Except you can't have a fleet sail around with you, and it ends way too soon. Not sand-boxxy enough  &amp;nbsp;  **Pirates of Black Cove** -- Really just a bad game all together  &amp;nbsp;  **East India Company** -- Too slow, and I can't board ships  &amp;nbsp;  **Carribean!** -- This one is good, but it's still too janky.  &amp;nbsp;  Are there any games I haven't listed? If you recommend something perfect for me, I'll try it out if I love or like it, **you'll get $20 steam dollars!**   &amp;nbsp;  *(You'll put an item on the market for 20 + Steam Tax$, and I'll buy it from you!)*  &amp;nbsp;  Let me know what you like in the genre. I'll pick a winner as soon as I get a game I like, or the best suggestion after a week, which ever comes first.
[thomas was alone]	I know games like Gone Home have been mentioned here a lot, but I have a very specific problem that made me avoid most of the recent barrage of atmospheric, (mostly) first person games.  That problem, I do NOT like to be scared.  What I need you to help me find are games I can know going in aren't supposed to be scary.  So, no scary enemies, no purposeful jump scares (the lightbulb in Gone Home is close, but not a deal breaker. was much scarier 'cuz I didn't know for sure this wasn't a horror game), etc... So no Amnesia! :P (Some platforming, simple npc's acceptable)  If you've played them, please start with the games I'm wondering about (tell me if they fit) but also suggest new ones. thx :)  [Games I've played: Gone Home, Shelter, Story About My Uncle, Lifeless Planet, The Stanley Parable, Brothers: Tale of Two Sons, Portal, Dead Cyborg]  [Game I'm wondering about: Dear Esther, The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, Ether One, MIND: PATH TO THALAMUS, Among the Sleep, Dream, Eleusis, Homesick, Infra, NaissanceE, The Old City]
[king's quest, for glory]	I am a huge fan of games like Myst series and The Longest Journey who both have breathtaking worlds to explore. [Oh](http:// [Man](http:// [Thats](http:// [Bjortefooll](http://  TLJ is still one of the best looking games I know of even with its very outdated graphics so I wont mind older games if they have awesome world design. Also I prefer stylized over realistic   So I am in need of games from any age that have worlds and scenery that are a joy to explore. Fantasy is prefered but any genre is welcome, be it sci-fi or apocalypse or even underground.  Must be pc or at least be able to emulate it on a pc.  Bonus points if it's a slow paced game so I can sit down and enjoy the view.   Edit: Few examples of games I've played with fantastic scenery.   * [Dishonored](http://  * [Grim Fandango](http:// * [Heart of Darkness](http:// * [Bioshock: All of em](http:// 
[test drive unlimited 2, world racing, ubisoft, nfs, nfs]	So I recently got in the mood for a racing game and I loved the customization and feel of NFS U2. You drive around a cool city in a car you can customize down to the decals and even technical aspects like suspension. The car felt like your own and driving it around felt cool.  So I bought Shift 2 used from Gamestop and it is NOT the same game, I couldn't even get past the intro it was so annoyingly difficult. Touching an obstacle or another car would send you back a few places from losing control, but it would happen whether you were slamming into them or vice versa, so I'm planning on returning it.  Does anybody know of a racing game that has the feel, or at least customization, of Need for Speed Underground 2 but is for the PS3 or 360?
[dark souls]	I know the title is vague. I don't know what else to write.  I get really bored with games, usually playing for 2-3 days and then never touching them again, I think the last game I played to completion was Mass Effect 3.  I prefer PC games but have a 360 as well, though I'm pretty shit with a controller.   I despise platformers, anything with an asian art style and ultra retro games.  The only games to ever hold my attention longer than a few days are League of Legends and an old MMO called Asheron's Call.  Any suggestions are welcome
[animal crossing, harvest moon]	Hello. I am looking for a peaceful RPG like game, centered on having a role in the game world.  Preferable that the game has NPC's and the world goes on without me doing anything, NPCs that actually do things other than stand around and wait for you to do everything (skyrim/Oblivion-ect).  Something similar to a game I played some years ago, where I mainly farmed/crafted for the other players on the server to have food/items to adventure and fight with.  I already have all the X games (x2-x3), but was wanting something more fantasy/planet based. Not looking for any P2P mmos as funds are limited at this time.  Would prefer the game to be single player, but willing to try F2P mmos.  Main things I want, Non combat farming/crafting rpg-ish game with NPC's that don't rely on you for everything. Some/limited combat is not a issue. Like if minecraft and banished merged and you played as a villager. Also looking at gnomoria and kenshi but wary of how incomplete they may be.  Thanks!  Edit.  I just remembered I used to be into crafting on SWG and [RPGWO](http:// and anything similar to that is more than welcome.
[bioshock 1, far cry 2, crysis]	I just finished playing Portal again, but this time I played it "in character", putting myself into the game, and voicing my thoughts as if I were the character. So instead of thinking "how do I want to play this game", I was thinking "what do I need to do here." It was definitely a different experience this time around, so I was thinking of finding other games where I can do a similar thing?  What are some good games apart from the Elder Scrolls and Half-Life series that have silent protagonists? Ideally first-person, but not necessarily. I know Dishonored is one, but I'd like to see whatall suggestions you guy have!  Thanks!
[space engineers]	My 3 most anticipated games in the near future, Star Citizen, Elite Dangerous, and No Man's Sky, have all turned out to be open universe space sims.  Problems are, the wait is way too long for all of them and I've never played something like this before.    I like Racing and Flight sims, but I've never actually played a space one.  Any suggestions to tide me over until Elite Dangerous?  Some extra info, I love trading, I don't have a flight stick (yet), and I love first person and cockpit views.  Thanks in advance for any suggestions.
[dark souls, this game]	I am trying to regain the love I once had about videogames, but for the last years I have felt more and more that most of the games I have played are a waste of time when I think back on them (from Dota to MMORPGs to the generic shooter).  Good fun for the sake of it has its place (I loved Super Hexagon, Borderlands or Hotline Miami to name a few) but I am looking for something that when completed I feel like it has added something to my life in someway, whether because it made me think or feel something special and not just that I am headshotting evil nazi zombies again and again.  For example when I finished Bioshock 1 I felt extremely happy for having went through that experience, I could say the same about games like Portal 2, The Walking dead, Brothers: A tale of two sons, Arcanum. I notice I might be leaning too much on narrative focus games like Heavy Rain or To The Moon, but I don't mind challenging gameplay. Any ideas?
[wizard wars, game on]	I kinda feel like there's too much junk going on in LoL and not enough killing.     Farm these NPCs, wait through 3 phases, learn/copy online tech trees, buy item upgrades during match.  And then your characters only have like 4 abilities.      I come from a WoW arena background and used to really like that pvp but the old [press 2] --&gt; [fires heat seeking spell] got old.      So I'm looking for competitive online PVP games, preferably a little more 'aiming' than wow and without all the clutter of LoL.    So what do you got?   
[alien isolation]	I mainly ask this because of multiple reasons. Mainly because I am interested in getting one of these. But also I have very little amount of fun money and can only get one of them if possible.  First things first, as Resident Evil 4 fan and a Alien Fan, which one would be better in your opinion for me to play?  Secondly, how long are each of these games? I don't want to spend 60 bucks on a game that only lasts five hours.  Third and finally. What are the games main faults?  Thank you all for any help in this decision about these two horror games which I hope to be able to play. Maybe one sooner than the other.
[vampire: the masquerade - bloodlines]	I'm going to be digging into System Shock 2 and it's kind of the perfect game for me this time of the year with a sort of horror element that relies on more psychological aspects. I'm also going to be wading into Planescape: Torment which isn't a horror game but pretty dark in its own way. I'm looking for more suggestions in a similar vein. For example other games I'm considering are Shadowrun(Genesis, SNES and PC versions, it's going to be a busy autumn!), I Have No Mouth and I Must Scream, A Mind Forever Voyaging, Outlast, Pathologic and Metro 2033.  Unfortunately I've played a few of the above games and would prefer to play something original if I can. Any suggestions for something in a similar vein? Suggestions can really be any platform ie SNES, Sega Genesis, PS2, GBA and PC. Go nuts. Thanks!
[fifa]	So last year I built a computer and I put an ok graphics card in it [AMD 7850] I keep flip flopping on the idea of upgrading it, especially when the GTX 970 is hardly ever in stock, especially the one I would want. As a result, I am debating getting a PS4 to hold me over until mid January (about the time I would look to upgrade the pc if I got a PS4). I have a PS3, and vita, as well as ps+, and I am definitely going to get one once Uncharted comes out. However there is a bundle for $509 which includes the Destiny PS4 bundle, another game, and an extra controller. I would bet that this is the same type of bundle that is offered on black friday. I currently own most the system agnostic games on the pc(not watch dogs or wolfstein however), and I own the last of us for ps3. If I was to get this I would want a proprietary title as an extra. Is there another excellent game for the PS4, or should I keep waiting? 
[golden sun]	I have been watching playthroughs of FF7/8 at work and really want to play a JRPG again, the only problem is that so many of the older ones are *way* too long for me now, they'd never be able to keep my attention.  I love Final Fantasy for the awesome customisation systems they have, materia, GFs, FF9s item ability learning, the job system, the sphere grid etc are all really fun systems and having something interesting/unique like those systems is the most important thing for me.   The setting isn't too important, though a good story is a plus. Ideally hoping for 10-20 hours long and of moderate-high difficulty.  Thankyou so much!
[drakengard 2, nier]	I posted this in the /r/games suggestion thread, but I think I was too late and I won't get a response. So here's what I posted:  &gt;I have been desprately searching for a current gen JRPG I haven't played yet. Unfortunately, it seems I've exhausted all my options for PS3. So aside from blowing money on a 360 to finally play through Lost Odyssey, there's not a lot I can do, so I'm broadening my search.  &gt;I don't know if anyone has paid attention to my stuff about Drakengard 3 on the "What Have You Been Playing" threads, but it's been an very, very big disappointment for me. I absolutely adored Nier, I feel like it was the most underrated game of the last console generation. So I was hoping for more of the same from Drakengard 3... and just haven't got it.  &gt;So I guess what I'm looking for would be something akin to Nier/Drakengard 3, but a lot better than Drakengard. An action RPG with solid bossfights (the main think Drakengard is lacking), an actually wide array of RPG elements (switching weapons that lack any combo depth isn't enough), and a mature storyline that won't make me want to throw my controller at the screen every time a prepubescent dragon whines that Zero should stop what she's doing.  Since this is a full blown post, I figured I'd add a list of what I've played that are similar to those games so they don't get suggested:  - Souls Series  - Darksiders 1 &amp; 2  - Okami  - Kingdom Hearts (of course...)  Can't think of any more at the moment, but I'm open to any suggestions. They do have to be PS3 though, I have a slim so PS2 won't work.
[crusader kings 2]	I'm wondering if there's a game out or in development that is similar to Dwarf Fortress. Specifically though the feature that I like the best is the tons of personality traits and emotions the dwarfs have that make there interactions interesting and sometimes unpredictable (like the whole Boatmurdered saga).  I have other games like Gnomoria, RimWorld, Timber and Stone and Prison Architect, and I've been following StoneHearth for a while now, but all of the inhabitants of these game seem incredibly boring. Just wondering if there's someone out there that may have word on some game in development like this.
[leo's fortune]	I'm looking for decent mobile games that aren't just Skinner boxes wrapped up in different clothes.  I've tried Gurk, Knightmare Tower, have Kingdom Rush &amp; KR Frontiers, Vector and tried Socercy! for a bit might need to give it another go, was okay.  So I'd be looking for generally a fantasy RPG, failing that most things Sci-fi keep me going, I'm not a big fan of 3D ARPGs with the digital thumbstick. CCGs, RPGs, action, adventure, sims, anything really as long as it's not trying all the time to slowly bleed me dry of all my money.  EDIT: I'm on Android by the by.  Any suiggestions would be appreciated, thanks in advance.
[out there]	I like cartoony games with a fun, lighthearted story and easy gameplay. I am terrible at games involving timing/jumping from platform to platform, etc. I know some of the games I've played had those elements, but it took me a LONG time to get to the next level.   I think overall, I like (a) games where I don't die and have to restart all over from the beginning (see lego games) and (b) games involving mashing, not too much RPG (ni no kuni had the right amount, FF looks like way too much RPG to me)  Games I liked: Kingdom Hearts I &amp; II, Ni No Kuni, Lego Harry Potter (both), South Park: Stick of Truth, Katamari Damacy.  Games that I am okay with but it was too hard: Little Big Planet (it's a great game but I can only play for 30 minutes at a time; I get frustrated but want to come back so I've gotten through 2/3 of the game)   Games I tried and didn't like: Portal (I only played a couple of levels, but I don't want to play games to do lots of puzzles.), Resident Evil (I die. Too many times.), God of War III (Ok, I didn't even make it past the first level. Too much going on!)  Any suggestions? I was thinking of more Lego games but I'd appreciate any others.
[heroes of might and magic, strategy games, king's bounty]	Already played  * World of Goo and little inferno * Vvvvv and Super Hexagon  * plantts vs zombies * Dungeon Keeper * Might and Magic clash of heroes *  Small World 2 and i have a preference for board games.   I'm considering Maniac Mansion,  Monkey Island 1 and 2, and the Pirates! remake. I haven't played a lot of point and click adventures, but I played TWD,back to the future , and TWAU from Telltale. I wouldn't want to play comedy after comedy,  and I'd appreciate all suggestions.   edit: I'll try out Xcom Enemy Unknown, Civ4 or Civilization Beyond Earth, and Heroes if Might and Magic.
[silent hill hd collection, alien isolation, silent hill 2, really scary, p.t.]	I'm looking to buy a scary game for my girlfriend and I to play together. I'm not looking for a co-op game, just something where we can pass the controller back and forth.  I want something truly terrifying, like shit your pants scary. Zombies are overdone and no longer scary. Something that gets in your head and gives you nightmares is what I'm looking for.  I already have a 360 but I'd also buy a new gen console if the right game were available on either one.   ***EDIT-I chose "the evil within" for 360. I'll wait till boxing day and get a new gen console for less money. Thanks for the input everyone.
[tactics ogre: let us cling together, shin megami tensei, final fantasy 13]	It feels like most Jrpgs I play really lack gameplay elements to make them more interesting, it's always the same problems, lots of classes? Most of them are the same or just plain superior to others, for example unique classes like chemist or the beastmaster in FF5 are almost always impractical to use. Lots of spells, buffs, debuffs, etc? Bosses are immune to them, and normal encounters are finished in 1 turn so there's no reason to use them. I think I made my point, I'm tired of RPGs that just make me mindlessly spam Flare on bosses while the other spells aren't ever touched, which games really need the player to make use of all classes, items, skills and mechanics in order to be beaten?
[viewtiful joe]	I love a good boss fight (they feel rewarding when completing them)  =  Here's a list of examples  - Dark Souls + 2   - Batman Arkham Series  - DarkSiders II   - Bioshock Infinite  - Castlevania Lords of shadows series  - Bayonetta   - Metal Gear Rising  - dust an elysian tail  - Devil May Cry   - Dragons Dogma  - Borderlands Series  - Destiny   - Metal Gear Solid HD    =  **NOT GAMES WITH ONE BOSS** here's an example of what I mean  - Portal (glados/wheatly fight)   - MineCraft (Ender Dragon)  =  **Feel free to suggest pc games as well** but at least suggest 1 360 game though. I'm really wanting to build up my gamerscore card.   ===  Also! **Please suggest RPG games if possible! I prefer sword/boss fights over gun boss fights.   =   edit :   =  **LIST OF SUGGESTED GAMES**  - Fable Series (personally not interested)   - Lost Odssey (very interested in, I came across it last week looks awesome!) 
[god hand]	it's the credits section of  type in your favorite games, and the site will not only tell you who did what in each game with a link to other games they were involved in, but a list of other games that were created by many of the same people, in case you can't really put your finger on what you liked about a game. i think it's important that we appreciate the artists behind the games we like, and that gamers stop reading "professional" game reviewers because they are a blight on gaming culture and i've felt that way ever since chris roper gave god hand a 3/10 and the recent "gamergate" news has only reinforced that opinion
[planetside 2 , guild wars 2 , eve online , soe]	So I decided I want to play an MMO RPG.  Normally I play FPSs but have moved my gaming experience to PC. I see all the wonderful games that people play where they are questing, having impromptu allies and random pvp moments, make clans and have objectives that are more beatable by teamwork. I would really like to get into this type of gameplay as it seems much more dynamic than matchmaking fps battles.  I want a large open world. I want to play with friends and stumble across people to survive with, fight with, and adventure with.  Some of the games I've stumbled upon seem too much like board games or like I'm watching the game from an aerial spectator cam. I would really like something a bit more immersive.   here are the major points I'm looking for.  * PC game.  * First-person pov. maybe a tight over the shoulder?( on the ots)  * decent graphics.   * The feeling of adventuring and surviving in minecraft.  * That feeling you get when you and someone are conspiring in serious RP in gmod's Dark RP.   * The server feel of GTA online but a larger realm.   * Heavy suggestion towards party play but still fun solo.   * Something like what elder scrolls online seems to be (never played) but more fps-like.   * (I'd like it to be a shooter too but that might be me dreaming)  I'm not sure what game I'm asking for but I'm positive what I'm thinking of must exist.    I would appreciate any and all suggestions. please help me burn up more time gaming! 
[hotline miami]	[tl;dr](http:// I'm looking for something like [Brutal Doom (gzdoom)](http://, [Quake (darkplaces)](http://, [Descent](http://;v=rw9ZWxWELeI#t=55), [Raptor](http://;v=ETcVQjS10rU#t=21)  To be more specific:  * PC game (Linux or Windows) * Single player * No steep learning curve ( Dwarf Fortress) * No esoteric mechanics * No convoluted plot that you need to remember to understand what's going on * No overly complicated puzzles ( HeXeN is similar to doom but has large scale puzzles requiring series of items or switches to be thrown, often requiring you to memorize very large maps)  Basically a game that you can turn on at any time and start playing without the need to remember where you were going or check whatever your objective/quest is. Preferably if you can save and quit at any time for short gaming sessions.
[civilization v, civilization v, is defense]	I'm looking for something strategic and not fast paced.  An ideal game would be if I could collect stuff and strategically battle or challenge people online.  Magic the Gathering Online is just awful but something similar would be great.  Or a good turret defense.  I loved Plants vs Zombies, bu who hasn't massacred that game a few times?  Basically anything that's turn based and mouse based.  World of Warcraft used to be a viable option.  I've gone back too many times though and there's gotta be something better out there.  Thanks for the help!  EDIT: Holy shit, there's a lot to try,  Thanks everybody!
[planescape: torment]	I have a very low tolerance for fantasy elements and for gore/creepiness/other horrific shit. I also have very low tolerance for the usual tropes of military shooters, such as jingoism and machismo. That said, I still love to make total destroy. I try to only play games casually, so I'm not interested in games where there are significant compulsory time-sucks, such as grinding, collecting, crafting, etc.   Things I like about a few games:  Assassin's Creed 3: really interesting perspective, I was very impressed that they chose for the protagonist to be American Indian and then took the the time to do it well. also that they confronted the issues of colonialism. moving around the world is fun, plenty of targets to attack that don't get too tedious.   Far Cry 2: challenging but not frustrating (imo). choices matter, combat is good. story was the best I've seen in a video game. anti-hero element done well, for once. (in comparison, Far Cry 3 was a MASSIVE disappointment to me. the writers for that game ought to be shot for such sexist, racist, bullshit).  Mass Effect (series): big universe, compelling story, really fun and interesting combat, choices that matter.   Half-Life 2: the world/mood/atmosphere, and story of course.  Red Faction Guerrilla: guerrilla warfare in a fully-destructible environment, what's not to love? also the improvised weapons were inventive. story was generic and mediocre, but not intrusively so.   Spec Ops: The Line and Sleeping Dogs are on my list of games to investigate already.  Thanks in advance! 
[ten thousand]	The last shooter I ever got into was BF3. I liked that the maps were a nice size and it seemed fairly realistic. Lots of vehicles to drive and master (getting into the dogfighting scene was like a game of its own). I also Iike that there was mission objectives so I wasn't forced into pointless death match all the time. And I liked that you could be successful both up front in the action, or hiding in the bushes with a silencer and a scope , slowly progressing your way behind enemy lines.  Ive been hesitant on BF4 simply because I don't want to play a clone of bf3 and I don't want to be disappointed if it's less than what bf3 was.  Plus is seemed expensive.   Should I get Arma3? Other ideas?
[board games, my friends]	My friends and I (now aged 16-17) have been playing together for a hell of a long time. We've gone through tons of different games, and we're looking for something new. Any suggestions welcome.  Also, we're kind of burned out on shooters, especially military and reaction speed based ones.  List of Games we've played:  Call of Duty Series  Battlefield series  Dead Island series  Left 4 Dead series  Garrys Mod  DayZ Mod/Standalone  League of Legends  Hearthstone  Halo Series  Payday Series  Portal Series  GTA 4  And probably a lot more I can't think of. 
[rune factory 4, harvest moon]	I recently found the game (Recettear) in my steam library and tried it out. Absolutely loved it. I played Harvest Moon as a kid but I eventually got bored and never really tried anything similar since then. I was wondering if there are any other games that mix the (for lack of a better term) non-violent side of management with traditional RPG elements like the dungeons in Recettear. The only vaguely similar game Ive come across is the flash game Jack Smith. It was good but a bit short and I don't really have any desire to replay it.
[roguelike]	Title pretty much says it all. I have almost 80 hours in Binding of Isaac and over 35 in Risk of Rain (plus around 20 in Rogue Legacy) and would love some more tough-as-nails indie roguelikes to sink my teeth into.  Roguelikes I have:  BoI  RoR  Spelunky  Rogue Legacy  Ziggurat  Heavy Bullets  Any other suggestions would be wonderful! If the game is on sale/cheap anywhere, that's a bonus. Extra points if the game doesn't require a mouse, as I'll be doing most of my gaming on a laptop.  EDIT: I forgot to mention I'm looking more for action-based games than strategy-based ones. I have FTL but don't love it as it takes so much time to really understand how to play it rather than just sticking you in a world and having you figure stuff out for yourself.
[shadow of the colossus, shadow of destiny, ratchet and clank, eternal darkness, silent hill 2 , this game, ico , mgs3]	I have been wanting to go through alot of old games from platforms that i missed out on.. mainly because of money shortage at the time. basically anything from the gamecube and wii console. .also alot on the ps2 that didnt get the recognition it deserved until way after its release..   what do you guys think of my list so far ? Beyond Good &amp; Evil - Gamecube Okami - Ps2 Zelda Twilight Princess - Gamecube/Wii Shadow of the colossus - Ps2 Metal Gear Solid 3 Snake Eater - Ps2 Banjo Kazooie - N64 Conkers Bad Fur Day - N64  .. i want more suggestions from you true gamers out there.. i intend to stream them all and make youtube videos and all that jazz as well so as long as there is an emulator of some sorts for the games im all for adding them to my list..    im 28 years old.. and alot of these games came out during my early teens and i was the perfect demographic for them when they came out. 
[lara croft and the temple of osiris]	Two good friends, my girlfriend and I used to play WoW together a great deal during Wrath of the Lich King while we were still in college. Now we're all out of college and find ourselves with significantly less interest in investing so much time to keep relevant in a game. We really enjoyed running dungeons, 10-man raids, and random BG's together.  We're now looking for a game which might combine some of the following:      * Character customization and growth  * Self-paced gameplay; no need for grinding to stay relevant (ie. BG's)  * 'Brighter' art style - we have veto votes against Diablo 3 for example  * 4-player co-operative play  * Preference for 3rd person perspective  * Fantasy-type setting preferred  * Reasonable skill curve - we enjoy games with easy access but a high skill cap / need for thinking and strategic planning to succeed   I've heard of a few games (such as Dungeon Defenders) which might be suitable options for us, but wondering if there are any suggestions on how we can hit our co-op craving without worrying about a grind to be relevant as in an MMO.   Thanks!
[age of mythology, age of empires]	Well I'm normally a Call of Duty/Battlefield player (generally first person/third person shooter gamer) except I've been playing a lot of strike force missions lately on black ops 2 (strategy based mode) and I actually rather find it fun. Now I'm usually really damn good at shooting/role playing games. But I'm absolute garbage at Strategic games. (I couldn't play one to save my life)  =  I've tried games like Halo Wars (but just couldn't get into it) the concept was fun and all. But the game was poorly executed (poorly done controls)  =  Are there any games that are strategic games I'd enjoy? I want something fun but that still puts on a challenge. 
[mass effect 3]	It doesn't have to be Nazis or anything, though.  But I just ordered Halo Reach and I'm waiting for it to come in. Minor spoilers (I guess) but in Halo Reach, you're fighting a losing battle. And you know that going in, because they talked about it a lot in the other Halo games that came out before (Reach is a prequel). So when you start that game, it's perfectly clear that shit is about to hit the fan. And it's going to hit the fan *hard*.  And I think that it sounds like an interesting premise for a game, where you're fighting a battle that you know you're not going to win. It's not something that comes up often. I've played a few games where you don't "win", but that's not really made clear until the very end where you actually lose. Those are pretty rare too. But I like the idea of *knowing* that you're going to lose straight from the start.   Does anybody know any other games that would fit this style of game? 
[planetside 2, this game, soe]	I've been stuck in a gaming rut so to speak for a while now and feel like I've already played everything worth playing to death... I like all types of games but only seem to play league of legends over and over again these days which is getting to be mind numbing.  I desperately need something new and refreshing that will hold my interest for more than a day or two.     I prefer to play PC games and enjoy mmos, rpgs,open world/sandbox sometimes fps or rts but not as much...  I'm open to genre and historically like MMOs but recently I've had trouble finding a good community to play with for more than a short while which really is a deal breaker for me.  Some favorite games include Fallout series, Mass Effect, Elder Scrolls, Metal Gear Solid, Final Fantasy 7-10, Borderlands, Diablo, vanilla wow (up until the end of wotlk), Star Wars Galaxies, EVE, Elder Scrolls Online, Rust, Counter Strike, 7 Days to Die, Minecraft, Killing Floor.  Hopefully someone can help me fix this!
[ftl: faster than light]	So, Every night from 11pm to 2am I talk to my wife and son in Fiji (16 hour Time Difference). Sometimes it is Skype which is great, sometimes it is only FB and there are lots of pauses. I'm sick of surfing Reddit, I'd rather play a game in the background.  Looking for an old classic or something with that old classic feel. Prefer not a browser based game or any type of MMO or any of that stuff.   I've already played Civ II into the ground like this. Something like that is perfect. I prefer strategy games anyway and they are easy to pause when the convo picks up and then get back into when there is a lull. Or mindless action maybe.  I'd be playing Starsector, Crusader Kings II or Patrician III except I cannot hear the "bling" and those games are not the kind I like to be interrupted constantly in the middle of. I don't want something TOO engrossing or analysis intensive.  **TL;DR - A game I can easily interrupt, hear the FB "bling" when there is a new message and quickly flip back and forth to my wife's convo in Facebook**
[metro 2033]	I'm kind of looking for something to tide me over until Far Cry 4, but I'm not looking for something in the vein of Far Cry 3 (or 4), but rather in the vein of Far Cry 2. Grim and morally ambiguous and grimly realistic and really nasty to the player, with a minimum of HUD and ammunition.   [This article](http:// pretty well sums up what I loved about Far Cry 2. I'd like something along those same lines. PC only, preferably reasonably modern graphics (Far Cry 2 old is fine, the newer the better). I don't really care about style, but realistic contemporary is preferable to sci-fi or horror. Really though, I just want an FPS with combat as tense and desperate and as un-hand-holdy as Far Cry 2.   I've played Red Orchestra, ARMA, and Spec-Ops: The Line, the three most obvious suggestions.  
[fallout new vegas, wild west]	So my 79-year old dad is after some new games to play and I need some help finding recommendations for him. He has a PS3 and hasn't tried Xbox.  He's a bit fussy, Mass Effect &amp; Red Dead Redemption are two of his favourite games. He's tried stuff like Bioshock, Assassin's Creed, Batman, Tombraider, Uncharted and either couldn't really play them or didn't like them.  He doesn't really like RPGs, button mashing or fantasy eg Skyrim/LOTR. It also can't be too fast, eg COD can be a little too fast for him and he has a bit of trouble with quicktime events. It needs to be a game where he can save often where he wants so he can gradually work his way through.    Some suggestions that came up before it got bumped were Call of Juarex: gunslinger; Heavy Rain &amp; Max Payne 3. Also LA Noire, which he played and got frustrated as an ex-cop cause the game wasn't asking the questions he would've asked.    I'll probably get him to give Destiny a go, I can't remember if he's tried The Last of Us. I was maybe thinking Fallout or Borderlands or maybe Halo, (I do realise that would mean getting an Xbox), but I've never played them so dunno if it would meet his requirements.   suggestions??   
[mgs]	I have the urge to play a game where you really get to know a single location with backtracking and whatnot - including the games in the post title, I'm thinking of things like Devil May Cry 1 &amp; 3 (not so much in gameplay but level design).  Basically, the majority of the game is set in one place that might change throughout. It could be a metroidvania, although I do have a few of those already and I'd prefer to avoid any 2D games (unless there's a compelling reason not to) and metroidvanias tend to be a bit larger than what I'm looking for.  Demon's/Dark Souls are also possibly a decent example, but I've already played these games.  As for platforms, I have a PC, PS3, Wii U, 360 and 3DS
[valve complete pack]	I was recently gifted a gaming PC. The last time I played a game completely through on a PC was when Myst came out in 93' (I'm 35). I do have some experience with modern console gaming.  Now, with the new PC I am in uncharted territory and I am looking forward to experiencing what the online gaming world has to offer, but I am a little lost and a bit intimidated as well.  I am open minded to any style of game. Looking for your personal recommendations based on your personal likes and what I am in store for compared to console gaming. Also, any suggestions for a wireless gaming controller would be great. I am not familiar with using a keyboard and mouse.  New PC's Details:  Alienware X51 - Intel 4th Gen. i7-4790  GHz - 2GB DDR5 NVidia GTX 670 Graphics Card    Update: Getting a lot of positive information and guidance. So very helpful! Thank you everyone.   I had a younger brother (Hollow1) who passed away a few yeas ago from cancer . He was an avid gamer and I took it for granted I'm afraid. I can't help but think how wonderful it would have been to have shared this new gaming experience with him. He never got a chance to know such an amazing place as Reddit. He would have really loved this.   Again, thank you everyone.
[pcs, pcs, civ, civ]	I'm 35, I don't know if that matters haha. If anything I feel proud to be a part of a generation that was born into a household with a ColecoVision and have lived through the evolution of gaming.   At this age, though, I'm not a hardcore gamer by any means. I don't have the time to play as much, so my tastes have changed.  What I enjoyed most recently on PS3 were: Madden (mainly for Madden Ultimate mode), Skyrim, Call of Duty (Black Ops was where I peaked, haven't upgraded since before Ghosts).   But I was bored with all those games.  I do in fact really enjoy simulation or strategy games the most. SimCity was one of my favorite, so my first purchase with this PC was SimCity 5. It was great for about 3 days, but the cities are simply too small and this really blows. I was hugely disappointed. I heard about a supposedly better game called something like CityBuilder XL or something, but it had coding issues and lagged or something.  I'd heard good things about Starcraft II, so I picked up the basic version (no expansions). It's decent, I just get my ass kicked in every online match. Seriously I'm like 0-20.   I'm thinking about trying the new Civilization game, I've never played any of these. But it seems to be along the lines of a simulation game that I enjoy.   I also appreciate the aspect of online play. If I could combine simulation, strategy and online play, I think that's what I would like the best. But online play in a good way. Not like SimCity garbage, and not so much something that ends in 'rounds' like Starcraft, but something more progressive.   ANY THOUGHTS?  Bonus Question - I'm used to playing games with a controller. Are most games, including FPS etc, really all played with keyboard and mouse? I know this is a ridiculous question, but I'm a humble motherfucker.  Thanks. 
[bloodborne, killzone, be good]	I've always owned ps systems in the past and basically only play first person shooters, and not that intensely. But the price drop of the Xbox one has me curious about it. I have no particular allegiance to the ps but I do like the controller (the odd shape of the Xbox has me a little nervous). I normally play cod, bf, and used to play some kz. I've never even seen halo but am of course aware of its popularity. Killzone was so so.  My question is, if I'm only going to be playing first person shooters, which console should I look at the most?   Thoughts? 
[mass effect, runescape]	Though I have some preconceived ideas on some games, I'm actually really interested in finding some games. I love World of Warcraft, and I've been most loyal to that. Played it since mid Lich King. I play the Hitman games and I do decently well, but I really only play them because I think Agent 47 is attractive (terribad reason). Pokemon is fun, I like collecting crap. FF7 was a very important game for me as a kid. Seriously got me through a lot of bad times.  For deeper reasons:  WoW: I enjoy the achievement system, but I really enjoy figuring things out on my own. I like to discover mechanics to bosses and it feels as if I am truly learning. I spend enough time doing things that I can effectively lead any raid (and I do. I'm a raid / guild leader) and I am generally a last man standing. My chief complaint with WoW is there aren't other people like me / my boyfriend (whom I play with.) We wish there was a two person situation where we will only have to depend on one another. I would prefer not against other players if only because he gets extremely competitive and I'd rather have a fun time, working with one another against bosses and through quick-thinking trials instead of which team has better gear / has better weapons / whatever.  Hitman: While I did explain my superficial reasons earlier, I really enjoy this manner of play. Having to figure out a good, sneaky way to kill people. Or blast through and kill everyone. But I prefer there to be some measure of thought to it. I tried to play Team Fortress 2 and I just could not get into it because it was so 'shoot at stuff' kind of thing.  Pokemon: Again, I enjoyed the collecting. And the leveling. I can do repetitive bullshit for hours. Walk in a 6x6 patch of grass? Sure. I prefer this type of gaming done on a computer as my hands have some trouble with gaming systems controls and all I have in my home is an NES, PS1, PS2, Game Cube (I think) and maybe a Sega Genesis. Plus an old box game boy, and I think one of those shit ass clam shell gameboys.  FF7: I enjoyed the materia set up. Particularly where you could figure out ways to nearly cheat the system (quad magic + summon for example). I remember trying to play FF8 and I just hated the battle system. And FF9 was too cartoony / full of side quests for me. FF6 was decent, but replay was dull. Granted it might be my emotional attachment to FF7 that has allowed me to replay it again. But I always did the chocobo breeding, I always did the Gold Saucer stuff.   Other games: Addam's Family on NES was enjoyable for me, as was Super Mario Bro's, Tetris, and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. I never cared for Zelda (granted the only one I played was Link's Awakening on Game Boy). I've played the Sims but it's like 99% me making characters and then the 1% is me getting bored instantly. I adored Twisted Metal 2. Twisted Metal 1 was alright, but I disliked the camera angles. I absolutely hated Twisted Metal Black. I didn't enjoy Lord of the Rings Online despite being a huge LOTR nut. I played Kingdom Hearts 1 / 2, which I primarily started for the Disney factor, but enjoyed the game play style of 2. I hate 1's camera work. I enjoy Hearthstone (also from Blizzard, which makes WoW) but I dislike Diablo and Starcraft. Though granted, I have not been allowed to sit down and figure out either of those on my own. There is always someone playing it and yakking at me about it the whole time, which is a great way to ruin it for me. Boyfriend tried to do that with WoW, told me to pick the race/class he had and hovered over me. I told him off, made my own toon, and completely fell in love with the game (and became better than him with multiple classes).  I also enjoy the idea of your actions having some manner of consequence. Like Fable but... not as bland?  Sorry for the word vomit. If you read through all of this yay. Gold star for you. Looking forward to hearing your suggestions.
[counter strike]	I switched to PC gaming a couple years ago and with it my tastes changed a lot. I always played shooters like COD and battlefield on console and was rather tired of the genre. When I went to PC I instead switched to turn based strategy games and such. Now I'm ready to get back into first person shooters but on PC this time. I'd prefer that whatever game/community I get into has a more team oriented approach where people actually communicate. I use to love cod 4 and 5, but I thought the franchise went down hill after that. I stopped playing cod around black ops I think. Also loved bad company 2 but hated battlefield 3. I have next to no experience with PC FPS and am open to suggestions. Please don't suggest any pay to win models or free games. I'm fine with grinding but I hate games that even have options for buying equipment with real cash or make your gun only last 7 days or a month, etc.  Here's my PC specs if anyone wants them for considerations:  -windows  64 bit operating system  -Intel i7-3630QM CPU  GHz  -16gb ram  -GEforce GT 650m - 2gb graphics card  It's worth noting this is a laptop. Thank you for any suggestions it is appreciated. 
[assassin's creed unity, spec ops the line, prince of persia, sleeping dogs, tomb raider]	I've been PC gaming for a year now and have already seen almost everything the platform has to offer. Right now, there's barely games that appeal to me. Only ones like Bastion, Fez, Hotline Miami, and Astebreed held my attention. Usually my favorite games are ports of ones I already owned long before (like Killer Is Dead, Deadly Premonition, Lost Planet 2, Valkyria Chronicles, etc). I usually play a lot niche Japanese games, but I still enjoy the popular ones like Metal Gear and Final Fantasy.  Not that I've completely given up hope on PC, because I was having a lot of fun with Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor. Mainly for both its responsive action and the high end visuals. So I was wondering, which upcoming games would you guys suggest that I keep an eye out for? Preferably single-player, narrative-driven games with graphics that look like a PS4/XBONE game instead of a shinier version of a PS3/360 game. I know that makes me sound like a graphics whore, but its make up for not having the latest consoles yet. Especially since I want to play Final Fantasy XV or at least another that looks just as pretty.  As for what sort of games, I usually prefer playing third-person action games and RPGs. Though any genre is usually fine if the story and visuals hold up for me. **Remember, what you suggest has to be an upcoming game. I already looked through the other games that are out now, including Steam and GOG's entire catalog of thousands of games.**
[mass effect, mass effect]	AW comes out tonight, husband has the xbox one, I will be on the 360 and want a new game to play. After doing some research I have come down to these 2. I understand they are completely different and probably not comparable but I feel like I can get into both. I'm very much into character customization and the ability of having female characters to play as. Some of my favorite games to play are all the Borderlands and fallout 3 and New Vegas. I also really enjoy South Park: Stick of Truth haha. I know my game styles are all over the place but what do you guys think? If not these games, any other recommendations? Thanks!
[assassins creed]	Hey Reddit!  I've been playing Videogames since I was 7 or 8, and I feel like I already played every game I might like.  I really like Sandbox Games, games in which you can build stuff, RPG's, RTS, or basically games that take place before the invention of the newer guns (flintlockpistols are alright).  Also open-world would be a big plus. Graphics aren't essential but I'd love a good looking game with either a friendly, euphoric atmosphere (a beautiful modded skyrim) or a dark atmosphere (Gothic 1). I also like the feeling of being overpowered, either from the beginning  or getting there over time (only in singleplayer games).   Since I've played a whole bunch of games, I'll only list the ones I liked/loved the most:  * Gothic (1, 2 and 3) * Risen 1 &amp; 2 (didn't play 3 yet) * Assassins Creed (all of them) * Age of Empires 2 * Empire Earth 2 * The Elder Scrolls (4 and 5, didn't really get into the first three) * The Sims 3 * GTA (Vice City, San Andreas, 5) * Saints Row 3 &amp; 4 * Minecraft * Terraria * The Stanley Parable * the Tony Hawk's Series * Chivalry Medieval Warfare   Something like Chivalry: Medieval Warfare with a litte bit more variety would be awesome, but the games don't have to be competitive. Thanks for reading, I'm looking forward to your answers :)  btw; sorry for my english 
[shadowrun returns]	I'm thoroughly enjoying the combat in XCOM: Enemy Within and I've always been drawn to magic, sword and spear combat, exotic creatures, etc. Are there any games that are a cross between the two?  I have played Disciples III: Reincarnation and the combat is similar to what I'm looking for, but the strategy in the combat is mostly just initial positioning and a little maneuvering around the field during the fight. In XCOM, the squad has to move strategically as a unit to hunt down enemies through a much larger field of battle.  I have also played the Dragon Age series and Baldur's Gate II. Those are both great games that are basically what I'm looking for, but I prefer turn-based combat instead of the pause-able real-time.  Edit: Forgot to mention I'm playing on the PC.   Edit 2:  There are several other games I'm going to grab for later, but, for this particular gaming itch, I'm going to try Divinity: Original Sin and Shadowrun Returns. If you have any other suggestions, by all means, please continue to share, but if not, thanks for all of the feedback /r/gamingsuggestions!  Edit 3: So I decided to try Divinity: Original Sin first. Posting first impressions (based on the first few hours of gameplay) here so if anyone finds this thread later, this might help them make their decisions. XCOM's RPG is limited to "aliens!! get 'em!" and then you have tons of strategic decisions to make regarding researching and building your technology, then micromanaging the combat in the implementation of that tech. XCOM is about strategy. D:OS is much heavier on the RPG side. It's much more like Dragon Age or Baldur's Gate in that sense. Overarching main story, lots of side quests, lots of interact-able NPCs and - most importantly - lots of character development. The character development is central here (well, character**S**, because you you create two of your own and recruit two more) as is the story, though there are definitely strategic decisions in building character and in micromanaging the turn-based combat. So, while XCOM and D:OS fit into the same genre, they emphasize different parts of it. However, I love RPGs in general, so I'll definitely be putting lots more time into this one.  I'll update with another edit in the next few days when I try Shadowrun Returns.
[halo: combat evolved]	I'm the clueless girlfriend of a gamer who plays first person shooters, especially pvp but he also likes games with quests. Bonus if the graphics are well done as it also has influenced his purchases. I want to get a head start on Christmas gifts this year.  Here's a list of games that I know he's played and has enjoyed: -Destiny (his top game currently) -Titanfall -Borderlands (and sequels) -MarioKart 8 (loves the "pretty graphics") -Halo (and the sequels) -Elder Scrolls games (Skyrim, ect)  Can anyone give me some suggestions based off of this?
[crusader kings 2, another war, sci-fi]	I really enjoyed Civilization IV and V, and want to get ahold of a deeper grand strategy game. Paradox is well known as the leader in this field, and I want to try out one of their games. To that end, I have a few questions:  * What are the differences between these two?   * Which is better for getting into grand strategy?  * Are there other grand strategy games I should be looking into as well?  * Do you have any tips in general for transitioning into one of these more in-depth games from Civ?  * I really like sci-fi as well. What good sci-fi grand strategy games are there?   I'm really looking for information and opinions here, so don't worry about giving a concise answer.
[this game, this game, loadout, arma 3 ]	So I'm having trouble describing what I'm looking for, but I'll do my best.  Most FPS have very few weapons (or if they have lots, it's just restats of the same weapons) and options for customization, and I get bored shooting the same guns over and over again.  Are there any out there that legitimately have more weapon choices than you know what to do with?  Ones that let you pick the gun, and the attachments, and maybe even ammo?    I'm looking for something competitive, but no so much that I need to join a clan and keep up with it completely.  That being said, something that's more than a quickmatch arena shooter would be ideal.  I find the Planetside 2 style of fighting over territory interesting and I plan I trying it out, but I also imagine it will require a larger commitment than I want to give.  Anyway, any suggestions?  Thanks in advance.
[super mario 3d world, wii u]	I'm having a difficult time deciding between getting a 3DS or a Wii U.  I've checked out the available games for each system, and will list which ones I would definitely get if I buy that system.  ---  **3DS:**  Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon  Animal Crossing: New Leaf (as a bonus my girlfriend has this game as well)  Pokemon X version  Kingdom Hearts 3D: Dream Drop Distance  Mario and Luigi: Dream Team  Shin Megami Tensei IV  Super Smash Bros. 4 (I would most preferably want to play it on a home console but I could settle)  ---  **Wii U:**  Bayonetta 2  Pikmin 3  Mario Kart 8  Super Smash Bros. 4  ---  If any of you can offer me any insight about what you think I should get, I would greatly appreciate it.
[this game]	As the title says, I'm looking for and rpg I can play after I finish, preferably something that is likely to come on sale or is already cheap. I've played through borderlands, the witcher, oblivion + skyrim and that's all that I can think of at this point in time. Also if anyone knows where I can get the first resident evil games I will be eternally greatful :D  thankyou  Edit: forgot to mention my computer isn't the best, also played through baldurs gate 1+2 and am trying to get into dragon age: Origins at the moment. Already tried Dark Souls but didn't really know what to do.
[neverwinter nights 2, stormlord]	I am looking to get an RPG for PC, and more than anything I want an RPG where I have to make choices in the growth of my character(s) class, abilities, and stats. The goal is to be able to play the game my way and be able to feel that my characters turn out in a way that is uniquely mine. The key here is mutually exclusive choices. As example of this is character class - when you pick one the other classes are now off limits, which makes your choice actually matter. But there would need to be more mutually exclusive choices as the game progresses so that one's character becomes ever more unique.  I am not really looking for a Diablo 2 build system. These systems are too hard to balance and the end result is players following cookie cutter builds or gimping themselves. Frankly games like this would be better off "baking in" these cookie cutter builds so players are given (near) equally viable options.  Other points to note:  1) Combat that is enjoyable and has depth is essential Otherwise great games can be oh so boring to play if the combat sucks. Examples of fun combat include Diablo 3 (fast paced hack and slash), Borderlands 2 (FPS combat), and Baldur's Gate 2 (tactical party based combat).  2) Grind based combat is not ideal Pokemon and Final Fantasy games where you enter random encounters are something I dislike. Other than boss battles, every fight is easily winnable. The challenge is merely avoiding attrition. I'd much rather every fight (or preset sequence of fights) require you to go all out.  3) Large worlds are great. Open worlds are not. Sandbox gameplay doesn't really work in RPGs. Open worlds like in Skyrim ruin the pacing of the game and require the game to perform all sorts of gymnastics to account for uneven player level and plot progression. I'm perfectly happy for a game to be non-linear and/or set in a huge world, just break it up into bite sized chunks to optimize the experience.  4) I don't like having to be a pack rat The only items I want to sift through and lug around are relevant gear. I get frustrated if I have to deal with limited inventory space while collecting a mountain of consumables and ingredients (see: The Witcher). In Fallout: New Vegas I resorted to periodically cheating for money so I didn't have to bother constantly collecting junk to sell.  -------------------------------------  I understand there isn't likely to be any games that meet all of my criteria but the closer the better. Thanks in advance for your help.
[dark souls]	I played League of legends for two years straight but as time went on the game became to sterile and i didnt like the direction the game was going in. I have spent the last year looking for a long term game to play but i coulnt find any. I tried Guild W2 and Neverwinter nights (the new one) and i am disappointed that MMO's haven't changed much since i played them back in middle school (im 21)  im playing hearthstone but i know as soon as i get into the higher ranks i am going to lose interest  I dont mind paying for a game but i am against any subscription fees or reoccurring payments
[sword of the stars: the pit, the binding of isaac, dungeons of dredmor, shadowrun returns, spelunky]	Okay so that title makes no sense.  What I'm looking for is a game that is (in principle) like FTL. I'm not really looking for a Sci-Fi game (although I'm not opposed to one), I'm looking for a game with -  * rogue like qualities  * simple controls  * Some micro-management but not on the scale of AoE  * RNG if possible  * A modding community if possible  * tough choices if possible  The best example I can think of is Shadowrun Returns and Shadowrun Dragonfall. I've played those games to bits and loved them, and I'm looking for something else.  **Tl;dr** = Looking for a game with qualities similar to FTL, but the game mechanics are more important to me than the setting.
[crusader kings 2]	So, when i was alot younger i had Sonic adventure, and eventually sonic adventure two, and the chao gardens were something i really got into. Since then ive enjoyed games where you have had to do similar things, Something like the upcoming mewgenics seems right up my alley, but unfortunatly its not out yet, nor does it seem like it has a release date.  For a few examples of what i mean, The sonic adventure chao gardens, Mewgenics, [Critter Forge](http://, and to a lesser extent a game like spore.   So, if anyone has any suggestions or ideas id love to hear them!
[sword of the stars: the pit, shovel knight, teleglitch, spelunky]	**TL;DR**: any game similar to FTL but with a shorter (say, 1 hour) average playthrough? (not necessarily a roguelike)  I'm looking for something to play through in short sessions. As an example I have FTL: I REALLY love it, but my average playthrough is about 3-4 hours.... and that's a bit too long for what I'm looking for. I would like that a playthrough doesn't last more than, say, 1 hour. maybe even less.   I have looked around the sub, and two suggestions keep showing up: Hotline Miami, and The Binding of Isaac. I have the first one in my library, so I'll give it a go soon.   also, I would like it to be easy to *learn*, but also to have harder modes. I mean, being able to consistently beat FTL took me quite a few playthroughs, and a whole lot of reading. I don't have that kind of time just to learn to play... but on the other hand, if it hasn't harder modes, then I'll get bored in a few playthroughs.   and as a final "wish", it would be great if it was *playable* on an intel HD4000, under linux or at least under wine (no need for 60 fps, but at least no drops below 10... especially if it needs some skill).   note I have no problems with older graphics or even older games. also, it doesn't need to be a roguelike. I just want something that I can play though in less than an hour, and then replay as many times as I wish, knowing that no two playthroughs will be the same.   also, I found this: http:// thoughts on them? I have played nethack and, while I like it a lot, my average time-'till-death (it's said that nobody has been able to beat the game yet) is longer than an hour...   so, suggestions?   **EDIT**: preferably, like FTL, not *too* skill-based. (... if a game is very skill-based, please state it so I know). I like FTL in that regard since the only skill you need is to press the spacebar often enough, lol.  
[call of duty: advanced warfare, unreal tournament, planetside 2, titanfall, titanfall, quake 3]	I've been really wanting to play a fast paced FPS similar to games like Unreal Tournament but with great graphics that will take advantage of my PCs hardware. I've been really in the mood to play a good Sci-Fi Arena FPS similar to Unreal Tournament but it seems like there's just not many Arena FPS games that have been released recently. Basically I want great graphics and a fast paced FPS. Any recommendations?   My Specs:   CPU: Core i5-4670K @  GHz RAM: 8GB @ 1600 MHz GPU: R9 270X with 2GB of VRAM HDD: 1TB
[assassins creed]	Don't have to get too detailed, here. Just looking for something new to play and I love games that have these things. Thanks :)  *edit*: Exploration that feels worth it is more what I mean. Not just, "Oh, this is a cool cave with nothing useful in it." Rewarding exploration is what I'm looking for. And most of the time that goes along with character progression. Maybe you'd find a crazy-good piece of armor in that cave instead, or something along those lines.  *edit #2*: What sparked it for me was playing WoW, and I also had a very similar experience with Dark Souls and Fallout 3. When I play games like those, after I reach a certain point I plan out all this cool stuff I'd like to acquire for my character, then I go on my adventure to get it. For example, in WoW, I got as geared as I could, went around and got the mounts I wanted, leveled engineering to get specific abilities that I wouldn't otherwise have. In Dark Souls it would've been specific armor or weapons I want, etc.
[planescape: torment]	Honestly, I'm terrible at video games and when I challenge myself too much, I just end up frustrated and don't enjoy the game. I'm looking for a game that's not very challenging (or that I can make not very challenging) and has a great story that I can really get into.  Also, a story where I can make decisions to affect the outcome would be a huge plus! (Just finished Dragon Age: Origins and loved it). I prefer RPGs, but if you want to recommend something that's not an RPG then go right ahead. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated!
[minecraft]	I'm building a gaming PC for my little brothers and sisters (ages 11-17) so that I can play games with them from another state.  They don't play PC games other than browser games right now, but they do play console games.  [Here's the build](http://  Can you guys give me some recommendations?  My criteria are:  * impressive HD visuals which don't require mods (wow factor) * online multiplayer is a plus * Steam sale candidate (&lt;$20ish) * gentle-ish learning curve (they'll be transitioning from controller to keyboard/mouse controls) * fun, obviously  Thanks!  ___  **EDIT**  ##CURRENT LIST##  ALREADY PURCHASED OR FREE-TO-PLAY:  * Risk of Rain * Insurgency * DOTA 2 * League of Legends * TF2  SUGGESTED SO FAR:  * Minecraft * Portal 1/2 *WILL BUY DURING STEAM SALE* * Trine 1/2 *WILL BUY DURING STEAM SALE* * Orcs Must Die 2 *WILL BUY DURING STEAM SALE* * Lego series (I'm thinking Batman or Harry Potter would be good, they don't like Star Wars or Indiana Jones)
[plants vs zombies, friendly fire, head to head, this game, this game, a way out]	Well, my gf is studying on another city, so we can only play via internet. We both only have computers, so i'm afraid PC only :P  We currently  play Age of Mythology, but it's getting old already.  Me: I'm used to every genre of videogames, so I pretty much enjoy whatever fun I can get (My favourite game is Dorf Fortress).  She: Hardcore Sims player, so far, she haven't played much games besides To the moon and some other games like Mario and Smash Bros, pretty much Nintendo (Her favourite game is The Sims 3 or Animal Crossing).   We are waiting for Stardew Valley to come off so we can play a little, because I know we are going to enjoy it a lot.  So we are looking something to play and have fun, so, redditors, Something you use to play with your girlfriends?  Thanks!
[bravely default]	The only game I have so far is Ocarina of Time. I like Strategy/Tactics/TBS, but I've also become fond of handheld story-based RPG's (as opposed to the elder scrolls, say, which is meh)  My wishlist so far is this, to give an idea of what I think I'll like  - 3DS Pokemon (X, Alpha Sapphire ) - The Legend of Korra: a new era begins - Fire Emblem Awakening - Tales of the abyss - Nostalgia (on DS)  DS games welcome, too.   Edit: Thanks for the suggestions guys. I now have a nice, long wishlist to stare wistfully at. 
[nes, nes, nes]	My first gaming system was a gameboy color, my first console was a Nintendo 64. However, I have always wanted to get into some of the older systems. I have narrowed down a starting point to three different consoles: the NES, SNES, and Sega Genesis. For the sake of saving money and not interfering with my studying, I am only interested in getting one. Which system should I get, and what games?  Any suggestions are welcome, but please try to justify your opinion in some way. Thanks reddit!  EDIT: turns out, I can't spell. Title should say "hi", not "hoi".  
[fire emblem: awakening]	So tomorow I am going to game stop and want to buy Preferably a 3DS game (though I have a 2DS)  but a DS game would be cool too. I have played a lot if games on the DS but my main favorites(I got pissed at a lot if them too but to me that is the sign of both a fun and difficult game since they all drew me back) have been Pokemon Mystery dungeon:Explorers of sky,Pokemon Y,Bravely Default(still playing),and Dragon Quest 9 . My favorite non DS have been WoW,Civilization,Thomas was Alone(epic game),starcraft(though I am not very good LoL xd) series,Portal series, and a couple other I can't remember now.  Edit: Fantasy life,Shin Megami Tensai 4,The World ends with you, and Link Between Worlds are the ones i got out of pressing teh randomizer four time. Now I will choose which of these I think I like best  Edit 2: I have chosen to get Fantasy Life and Link between worlds right now using the bestbuy deal /u/scurvebeard suggested. WIll also probably buy the other games at a later time
[sons of liberty, system shock, bioshock]	So I'm going to take the leap and try to get my girlfriend to play a video game. Her only experience is Mario Kart 64 many years ago but besides that she hates video games and I tend to just keep this important hobby of mine completely to myself.  She's currently a doctoral student specializing in literature as well as an editor so she has incredibly high standards for stories and will tend to just rip things apart. Basically her whole life and work revolves around books. Which has me thinking maybe a game without a story would be for the best entry wise, but I'm really not so sure.   Any help is appreciated since I really don't know where to start with this. I do have access to almost every console so that's not an issue.  
[dust: an elysian tail, saints row 3, metroid, dmc]	I recently purchased a basic PC controller, and I'm wondering what I should try playing with it. I dislike racing games, and I flat-out refuse to play any sort of shooter with a controller. Some commonly-recommended games to use with a controller, which I own or are otherwise aware of, are   * Psychonauts * Spelunky * Super Meat Boy * Dark Souls * Jet Set Radiooooooooo * Risk of Rain * Braid * Limbo * Guacamelee * Brothers  Are there any games I might be overlooking that would be great to play with a controller? I'd prefer something platform-y; I'm still trying to get used to using a controller again after years of mouse+wasd use.
[they bleed pixels, mark of the ninja, thomas was alone, an awesome game, super meat boy, teslagrad, nightsky, spelunky]	I'm not very good at video games, and I don't enjoy the vast majority of video game categories.  I'm also just getting back into gaming after a decade of not playing, and can use some suggestions.  When I was a kid, I always liked platformers the best, Mario and Sonic being the obvious examples.  One of my favorite games ever was Lode Runner, which is something of a puzzle platformer.  In a way, I preferred it to Mario and Sonic, as I didn't have to deal with annoying boss fights.  It was simply a test of reaction time and problem solving skills, and I didn't have to deal with the interruption of a boss fight that ran contrary to the game mechanics I accustomized myself to during the course of the game.  I view boss fights as nuisances that I begrudgingly deal with in order to get the next level, and with games like Mario and Sonic, they were tolerable because they weren't too frequent or difficult.  I don't like Metroidvania platformers, as the boss fights are incessant, and I have to start consulting FAQs and YouTube videos in order to beat each one.  I also don't like backtracking through places I've already been to.  I did mistakenly purchase games like Cave Story and Shovel Knight for the 3DS because they looked fun, but I apprently didn't know what I was getting myself into, because I quickly found myself facing a new boss every half hour or so and having to research how to defeat them.  Pain in the ass, no thanks.  I also don't like anything Mega Man'esque, as those are just way too difficult.  Again, too many boss fights, and too many projectiles coming from multiple directions that I never successfully evade.  Apparently I just suck really hard at these type of games.  I could try to improve, but I'm not sure that I'd enjoy it very much and I'm thinking that at age 38, my video gaming skill has likely plateaued.  I DO like Zelda games, as puzzle-solving tends to be more the focus than combat (which isn't that difficult).  One can quickly transport oneself between checkpoints, so there isn't too much backtracking.  Two games I've recently played are Donkey Kong Country Returns for the 3DS and Spelunky.  Although I often enjoyed DKCR, I'd just as frequently get pretty pissed off at it, although I did stick with it up to the final boss (who I just didn't feel like investing the time to beat).  I'd easily spend 50 lives on certain levels, and I'd be thoroughly sick of each level by the time I was done.  Spelunky, on the other hand, although being every bit as difficult, doesn't aggravate me at all.  I usually laugh at the comical ways in which I die, and the next game is an entirely unique and new adventure.  Spelunky is probably my favorite game that I have ever played,  Even though I'm not that good at it, I feel like I'm making progress at it, as I slowly figure out the mechanics of the environment, and I expect to be occupied with it for months.  I love the randomness of the level generation combined with the platformer dynamic.  Other existing roguelites unfortunately seem to cross with genres that I don't enjoy playing (, Rogue Legacy with its Metroidvania tendencies), but there are a number of games still in development that look promising.  Any suggestions for other games I might like?  I have some ideas of games I might like, but I feel like I've purchased too many games that I didn't end up liking, so I've become more cautious.  I have a 3DS and a Vita, but no home consoles.  I don't have a PC at the moment, as I use a Chromebook, but am considering getting a laptop and controller to take advantage of Steam's library.  I generally don't like any game that's like having a second job.  If I'm worried about the logistics or strategy of a saved game even when I'm not playing it, that's the kind of game I try to avoid.  I don't like grinding, repairing weapons, worrying about making sure my character has enough to eat, letting down teammates due to a failure to advance my character, worrying about enemies attacking my settlement while I'm asleep in real life, or anything like that.  Low-responsibility games only!  Thanks
[unreal tournament 2004, serious sam, warcraft 3, diablo 2, quake 3]	My friend and I love playing games together, however he is unfortunate in only having access to a laptop. I'm looking for multiplayer or coop games that he will be able to run. We're tired of playing the same stable of games, and are looking for something new. To give you a few ideas, we normally play Mount and Blade Warband and The Ship. When he comes to mine we enjoy playing Crusader Kings 2 together, and have dabbled in games such as DayZ and Goat simulator. Our tastes are pretty wide ranging. any help would be appreciated. 
[space engineers]	Me and 2 friends tried out [CaslteMiner Z](http:// and, to my huge surprise, we actually enjoyed it. I'm not big on strategy or building simulators and thought MineCraft was just boring but found this game to be great with my friends.  I'd like to find something else though with more variety, possibly better graphics if possible, and more control like make actual games in the world for us to play. MineCraft doesn't have guns from what I recall, please correct me if I'm wrong, and you also need to buy packs in order to get more content which I'm not trying to spend a bunch of money especially when the 3 of us have to buy it.  Gary's Mod also came to mind but same issue. Seems to me you have to buy the games for more content. Looking for a single purchase. It's fun now but we don't get to play together much and sometimes it's far between.  **TL;DR**  Any sandbox games for 3 people to play together online? Doesn't need to have other players be able to access either. Just us 3 is fine. Minecraft seems ok but want something with guns and hopefully better graphics. Also don't want to buy packs for more content. Same goes for Gary's Mod with having to buy other games for more  materials.   A single purchase where we can build, freedom to makeup games and such in the world, and/or has good graphics. Thanks.  **Edit**: Looking for games on PC. 
[point of view]	I bought dragon age after hearing glowing reviews and recommendations, and I couldn't get into it for the life of me. The gameplay was just so clunky. It felt like I was playing a shitty version of WoW, which already had combat that felt dull to me. Played it for maybe an hour or two then Quit out of sheer boredom and frustration.   That being said, I watched a couple gameplay videos of The newest entry and I'm really on the fence. Planning out your people's actions like a pro football coach or a commander or something? Looks cool, but I hated how the person playing had to pause every 10 seconds to issue new commands. I'd rather have straight action, like *The Witcher,* or straight strategy, like *XCOM:Enemy Unknown.* The mix of both seems tedious. However, if I could give my folks a set of orders to follow before going into battle, like *Final Fantasy XII* and not have to queue up 35 goddamn commands, like in the first one, and focus on the action, I could be sold on this. Anyone want to sell me on this? The story looks fantastic, and so do the graphics and audio. And those are all huge pluses for me.
[kingdoms of amalur: reckoning]	Let me get this out of the way: I have played ALL the Elder Scrolls and Fallout games, even the bad ones. I have played all Deus Ex games. I have played Red Dead Redemption, The Witcher series, Borderlands series, Assassin's Creed series, Far Cry series, Stalker series, Arkham series, and more. I'm also not interested in the GTA, Saints Row, or Dragon Age games, and as the title suggests, not looking for an MMORPG either. I know I've just written off (hopefully not all) of the ideas that you just thought of, and this may seem like a difficult question, but if anyone around here has played any standout open world single-player RPGs of any age (graphics are secondary to gameplay if you ask me) that would be fantastic. I, and hopefully other redditors would love to discover some new favorite games. Thanks in advance!
[nine hours, nine persons, nine doors, planescape: torment]	So I really like games where the story involves some sort of mystery or figuring out some conspiracy. Examples of what I'm talking about are The Wolf Among Us, Heavy Rain,  Noire(despite its stupid chases), and The Witcher(despite its horrible combat).   I really don't like games where I have to kill endless amounts of enemies for no real reason which is why TWAU and Heavy Rain were really enjoyable for me.   Any recommendations? What about the Sherlock Holmes series, is it worth checking out? If so where should I start? I have pc,xbox360, and ps3.  Thanks!
[beach volleyball, dead or alive]	It seems to me like it's always like this:  * Games with pretty girls --&gt; Simply a bad game, Visual novel genre(which I like but don't play much) or Hentai(which I don't need any suggestion, thank you). * Good games --&gt; Not so much of "pretty" girls or no girls at all.  Not always, but usually.   So, throw at me some good games with pretty girls please. Japanese art style is preferable but just throw me anything. Any platform, any genre, any language, anything.   Some such games as examples:  * PowerDoLLS. Japanese XCom with cute but badass woman robot pilots who are sent to suicide mission every single time. * Recettear. Good fantasy world shop keeper simulator. Exploit poor adventurers to pay your huge debts. No one wins but the house. * Princess Maker. The classic. Except Q. And 4. * They Bleed Pixels. Nice platformer action with lots of blood and Lovecraft. * Skullgirls. I'm not good at fighting games genre but it's a perfect example.  Edit: formatting.
[master of orion 2, break out]	With Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri, Master of Orion 1+2, and Master of Magic on sale at , I'm debating which one is most worth my time and effort. Can anyone compare and contrast these to each other?  More info on my tastes, my favorite civ game was Civilization II, though Galactic Civilizations II was a close second for me. (Played Civ 3 and 4, but they just didn't seem as good.) I'm also a Magic player who enjoyed the Microprose M:tG adventure game, so I'm kind of leaning toward Master of Magic.  **Update:** Thanks for your input; I think I'll get MoO for polish and customizablity and MoM for gonzo crazy combo synergies. SMAC sounds great but redundant between the two others and CivII.
[risk of rain, spelunky]	I absolutely love Spelunky! Play it practically every day. One of my favorites of all time! But I think I'd like to mix it up a little bit and add some platform games to my library.  I'm looking for:  * 2D Side-scrolling / Platform game for PC. * Not depressing or dark or gross or full of ennui. I like colorful, bright, maybe silly, does NOT take itself seriously. * Gamepad support.  * If it's got randomly generated levels all the better. Or maybe on the metrovania side. * A casual game, easy to pick up. If you die (often in Spelunky), it's usually because you made a mistake.  Games like Spelunky I've already played and enjoyed, but not what I'm looking for at the moment:  * Risk of Rain (I didn't like that a few minutes in you just became swarmed with enemies) * Rogue Legacy (Very fun, but a little too repetitive) * Fez (Great puzzle game, but I'd like a little more action)  Any and all suggestions are greatly appreciated! Thanks!
[monster hunter, path of exile, dark souls, dark souls, darksiders, this game, warframe, warframe, ninja]	Hey, I am lurkin around this sub alot in the last week and alot of people search for free to play titles and I must admit im sick and tired of every single free to play game who is even the slightest in the direction of "pay 2 win". For me that includes anything other than cosmetic changes  Thats why I am looking for good pay2play titles with a coop or multiplayer part.   **What is necessary?**  I absolutely adore **rpg elements** of any kind in games. Doesn't matter in which form (the more the better).  * Leveling *  Skilltrees * Modification * Loot/Drops * Progression in any sense  **Genre**  I actually don't mind which genre except strategy   **Nice to have**  * Coop (prefer it over PvP) * Different ways to play the game * Presence/Past not Future Setting * Holy Trinity (if its an MMO) * No subscription fee   **What I enjoyed**  * Payday 2: Absolutely the best fitting game. It has 2 major ways to play it (loud and silent). It has a leveling system and modifcations, skilltrees, different weapons, alot of maps. The DLCs are not necessary at all, I enjoy giving back to the developers when they keep updating the game  * Skyrim/Oblivion/Morrowind: Unfortunately no multiplayer part (dont like ESO). Otherwise a hell of experience. leveling, loot, progression in so many ways, learning by doing, modifcation, crafting, exploring. Awesome games  * League of Legends: Im kinda tired, played it for 4 years, reached Diamond and won't ever get to master/challenger so my progression kinda stopped other than getting better, but just 1-2 higher division is not enough progression for me. What I liked is the good f2p-model, basically only cosmetic except boosts, leveling, unlocking champs and runes.  * Diablo 3 + ROS: Liked to play with friends, searching for loot, leveling but you hit a point where you basically can't do much than grind for very little improvements and paragon wasn't enough to keep me interested.   * Borderlands 2: Didnt really played all that much (you need people to play with I guess?) I might consider buying the GOTY Edition, you think thats worth? Would be awesome with a system like payday2 to joing open games.   * CS GO: THe only "progression" in a way is to rank up and paid customization of weapons afaik. And im terrible so I mostly run for 10 seconds around like a chicken, die and then wait for the round to end. Rinse and repeat.  * Guild Wars 2: Way too boring combat. I played a mage till  level ~40 and I hated that I only had so little options in terms of spells and was related to my weapon choice (and kinda forced you to use a particular one to use spells you had fun using) plus the pve felt awkward without the holy trinity.   I am considering to look into WoW WoD again, but its such a timekiller, I really liked playing arenas back in the day of WOTLK. I would really like a game like WoW arena with some basic leveling and equipping through whatever! :)    Thanks for any help!  [PC only] but im considering getting a PS4 for XMAS  
[don't starve together, 100% orange juice, ticket to ride, civilization 5, mario party, board games, mario kart]	My girlfriend and I are in a long distance relationship for now and I think a fun way to spend time "together" would be through gaming. Basically I'm looking for a PC co-op game we can play online together.   The only problem is, she's pretty new to gaming and probably couldn't handle games that require a lot of hand eye co-ordination (Portal 2 is definitely out). She's not totally incompetent though, she's gotten about a third of the way through Infamous: Second Son on easy and she's only died a few dozen times.  She loves Zoo Tycoon. I mean she plays it religiously. I think that's mostly because of the animals, though. She love animals almost as much as she loves me, or so I tell myself.  She also likes Mario Party. I know that's because the controls are simple and the game itself is just good old fashioned fun.  She also has a mediocre computer.  TL;DR  I want to get a PC online Co-op game for my girlfriend and I to play since we're long distance.  Shouldn't be too hand/eye coordination intensive (but ok to be a little bit). She LOVES Zoo Tycoon for the animals and likes Mario Party for the simplicity. Has a so-so computer.  Thanks!
[playstation, wii u, wii u]	So, I hope I'm not causing any trouble by asking for some help with this particular issue. I console stuff can get heated sometimes.   Anyways, I'm having trouble choosing between the PS4 and Xbox One. I'm not really looking to buy two consoles, at least for the foreseeable future. Both consoles have good selling points.  Frankly, the MC Collection for Xbox One is a huge pull for me. I am very fond of the halo games. I still play Halo 1 and 2 on my computer. On the other hand, there does seem to a computing disparity between the two consoles and not in the Xbox One's favor.  I do think having a more powerful console might be better, especially as things get further on in the cycle and developers figure out how to get the most out of their machines. I am cautiously excited for Bloodborne, as I was a huge fan of Demon Souls and Dark Souls 1 (though I really dislike DS2). The Order 1886 looks good as well, I suppose.  Anyways, if you'd like to weigh in, please leave a comment.  
[rogue legacy]	I've been growing rather impatient lately tbh, and its getting harder and harder for me to enjoy games the older I get.  =  The last game I've actually enjoyed was batman arkham city and Far Cry 3 a couple years back. They occupied my time for hours on end.  =  I need something that will keep me entertained actually wanting to play more, please feel free to suggest anything fun (first person shooter, role playing games, or anything)  =  There are some games I can handle and some I can't handle anymore. Stuff like Call of Duty and Battlefield can't usually keep my attention span longer than 15 - 30 minutes. I start getting bored after a few games. Games like Skyrim, usually get my attention with the fun mini-puzzles. I just need something that will actually want me to come back to it and play it more (possibly for pc and or Xbox 360)   =  I generally enjoy Open world games with mini puzzles and a lot of combat to keep my mind entertained.   I'm looking for some games like   - Dark Souls/Skyrim  - Final Fantasy Series  - Half Life series/Metro series   - Crysis   =  Oh also, I really REALLY love stealth games. They actually keep me pretty entertained for hours on end. Something like the hitman series or even Splintercell.   =  I'll create a list of games that you guys suggest   - Rogue Legacy  - gunpoint  -   =  edit : guys lets tend to stay away from open world (non-puzzle games)  Fallout 3/NV/Dishonored. I've already played them, and they're not really puzzle games (and they don't entertain me that long tbh.) I only mentioned skyrim because it had mini puzzles inside of it (to get further along during quests) which was really fun. Almost a bit like the tomb raider games, they were rather similar. If we could steer clear of those that'd be great! Although thank you for the suggestions so far, just only a couple so far honestly look interesting. (How about suggesting some Indie titles?) I usually tend to get hooked on indie titles rather quickly. 
[pixel dungeon]	When I look for android games most of what I see seem like "free"-to-play tatt. I can handle some microtransactions, but when thats the gameplay it can go straight into the pit of "go fuck yourself"  Any suggestions on games where the gameplay isn't about paying up, but an actual game. Any type of game is welcome and if its "pay up front" would be even better.  Ads are fine, and so are minor microtransactions that won't be a big deal, but preferably I want some *Actual* games here before I explode into gems for only 99,- Gold each.   
[super paper mario]	Hi, I'm looking for a game that has basically a place you're trying to get to, and you can see it grow larger in the distance as you get closer and closer to it. Sorry if it's a rather specific request, I'm just interested in seeing what games can do with this trope.  So far I know of **Journey**, which I'd love to play but sadly I don't have a PS3, **Dear Esther**, which had a great atmosphere but suffered from pretentious writing, **Fallout 3**, which pulled it off fantastically with the Capitol Building, and **Fallout: New Vegas**, which also did a good job at it with New Vegas.  So yeah, anyone know of any other games that do something like that?
[insanely twisted shadow planet, super metroid, super metroid, super metroid, castlevania, cave story, teslagrad , vvvvvv , shantae]	I particularly enjoyed *An Untitled Story*. I also enjoyed *Fez* very much, which isn't quite a Metroidvania but close enough to be relevant. I haven't played too many others, but I know what I'm looking for (all but the first three are just preferences, and I realize that a game that conforms to all of them probably doesn't even exist):  - Decentralized and very diverse world - Nonlinear but very present plot - Involves skill upgrades (like all Metroidvanias ought to), preferably with a proper skilltree - Scrolling rather than having "rooms" - Platformer (I have yet to play *Aquaria* or *Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet*, but I like platformers) - Relaxed pace; no non-renewable resources, no time limits, etc - A world populated with characters (this is what bugs me about games like *AUS* and *Fez*, it's all empty and depressing; RPGs do it right)  I like both platforming challenges and puzzles. I don't like just plowing through enemies, unless it's a puzzle in and of itself. I'd prefer longer games to shorter ones, but who wouldn't?  Any suggestions? Thank you for your time.
[dawn of war]	Hi all, I recently finished Assassin's Creed Brotherhood and Revelations. An aspect of these games that I found myself putting a fair amount of time into was training assassins by sending them off to carry out missions around the world, gradually leveling them up and giving them better equipment as they advanced in rank. So I was wondering, are there any games out there that offer that kind of gameplay or customization but on a deeper level? The setting and/or level of player input doesn't really bother me too much  having to teach a recruit a new technique, I just want something that allows me to train my own people from a noob to a veteran.
[valkyria chronicles]	I have the week off work so im looking for something new to play, i love tactics games and recently bought wastelands 2 which i though was pretty awesome, the only things i didn't like was the overwhelming amounts of dialogue and how unforgiving it was. however i loved having a team and recruiting new party members and the ability to equip my team up.  Just to give you more of an idea of what i'm into my Favourite Final Fantasy game was  Final Fantasy:Tactics. However i also love creating things, crafting weapons, building levels.  So what can you suggest for me? PC only - Price doesn't matter
[ride to hell: retribution]	So a couple years back a buddy of mine and I decided to make it a thing to complete Sonic 06 and get drunk while doing so within the course of a month.  Yes, Sonic 06 is an awful game but god damn it was it not one of the funnest moments I had playing a video game with a friend.  Sharing a hatred for a game together over glasses of whiskey was awesome and I've been trying to find a game that replicates this feeling.  Now I'm looking for a specific kind of bad game here.  I want a game where the design and coding of the game are hindering the player from completing it.  The biggest challenge my friend and I had playing Sonic 06 was getting past the glitches and bad controls to the point where we had to manipulate some parts of the game just to do what we needed.  So not a bad game that is just repetitive the whole way through.  It needs to be very frustrating from beginning to end. 
[dc universe online, path of exile, guild wars 2, guild wars 2, everquest, star wars, warframe, archeage, diablo 3, firefall, firefall]	I'm not looking for every feature on this list, but if you could try and meet a majority of them, kudos to you.  * pay once play forever/free to play * fairly light on the hardware specs. * Friendly community for noobs a must.  *  An expansive class/race/job system for unique character creation.  * Enough unique weapons and loot that there's a variety.  * no Pay to Win/unlock everything crap. Or at least a wide variety of stuff that's already unlocked. *  A storyline and/or unique open-world exploration would not go amiss.  * Lot's of extensive decision making, like a virtual D&amp;D * Entertaining gameplay if possible. we can handle Turn-based, but something fast-paced while still strategic would be nice. * Would be nice but very unlikely: no lag under a 350 kb/s internet connection. We have access to a 10 Mb/s connection if not.
[resident evil 5]	We're both pretty casual as far as video games go. She probably has more of a gaming background than I do, actually, since she grew up playing them with her brother. She played all the Halo games as well as stuff like Oblivion and Skyrim. I played a few "serious" games like Bioshock back in the day, but for the most part recently the only thing I've been playing is Call of Duty online.  Anyway, since it's getting colder outside and we're spending less time outdoors, I've started feeling like all we do is sit around and watch TV, and she's prone to falling asleep easily in front of the TV so I feel like we're not even really spending much time together. I thought a video game might be something more active that we could do together while still staying warm and comfortable. I'm looking for a 360 game, since we both have that console, and preferably not anything too new because neither of us have a ton of money laying around and I don't want to drop $50-60 on a new game. In fact, it would be pretty cool if I could find 2-3 used games without spending too much so that we could try some different things. As far as content goes, I'm pretty open to suggestions, just something that has co-op or two player modes that are absorbing and fun for two people.  Thanks in advance!
[state of decay, neo scavenger, unreal world]	*This War of Mine* has the following features:  **1)** [2D/semi-3D gameworld view](http:// that is easily handled by most computers ( is not graphics intensive, while *still* being quite pretty)  **2)** scavenging and crafting mechanisms (you collect items, and you craft with them, for a variety of benefits)  **3)** strikes a balance between "open-world" (like *Terraria*) and a "guided world", although it leans more towards the second -- this allows the game to have an RPG like aspect/story to it  **4)** some of trading mechanism which meshes with **2)**  **5)** survival genre - which seems to mesh well with **2)**, **3)** and **4)**  [Here's a game (free to play) that comes pretty close to these features: *The Last Stand: Union City*.](http://  *Terraria* and *Starbound* are similar but different in an important way: they lack the RPG/story aspects to the game.  Could you recommend other games that match some of these criteria (in particular, **1)** is the most important and **5)** is the least important)? I like the buildup of these games, where I slowly learn how to survive at first, and then as time goes by, learn more and more about the world that I am in.
[burnout paradise]	I don't own any racing games on PC, but since I've gotten a controller I've really been craving some speed. I want a more arcade-y experience sorta like the good old Playstation 2 Burnout games.  With:  * Sense of high speed  * Easy to control drifting  * Bitchin' soundtrack  * Turbo/boost  * Preferably no weapons, but I'll take what I can get  I'm not really looking realism here, just a fun racing game. Couch co-op would be a nice feature too, but isn't necessary. I see that GRID 1&amp;2 are up on the Humble Bundle. Those that have played either of these games, are they fun like Burnout was?
[lol]	Strife was kind of my gateway into MOBAs but I'm getting a little tired of it-- the community is kind of small and there are not so many heroes to choose from.  I'm a really sensitive girl who tends to take things a little too personally... and I also know that MOBAs are notorious for their toxic environments. I'm also a really uncoordinated/sucky player but I have a lot of fun.   Would I have better luck trying DotA 2 or LoL (to see if I can even handle these communities). Sorry for the ridiculous ask and I appreciate all advice/insight. Thanks in advance
[victoria ii, tropico 4 , this game, anno 1404]	After trying out Sid Meier's Colonization (gog version) recently, I've fell in love with the colonialism 4X setting and would like to play a similar, mechanically better game because Colonization, although being an awesome game, has so many flaws.  There are probably two major issues for me with the game. The bigger issue is combat. I've seen friends play, or played myself, every Civilization game, from the first to Beyond Earth, and I remember those times when a much weaker unit pre Civ4 would be able to win vs a stronger unit. This is basically my main reason of Alt-F4'ing Colonization - I'm a really emotional player and I often struggle with my emotions when facing a tough challenge, but when a cannon with ~11 power dies to an Indian native of  power, I instantly alt f4, because, well, I just lost a battle to RNG, which is not a challenge of skill, but challenge of RNG, and if I wanted a challenge at my RNG skills I'd play dice or poker vs myself. I'd prefer either Civ5-ish turn based combat, real time combat(AoE or Total War style), or no combat at all.  Secondly, all the outdated features of Pre-Civ5 Era. Unit stacking, square tiles, irrational events and AI - I've had a friendly colony put 5 dragoons next to my colony for no reason and then 3 turns later my home country declared war on home country of that colony and these dragoons seized my capital inbetween the turns, I instantly Alt-F4'd).   Other 4X-ish / Colonial-era themed games I played, but didn't like are these:  * FreeCol - this game is free, which is nice, but it's ugly and clunky and sucks even for a free one. Trying to play this game is masochism at its finest. I mean, wtf is the deal with the change of camera POV? Why does the game minimize after every move?   * Age of Empires III - the card system was fun at first, but got boring really fast. Also, it it's not really a 4X game. It's a grindfest bigger than Lineage 2. Playing 1,000 skirmishes just to get the required cards to at least be able to compete with highest level AI is really dumb. Also, the World of Tank-ish limitation that my experience on one nation can't be carried over to experience of another nation is also... just bad.  * Colonization (Civ IV engine) - this game fixed some issues that the original had, but at the same time removed some of my favourite features, for example the Founding Fathers system was reworked from a good system to a terrible one.  * Age of Pirates - not a 4X, an RPG with trading simulator elements, but colonial setting. Extremely buggy and got boring really fast, too.   So here I am, thinking - is Europa Universalis 4, with its DLC Conquest of Paradise, my only viable option of a 4X colonial era game? I mean, I love this game, but I already tried a few times to start a game as an European country, build a colony ASAP and then reload as it, but it's as anti-fun as EU4 can get sometimes - it's either boring because you do nothing, boring because of cascades of alliances, or boring because it's too easy.
[eternal darkness: sanity's requiem, the longest journey, alien world, mother 3, mother 3]	(spoilers maybe)  I remember enjoying the Alan Wake ending and the 2 dlcs quite a lot. Especially the whole words turning into items and the part where you walk in a rotating set of rooms with a giant typewriter. Among other things, like being attacked by possessed objects, it was just really fun.  Papo &amp; Yo was bright and colorful and full of metaphors as a way to say a dark story. The way you could use the switches to move around houses and other parts of the world to move around/trap the monster was really cool. Awesome music as well.  In Quantum Connundrum I loved how you got to reskin every single thing in the room in order to change its weight and solve portal-esque puzzles.  In Alice Madness returns even though it was lengthy and felt like it dragged on forever, it was fun fighting teapots and dark ooze things with an umbrella as a shield. You could shrink yourself to find hidden stuff by viewing phased out platforms or whatever. You'd shoot pig snouts with a pepper grinder to trigger something etc. Fun stuff.  Some cool weapons from unrelated games that aren't in a magical setting, but are worth mentioning:  Portal gun from Portal.  Slicer from Little and Big Grandpa's Leftovers.  Time gun from Singularity.  I also really liked the dream sequences from max payne scattered in between the action parts.  (/spoilers)   Looking for similar awesome games with cool gimmicks. Help? Thanks in advance.
[game!]	I suffer from painful lack of immersive game. What I liked so far:    * Diablo 2 for lots of skill and item combinations and tinkering with builds, also pretty good plot   * Fallout 1 &amp; 2 for multiple plot choices and experimenting to find the optimal way to solve everyone's problems   * Planescape: Torment for the Fallouts' reasons + the plot and rich world   * Dark Souls for narrative and again, tinkering with builds  Now my problem is, I can't find again similiar experience. Passed through Diablo 3 at the time of auctions and it was lacking build engineering and really interesting items (then, and in my opinion). Tried Path of Exile and got discouraged early (A3) with not exactly ground-breaking passive skills (effects are nice but not in 'wow' range for me) and repetitive combat. Tried Ziggurat and while being nice and well executed it again isn't exactly deep, not much to discover :) Tried Age of Decadence demo and camera controls, movement and the slow tempo drives me insane.  Considering:    * Dark Messiah, what do you think?   * Dark Souls 2, afraid it will be worse than first, also my laptop might not handle it well   * Divinity: original Sin perhaps? (my poor laptop)   * Also hearing lots of hype about Dragon Age, series which somehow passed unnoticed by me so far.  Help, please don't let me procrastinate instead of working instead of play instead of working...
[mirror's edge]	't really know what I want to play right know, but I'm really desperate for games where you can feel like your totally involved on the games, not just controlling the characters.   I've played Vampire The Masquerade, this is really the best example of games that I'm looking for since 1. The character was based on answers on 'personality test'. 2. I feel like I was the vampire, because I wasn't just going around and doing missions but also get to feed when I need blood and the dialogue is being chosen by me. 3. We get to pick lock or using items like we actually use it. I got to type on computer as well  I've read many forums about VTM, but everyone says this game is unique so it's difficult to find something like this.  So yeah, any suggestions guys? I'm not to picky on genres, Simulators like The Sims is cool, but I get bored of it so I stop playing and wait for new DC or EP.  I like strategy games too, but I'm not into war strategy. But I'd love it more if anyone could suggest RPG with neat stories.  Thanks before
[rayman]	I'd like to buy my boyfriend a video game for Christmas. I don't know much about games and I figure I'll get a gift receipt with whatever I get, but suggestions are appreciated!  We have a fairly old Wii (probably from 2009/2010? it was a gift from someone who didn't use theirs and not a WiiU) and he has an Xbox controller for the computer. We have a new (this year) PC with Windows 8. We don't have a lot of Wii games, but I know he liked Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess. He also likes Mario games, but he knows that's what I'm more interested in, so I would rather get him something that's just for him and maybe I'll pick out a Mario game that we can both play. He recently bought himself Diablo and I know he likes that. He was playing League of Legends for a while with a friend of his, but he doesn't really have time to commit to playing with others online and would rather have a game that he can play whenever and save/quit with a few minutes notice. I know that's not a whole lot to compare to, but it's all I know! If it matters, we're in our late 20s. Budget doesn't really matter, under $100 for 1 game is fine with me.  So, any suggestions for a Wii or PC game would be appreciated! Let me know if I can offer any more info. Thanks!  edit: If it matters, [this is the graphics card](http:// in the PC. I can probably get all the specs if that's useful, we built it from parts.
[bioshock]	I love the Assassin's Creed series &amp; Bioshock Infinite. I usually play AC3, COD, and GTA. I am getting really bored of them. Destiny, recently came out, the graphics/theme looks nice but I'm not really into fighting robotic aliens. I enjoyed AC3, because of the American Revolution theme and the series' concept of jumping from building to building, assassinating. As for Bioshock Infinite, the landscape is beautiful, I was intrigued by the fantasy feel to it. What games, like those two, would you recommend?
[spelunky]	I'm looking for something primarily with huge replay value, like Binding of Isaac (I have about 115 hours on BoI + Rebirth combined) or Risk of Rain. Action-based would be preferable - I have FTL but it's not quite my cup of tea. If it's cheap/on sale currently that's a bonus!  I also don't have a mouse with me - I'm at college and don't want to lug a mouse around along with my comp. I have an XBox controller with a broken left bumper, though, so I can use that if necessary (though I don't like using controllers for FPS games).
[angry birds]	Game I like:  Pokemon: I used to love this series. I like games that you can explore and discover secret areas. Also I loved how you can raise all the monsters and customize them how you wish.  Conquer Online: This was my first mmo. It was a Diablo like game. The weapons upgrade system was one of the best I have in any game. Unfortunately it is p2w.  War of the Immortals: The game was good but it was really instanced based and it got repetitive fast. Also didn't like the weapon system. Once you used a weapon it would be bounded to player and basically became useless after you gained certain levels (unlike CO where you can keep upgrading and leveling up your gear).  League of Legends: My only complaint against this is that it is that you are very dependent on your team. It would be cool to have a game where you don't necessarily lose if you or one of the teammates play poorly.   I like really grindy games. Character customization. Open world exploration. Strategical or tactical combat. No p2w games.
[this game, game!]	I had planned on spending my weekend playing Inquisition, and MAYBE I could have learned to love it had I given it more of a chance, but there were far too many things wrong to give it the benefit of the doubt and so I requested a refund.  That's pretty cool of Origin, at least.  However, I don't want that to be what this post is about.  What I'm looking for is something like Dragon Age, Mass Effect, Shadowrun, or Skyrim.  I just got done playing Dragon's Dogma, and I effing loved that game.  I looked into Shadows of Mordor, but not being able to create a character is pretty much a deal-breaker for me these days.  I guess I should just give some rough criteria:  - PC game - Character creation almost essential - RPG elements - Immersive story and/or world  That's pretty much it - the game doesn't have to be fantasy, it doesn't have to be over-the-shoulder, and it doesn't even have to be... actiony?  Whatever.  EDIT - For anyone else who may read this and prematurely judge DA:I - if you get the cutscene jitters like I did, there is a way to fix that.  Simply add "-GameTime.MaxSimFps 60 -GameTime.ForceSimRate 60+", minus the quotes, after the .exe path in the shortcut properties.  Then you can get rid of the dumb hair/lip shine by changing your Mesh Quality to High in the graphics settings.  (thanks to /u/ArcanumMBD for that).  The game really does improve after these two key changes.
[deus ex: human revolution, assassin's creed, mass effect, bioshock, bioshock, far cry]	Hi everyone!  Every year for Christmas I try to get my husband a few new video games, and every year he has to write down a list and I get him exactly what is on that list.  While that's all well and good, I really hate losing the element of surprise, and I was hoping reddit would help me!  My husband has an XBOX 360, and the games that I know he plays are games like Assassin's Creed (he has all of them, but I can't get the newest one because I don't think it's being released for the 360, and we don't want to get an XBOX 1 right now), Red Dead Redemption, and Fallout New Vegas.  He told me he likes First Person Shooter RPGs.  Does anyone have any suggestions of video games that are similar to these, or any games that you really like that maybe I should get my husband to try?  They don't have to be new games, they could be older games - whatever you think!  I appreciate all of your help!  Edit:  Thanks everyone for your help!  I'm going to shop tomorrow and I'm so glad to have this list.  Also thank you so much for letting me know about the new Assassin's Creed game - I had no idea about it!  
[hidden and dangerous, death to spies, enemy front, hitman, gta]	Kind of like a lot of the missions in Return To Castle Wolfenstein, or the Pripyat mission in CoD Modern 4 Modern Warfare. Maybe I'm being a little over-specific here, but I like the missions where you have a fair amount of freedom over how you go about completing the objective, instead of running around a battlefield being directed from one mini-objective / checkpoint to the next. Thank you! :) EDIT: For the PC rather than console. Cheers! EDIT no 2: OK, I'm being a bit fussy by saying WWII, how about for any time period :)
[final fantasy tactics, ffvii]	So I got a nook hd. On the Google store I discovered some GBA/PSP emulator apps. I remember having a blast on Mario kart back in the day on GBA, but when I tried to play it the touchscreen controls were hard to use and I couldn't win a race.  My favorite games back in the day on GBA were Mario and Luigi: Superstar Saga. (just obtained it and it is still a blast to play) and Kingdom Hearts: Chain of memories. I never owned a PSP. Any good games from the GBA/PSP I should check out? Preferably ones that work Ok on the touchscreen controls.
[mass effect]	My girlfriend really enjoyed Sniper Elite V2, so for Halloween I bought her the Nazi Zombie Army stand-alones. She finds them very scary and shrieks every few minutes, but continues playing because she likes sniper gameplay (and to be polite, and because she doesn't have a ton of games).  She's very stressed while playing, and I think it would be nice to get her the most adorable sniper game possible, if such a thing exists. She always uses the Pyrovision in TF2, as a basis for what she likes. Maybe some franchise did a funny, jokey sniper game for a laugh, or maybe there's some bizarre indie cute sniper game.  I know this is a long shot and an absurd request, but I'd like to get her something cute to cancel out Nazi Zombie Army.
[the walking dead]	I'm looking for something with a story that has me entrenched in a character's life. I want to feel happy to have completed their story. Two games of recent past that have left me with this feeling are Attack of The Friday Monsters and Catherine. I also highly enjoyed Heavy Rain (aside from the plot holes) and Beyond Two Souls. To a lesser extend, I also enjoyed The Last of Us.  I need the game to be centered in real life. Any fantasy elements should come second to reality. Also, any games that have me play as a high school student or require me to use a sword put me right off.   I have access to a SNES, GBA, DS, 3DS, PSP, and PS3.  Thank you in advance for any recommendations you might have!
[star wars: knights of the old republic, divinity: original sin, mass effect trilogy, planescape: torment, jade empire, the witcher, star trek, sci-fi]	So I'm playing through DA2 at the moment and it's decent but it's reminding me of how amazing DA:O was. I'm looking for games in a similar vein.   I've played Baldurs Gate 1+2, both Icewind Dales, and the first Neverwinter Nights btw before anyone goes to suggest those games. DA:O definitely felt like a step up however and I'm wondering there is anything similar out there? Turn based is ok too if it evokes the same feeling.   Also, how does the new Dragon Age compare to the first one? I'll be getting it eventually regardless, just wondering.
[arma 3]	I saw today some people arguing that CoD and BF4 were not realistic, I don't play either so, I cannot chime in...  Anyway, I wonder, there is any FPS that is truly realistic? You know, that has all details beside NOT using hammerspace inventory, details like gravity affecting bullets on long ranges, no HUD assisted aiming (must use iron sights or scope), etc...  So, what are the most realistic FPS out there, and why?  Also, another option is instead of realistic combat, is the one with most realistic war/platoon/squadron combat, where you must use actual military strategy or tactics (depends on the amount of players I guess) to win.
[divinity: original sin]	I'm looking for a game that is suitable for playing co-operatively with my girlfriend. A few requirements:  * Internet multiplayer - we are often in different countries from each other  * Windows 7 (or maybe Windows XP or Ubuntu) and Mac compatible, Mac is non-negotiable  * Not too high in system requirements  Looking for alternatives to Spiral Knights which we played before but found a bit too much grind and lack of meaningful progression. We considered Torchlight 2 but it lacks Mac support. The action/RPG style is not required, just one that we both have some experience with - open to other suggestions/genres (I've played many, she has played ARPG, (Japanese) CCGs, and various iPhone games).  Essentially we would like a game that does not have a steep learning curve (no Crusader Kings 2) or heavy costs for death/mistakes (no perma-death, no wrong-build = restart). The goal is just to have fun playing together, we both enjoy city/character development aspects, but they are not required.  Some other preferences (but can be ignored):  * no DRM (this includes steam)  * reasonably priced, prefer less than 15 dollars/euros.  I would love to hear suggestions for fun co-op games, do not need to be limited to any genre!
[game on]	I know this isn't a question about suggestion per say but it was the most relevant/populate subreddit where I could hope to get a response. I was planning on buying the new Civ game on black friday and I was wondering if I could activate it on both my computer and my laptop without a disc drive. I know a lot of you guys are yelling at me wondering why I don't just get the steam version but the truth is I'm just a sucker (emphasis on this word I suppose) for physical copies. Any response would be appreciated! 
[mark of the ninja, thomas was alone, hotline miami, fallout 3]	SO I just built my first PC via newegg and it's gonna be awesome, It should be here within the week. I want to start my game collection as I have none, I'm looking for must play games that likely won't get cheaper than they are now. Right now this what my cart looks like on steam, I'm curious if you all think I should get these or hold off until they are cheaper, also if there are any good deals on must play games that won't get any better thanks!  Valve Complete Pack $,  Bioshock Triple Pack $,  Trine Complete Pack $,  Borderlands GOTY $,  Civilization V: Complete Edition $
[neverwinter nights, ultima online]	I had really high hopes for Elder Scrolls Online, thinking that it would be "Skyrim with friends", instead of a generic theme park MMO (I know, I'm an idiot).    Are there any games out there with a community that is more devoted to social interaction and creating good stories?  Games where min-maxing your character is not as much of a focus as making an interesting character?  Games where epic journeys *feel* like epic journeys, instead of a genocidal stroll through just another dungeon?  Games where treasure *feels* like treasure, and not just another boring stat-based power up?  I can't quite put my finger on the reason, but I've never once been inspired by an MMO to hangout in a tavern, sit on a roadside, or plan an epic journey that will take me halfway across the world.  Some might argue I could do these things in any MMO.  However it's not much fun when you're basically the only person playing like that.      
[castle crashers, pick-up]	Were just looking for some cheap fun. Nothing serious like LoL or CS:GO , we just want some lighthearted fun. Ideally F2P, but if it's cheap that's fine too. Thanks!   EDIT: This post sucked, let me improve it...  PC  Controllers: only 1, so might as well have none.  Co-op or competitive  We'll be playing over the internet, not linking up.  I should mention, I have a gaming computer, he doesn't, so it'll have to be a pretty non-demanding game. I don't know the specs but he just has a laptop for school.  EDIT 2:  What's most important is we're looking for a co-op game that doesn't take itself too seriously. If his rig could run Saints Row that would probably be ideal. So we're probably looking for something equivalently lighthearted that isn't a time sink that we can have a good laugh at during study breaks. 
[deus ex]	Looking for game recommendations for my father. He was a huge fan of the original Thief series, and I was able to get him into both Dishonored and the Bioshock franchise recently. He has played the first two Assassin Creed games, but didn't show any real interest in the series beyond that. Are there other games with similar gameplay style to Thief/Dishonored and a decent storyline?  Or, in a different vein, he was really into strategy games. From what I recall he favored Rome Total War and Age of Empires over Starcraft (and Warcraft), with the former being one of his largest time sinks.
[this game]	Hi I want a game I can get into for an hour at a time. Something where it doesn't really have a story, just a lot of action to have some fun. I love left4dead but I'm not very good at multiplayer games, and its a shooter. And yeah that means chivalry is out, I suck at that game, but it is fun. Looking for something similar to L4D but where I can use a sword and shield. Also I don't want to solve puzzles the whole time. Games similar to what I'm looking for: Skyrim, Dark Messiah: might and magic, rune classic, chivalry. My pc can play anything from 2010 and before.
[mass effect]	Me and my friends will get together regularly to play through a game. But many games are of course single player and if we trade off turns the people playing later in the game may have a harder time since they won't know the controls as well. So I'm looking for games we can all enjoy while one of us plays and the others watch. (A good example is I played through the walking dead season 1 with me controlling the game and all of us making the dialogue and situational choices. It worked well and I'm looking for more games we can do this with)  We've already played through:  Beyond: two souls, heavy rain, walking dead seasons 1 and 2, the last of us, alien isolation
[starbound, minecraft]	I'm looking for suggestions for an online co-op game to play with my little brother.  He likes first-person games and "shoulder" camera type games, but doesn't like top-down or isometric views (, Divinity: Original Sin).  He has the sense of humor you'd expect in a 9 year old.  He has a fairly robust gaming PC and a Wii.  So far, we've played Trine 2 and Portal 2 together.  He likes being able to kill his co-op buddy (me), but that's a secondary consideration.  Obviously, violence/rating is an issue.  Comic-book style violence is okay;  realistic violence/gore/profanity is not.  Overly mature themes not ideal either -- , my brother wasn't allowed to see the Hunger Games, because my mom didn't like the idea of him seeing kids killing each other, even if it wasn't gory.  Thanks for your ideas! 
[this game]	I've a strong aversion to linear games because it feels like I'm just going through the predefined motions the developer laid out for me ahead of time. I much prefer to be dropped into a world and look for my own cool experiences, or have my own personal goals to work towards.  I had a blast doing this in Fallout 3 and Skyrim. After the starting quests I would tear off on my own and explore to find cool stuff.  And in a game like WoW, I appreciated that I could level how I wanted. Then, at max, I found my own goals to work towards like acquiring certain mounts and items.  A deep combat system would be my only other preference for this request.  Thanks!
[saints row 3]	I really enjoy capturing territory, especially in a criminal context. I loved taking over the city in the first Godfather game and capturing neighborhoods in GTA:San Andreas. Capturing control/supply points in Company of Heroes and Dawn of War scratched the same itch, but I'd rather not have to give up everything I've built mission to mission.  So, are there any good organized crime or city takeover games that I've missed? I remember downloading the demo of Gangsters 2 back in high school and finding it frustrating. And I was really excited for Omerta, but then read reviews saying it was just miserable.  Failing actual crime games, I'd be excited to hear any kind of good game that involves the mechanic of taking things over, holding them, and gaining resources as a result.
[dragon age origins, an awesome game]	After dumping more time than I'd like into Warband and it's mods, I think it's time for a new game. I love the feel of Warband where there's no real direction and I can do literally whatever I want. I want another game like that!(bannerlord) I've been looking into Kingdom Come: Deliverance, and while it looks awesome, I don't want to sit around waiting for a game that may not live up to it's expectations.   Do you guys have any suggestions? I've played Skyrim, Oblivion, Morrowind, Fallout 3, New Vegas, Minecraft, and a few others I can't really think of right now. While I like them, it's not exactly what I'm looking for right now. I really just want an open ended game where I can get lost for a few hours every night.
[starpoint gemini 2, freelancer]	Hi everyone, I've been looking for games in a similar vein to the space sandbox Freelancer that allow you to explore the galaxy at your own pace, trade resources between systems and fight in ship to ship combat. What do you suggest? I'm restricted to an older i3 laptop for the moment, so I can't play anything graphically intense like Elite: Dangerous or Star Citizen, and after trying X3 Albion Prelude on a friend's PC I found the learning curve to be a bit steep compared to Freelancer where you have the option to just push a few buttons and your ship will basically fly for you.
[horse racing, barbie, xbox]	I still can't believe that the best horse racing game I have ever played was over 20 years ago.  Quarter Pole was the best game I have ever played about horse racing games. And even today, I am still searching for something new.  It is really sad that I can no longer player Quarter Pole because of current fast machines, I have never been able to play it under a slow pc simulator and so  Hooves of thunder was quiet good, but wasn't even close to Quarter Pole  I have read plenty of times that Japan has a huge market on horse racing games, but it's really hard to find them if they exist  Does any of you have a good horse racing game to suggest?  Thanks in advance
[titan quest, diablo 2]	So, lately, I've been stuck in gaming. I've played through a lot of my games and have enjoyed most of them, but I have not had a serious amount of enjoyment and that glued-to-the-screen feeling I used to have. The game that truly invoked this feeling was Diablo 3 (never played the second one) and I loved it. Something about leveling up, using abilities from a huge pool. I personally would have wished that there were more point based things like Strength, Constitution, Dexterity etc. etc. I know that the Fallout series will be recommended and as I did like it, I've played it to all end. Another mechanic to this is a level-up system.  TL;DR: Want a very gamey game, lots of stats, lots of stuff to do.
[lol]	So let's get down to business. When I was younger, I used to play a lot of Nintendo games, like pokemon and mario, but I never actually beat a pokemon game (even now, I'm 17) because they would just get boring and I'd move on to a different game by that point. The games that I've really liked have been: Star Wars: Battlefront 2, Super Mario 64 and Sunshine, Super Smash Bros Melee through 3DS, Metroid Prime Hunters (probably one of my favorites), Call of Duty MW2 and MW3, and now League of Legends which I've spent the most time on. As you can see, the list is very small. I've played quite a few games, but I never beat them and I always move on right away after feeling bored. So now, I'm here to ask you guys, how can I find myself enjoying more games that have a story, rather than just repetitive multiplayer? And, what games do you recommend I try? Preferably PC or 3DS, I just got a new gaming computer (hence why I want to try some new games). I like the concept of storyline games, but I just don't get into them like I can get into a book or something.
[edge of space, minecraft]	I'm kinda out of the game loop, and I'm looking for a xmas present for my 12yo nephew. I know he likes building games like Minecraft and Terraria (he plays both). I wonder if anyone can suggest a good game (windows).  We are talking about commercial propriety games, since handing over some freeware is kinda like cheating :-)  Otherwise I'm pretty open. Let me hear whats out there.  Edit: he does not have Steam, so it has to be a packaged game.  Edit II: he is not really into shooter games, but likes construction/puzzle games.
[back to the future, adventure games]	I was hoping to get some gaming suggestions for my mom since she's been getting pretty bored of playing the same things all the time. **Keep in mind that her computer is really really weak** and can only just handle the games I listed. She gets some noticeable slowdown in bejeweled, and occasionally in plants vs zombies, but it's manageable.  Anyway, some more information on her preferences:  * Her absolute *favorite* game seemed to be Plants vs zombies. She's put hundred of hours into that.  * She also really enjoyed "Escape from Rosecliff Island" but she knows where everything is now. I have no experience with this genre so I don't know what would be considered good ones to try. I think they're called hidden-object games.  * Her third favorite is Solitaire (and Faerie solitaire)  * She has zero interest in platformers (or "running and jumping a lot games" as she calls them)  Most of the rest she seems to just throw in to break up the monotony.   We're on a budget so games that give a lot of bang for your buck are appreciated. Thank you!
[fallout new vegas, fallout 3, fuck you]	I've always been a fan of grind-y, collect-y games, with lots of things to find, or bars to fill, or characters to level up, etc.  Basically, I'm a hardcore completionist.   Sandbox games like Minecraft don't hold my attention for very long, because I get in and I'm like, "Okay. What now?" but I really like games like Banjo-Kazooie, Crackdown, Fez, even the flag collection side mission in the original Assassin's Creed. And Dissidia: Final Fantasy kept me hooked for *months* trying to level up every character and master every ability.  So, now I'm out of things like that to play, and my inner collector is going stir crazy. Does anyone know some games on Steam (Because all I have is a PC right now) that are in a similar vein? I want to collect things. A lot of things. I don't want to be locked out of certain collectibles or bits of story or what-have-you based on my choices (So Mass Effect, etc.) but something like the old Spyro the Dragon games, or Crash Bandicoot (You can tell I grew up with a Playstation, can't you?)  Any help is appreciated. Thanks.
[alpha protocol, mass effect]	Hi,  So I have the house for myself this weekend, I need something to save me from boredom. PC, looking for an engaging action / fps / race / openworld type of games. I dont mind AAA titles, even if they are not incredibly cheap at the moment (though on-sale is better, must save some money for the xmas steam sale). Yeah kind of bummed I didnt get Stick of Truth last week.  Ideas?  Also, I have quite many games, so I might decline many offers here, but your advice is still very much appreciated even if I decline :)  Cheers  NF
[dungeon siege, diablo]	I've been playing some Torchlight 2 lately just because. And while it's a fun game, it's a very lonely game. Diablo is the same. You go through everything all by yourself all the time! It stinks. Unless you have friends, but that's not the same.  And, yeah, you have a pet in Torchlight. And you have followers in Diablo. But they totally suck. Diablo's followers are super gimped versions of you. They can only hold a quarter of the equipment that you can, and they have almost no skills to choose from. If they weren't there, you probably wouldn't notice.  So, are there any games where I can have like 3-4 people all at once? 3-4 people that *all* kick ass. And you still have to get random loot for them, and they all have a whole bunch of skills and things to choose from, and still retains that awesome hack-and-slash Diablo feel?   The only thing I can think of is Krater... But that game kinda sucked. I also don't need to control all the characters at the same time (like Krater), it was a neat idea, but I'm totally fine with just one at a time. That makes more sense to me anyway
[dark souls]	Hi!  I've been craving a good RPG where I can pick a preset class or develop my own class to fit my play style. I've played Skyrim and Oblivion, where I enjoyed being a stealth-mage, and I enjoy games with magic and things of that nature.  My PC is not super powerful, just a laptop I use for school. It's got a video card but nothing super fancy, so nothing too taxing on the computer.  I don't mind having to shell out a few bucks, I plan on buying myself a gift for completing finals without dying (it's my first college semester), and getting something I can enjoy over the Christmas break.  Don't really mind what perspective the game is in (1st person, etc.).  Thanks in advance!
[rise of the triad, shadow warrior, rott]	I'm talking about the style of FPS which was popular in the mid-to-late 90's, with discrete maze-like levels and secrets, where you need to find keys/solve puzzles to progress. Often features over-the-top violence. I'm thinking of games similar to Doom, Doom 2, Duke Nukem 3D, Blood, Shadow Warrior, Dark Forces, but with modern production design and graphics. I don't like many modern FPS conventions such as corridor level design, regenerating health, 2-weapon limits, etc. Do people still make games like that?
[animal crossing, gamecube, gamecube, gamecube, gamecube, wii u, wii u, wii u, wii u]	Tragic circumstances have made me into a legal guardian, and these little girls love playing my Wii U. So far I have Mario Kart 8 and Super Mario 3d World, which they love(the 4 year old just goes in circles in kart, its hilarious) I also have harvest moon on the console, but its a little too complicated for them, I also have the super mario U or whatever, the 2d one, but they don't like that one much. I don't want these kids to be in front of the console all the time, but they love games too much for me to tell them no, and I'm just looking for any suggestions I can get.  Consoles are   Wii U  Wii (with no wii-motes)   gamecube (still don't know if it works, havent had a chance to test it)   a gameboy color (changed batteries and it worked, not sure where the games are yet)   and an NES (which may be missing cables)   There may be an N64 somewhere, but their previous house is such a disaster zone I still havent found it.
[blood and guts]	I am terrified of horror games and afraid of being on camera so I am trying to fix that. I recently (yesterday) recorded myself trying to play Dungeon Nightmares as my first real horror game. That did not go well. So now I am looking for suggestions on some less scary games to start out with in a attempt to work up to the really scary stuff.  Also, before anyone asks, the video of me getting scared out of playing Dungeon Nightmares is on my youtube channel but I am not really trying to advertise it yet. However, if you do want to see it then let me know and I'll share the link.
[wasteland 2]	Here's kind of a tough one. I'm on a bit of a post-apocalyptic kick lately and I'm looking for more games to try out, and hopefully get hooked on.  I've played pretty much all of the popular ones from Fallout and the  series to DayZ and Rust, etc.   What I'm really looking for is something more like a Post-Apocalypse Roleplay or survival type thing. A very good example of this, and a game I love is Cataclysm Dark Days Ahead. I'm looking for something like this with a heavy preference on multiplayer, and better yet Roleplay. I want to live in the world with others, make tough decisions and survive. I want to create stories.   Project Zomboid offers what I'm looking for in terms of survival and whatnot, but it just doesn't do it for me in terms of the roleplay. That said, if anyone knows games similar to this that I've missed let me know.  Two of the main things I've been looking for with no success (but in my mind would be perfect) are: MUDs with at least some people online most of the time, or a sweet San Andreas Multiplayer Roleplay Server dedicated to this theme and whatnot. Like I said, I've searched a bit with no luck but things like these are hard to find.   Noteworthy game that I have not tried but could be convinced to buy is 7 Days to Die. I think I'd enjoy the gameplay, but I dislike the server situation and how you can easily be abused by admins and have to search for a good server before you can enjoy yourself. Had this problem with Rust.  Anyways all help appreciated! I know it's a toughie but I'm hoping a gem or two will pop up. Thanks.      
[jackbox party pack, castle crashers, magicka , trine 2 , pick up]	Looking to play a game with some friends in another state, so I'd like a game we can play together on PC after the kids are asleep. **Terraria** has been the most successful game we have played together. (We like it better than Minecraft) We'd like something cooperative, but some competitive games are good. No overly violent games or super time-sinks like MMOs, please.  Other games we have played together:  * Dungeon Defenders (got boring) * Mario Kart * Dominion (online version of the card game) * Project: Zomboid * BattleBlock Theater (co-op is only 2 players; vs. doesn't do well with 3)
[assassin's creed, rome: total war, total war 2, this game, far cry 3, same game, far cry 4, far cry 4, far cry 4]	So I finally got a code for my new GTX 970 (Australian...) to give me a free game.  I can choose Farcry 4, AssCreed Unity, or The Crew.  I don't want Unity, the trouble I've heard about seems too annoying to deal with, plus I haven't played an Asscreed game since the 2nd one on xbox.  So its between FC4 or the Crew. I loved Forza when I had a console. I just finished Farcry 3 a few weeks ago (I couldn't play it on my previous PC) and enjoyed it too.  Im open to either but can't pick. Any advice is appreciated.  EDIT: Went with FC4.
[aoe, aoe]	So, basically, I saw a video of this guy playing a game on YouTube a while ago, and I became fascinated with the game.   The guy started with a little group of adventurers, they had basic spears and bows &amp; arrows, shit like that. He clicked the ground, moved the mouse over the group to select them, and clicked on another part of the ground to make them move there. Parts of the ground/map were fogged over, like you'd see in the Civilization games.  Eventually, his little group of people came across a deer, or some kind of animal. He selected his group, selected the animal, and made them hunt it.   As time went on he was able to build/start his own little base/village thing. He was able to cut down trees and harvest materials to construct buildings, he was able to hunt animals for food and clothing, etc. If I remember correctly, the more buildings he made, the more his population increased - so he was able to do more things.   Like I said, it was like a mix of Banished, Civilization, and Might &amp; magic Heroes, but it wasn't any of them..  Any suggestions or ideas on what this game could be? Sorry if this makes no sense to anyone.. I could have very well been drunk or high and imagined it all..  
[star wars galaxies, path of exile]	Hello, I'm looking for a PC game, preferably offline/singleplayer, but it doesn't have to be, where the player has some sort of a hideout, from which he goes into the world. The hideout would be upgradeable, be it cosmetic, or providing upgrades. I really liked **Rogue Legacy** in this aspect, but I would like something more... personal? Thanks   Edit: Also, I remember playing a game on my friend's DS called **Drawn to Life**, and it uses a similar, village building mechanic, so if there is something like that on PC, that would be cool too
[portal 2, nidhogg]	I have two Xbox 360 controllers, a futon, PC, and an awesome girlfriend that adores playing games with me.  The problem? Finding games to play!  Readers of GamingSuggestions, please help us and suggest something we can play together!   We would prefer something with any semblance of a story. *Not interested in FPS games.  Games we've tried, in order of best to worst:   ~~~~~Child of Light (She loves it, I play Ignatius..)  ~~~~Never Alone (Visually pleasing)  ~~~~Southpark Stick of Truth (Not coop but a lot of fun together)  ~~Kingdom Crashers (Gameplay fine, story not engaging)  ~~Hero Siege (Bugged to hell)  ~Devil's Dare (Too difficult)  Thanks!  EDIT:  Thank you for the suggestions so far!  My girlfriend just got here in we'll be trying some of these games tonight.  I'll follow up with you guys!
[starpoint gemini 2, freelancer]	Hi all,  So I got an itch and I'm hopin you can help me scratch it.  I really want to play an open (non-linear), space exploration, RPG with maybe a dash of strategy on the PC.  Something along the lines of an Elder Scrolls game in space with better combat (in ship or out of ship) or a more sandbox-y Mass Effect.  It would also be super cool if you got to interact with other factions/races in ways other than lasers to the face.  Double extra bonus points for being really atmospheric.  Looked at Starpoint Gemini 2 on Steam and it seems intriguing, but I get mixed feelings from the reviews.  Any other suggestions?
[sushi cat]	So I was on the L train and I saw this guy playing a game on his Samsung phone. The game looked so bugged out. First off, the game is in black and white. In the game, you like tap the face of a cat repeatedly and some kind of balls of stuff come out which help you defeat monsters at the bottom of the screen. But also, if you like scroll down there are like different levels which you can maybe play with, that part looked like a tower building game.   I realize this sounds like it makes no sense, but maybe someone will know? Oh, and I didn't ask him because the guy was so enthralled in his game, I didn't want to interrupt him! Thanks! 
[portal 2]	Hello, I'm looking for good co-op games I can play with my girl friend. She does have some experience with games, though not much. She's played things like Mario (specifically Super Mario 3), Katamari Damacy, Okami, and Left 4 Dead... but that's about it. She owns an Xbox360 and a WII.  So far the best ideas I've come up with are the Lego games; we started playing Lego Starwars The Complete Saga, and she's been enjoying that. But are there any other semi-casual co-op games that we might enjoy playing together?
[max payne 3, metal gear, dmc]	I loved playing the newest Tomb Raider game. The story kept me entertained and the gameplay was fun. I DO NOT however, enjoy the roaming aspect of the game (trying to find all the artifacts, etc). I'm looking for more games similar to Tomb Raider; something with a good story and fun gameplay. What I do not want is open world games like Skyrim.   Any suggestions?  Edit: I think the term to describe the type of game in looking for in linear. I don't want to get distracted by side quests.   Edit: I have a PC only, by the way. 
[psychonauts, psychonauts, xbox 360, gamecube, kami]	I'm shopping for Christmas presents and I don't know where else to turn. My sister is into gaming, but doesn't have many games of her own. She enjoys playing from my library, but this Christmas I'd like to get her something that fits her own interests.   She tends to like JRPGs and other fantasy-style games. She likes customizing her character and designing her armor/outfits. She tried Skyrim but I think she felt it was too violent for her tastes. She likes fantasy action and adventure, as well as "pretty" graphics and atmosphere. Her computer can run most games decently but isn't top-of-the-line.     Games she likes:   * Bravely Default (3DS)   * Dragon Quest IX: Sentinels of the Starry Sky (DS)  * Kingdom Hearts (all of them)   * Legend of Zelda (all of them)   * RIFT (her mmo of choice)  I am extremely grateful for any advice that will help me get my sister something she'll enjoy! Thanks in advance for your help :)
[shadowrun returns, dragon's dogma, baldur's gate, wasteland 2, the witcher]	New here, but loved the look of this subreddit.  Okay, so I love Fallout and TES, and was wondering if anyone could name games where you are just put into a new world with absolutely nothing, having to explore and make your way in the world. Price is no issue, PC exclusively please. A freedom to do whatever the fuck you feel like doing-- non-linear. Graphics are no issue, just as long as the UI is fine, I have no problem.   Also, on a side-note, having an awesome modding community for the game would be amazing-- not a necessity though.   Literally any setting is fine!  Games I have played that sort of fit into this:  * TES and Fallout (duh)  * Fable (I, II, III)  * Mass Effect (sort of fits into this, I think)  * Dragon Age: Origins  * Minecraft (didn't enjoy it)  All suggestions are welcome! Thank you!
[planetside 2, this game, soe]	I want to pick up a game to be more social but all the games I've run across I've either not enjoyed or are too costly.  1) EVE Online - Didn't enjoy it too much and with the monthly payment it didn't seem worth it.  2) WoW - Seems too costly to get all up now, from my understanding to have full world access and expreiences I would need to buy all the games ( which is many ) and pay a monthly fee ( which I haven't looked into how much that is ) so it also didn't seem worth my time.  3) Diablo and Path of Exile seem fun but I just don't see clans on there often and even then the runs are scarce. Plus after awhile of the same thing ( literally same levels, monsters, abilities ) it does get boring  4) Starcraft - while fun the clans have dwindled and the servers aren't nearly as populated.  5) League of Legends / DOTA - Also fun with friends it just doesn't give itself away to clans, mostly small groups of which many people already know each other.  This is how I personally feel about the above and am looking for suggestions. What do you guys think?
[shadowrun: dragonfall]	This is one of my favorite genres, but I don't know of many titles with these kind of game mechanics. I'd prefer something newer with updated graphics.   I checked out front mission: evolved but its an action game now!  Games I'd group together with what I'm looking for are:  Fire emblem, front mission up to evolved, advanced wars, war hammer 40k squad Command, valkyria chronicles (haven't tried it yet though but know about it), etc.  Key things are turn based, field/unit movement, weapon/unit choice/customization.  Thanks for any tips!
[guild wars 2]	My sister has, as of late, turned into mini-me, complete with reading the Harry Potter books on her own, and loving  Lil' Sis Ever!) She was always into Webkins, but after I left for college she  outgrew it in favor of Animal Jam. The issue here is that I want my Sis to enjoy gaming the "right" way, and what that entails right now is a general avoidance on Freemium games. She loves the "dress-up cute animals and have a Fashion Party"-esque games, with mini-arcade games on the side so you can earn points to buy stuff.   TL,DR: I need a Single-purchase online game where my Sis can play a Webkins-esque game with costumes and fashion contests that does not require any extra purchases after the initial.
[okami]	Hey there! I was wondering if you guys could give me some good suggestions of games to buy this holiday season.   My sister loves pc games, particularly fantasy ones. Even though she really likes things like skyrim, she has a soft spot for games with that more colorful, whimsical feel. When she was younger, some of the first games she played were those old EA Harry Potter games, and things like twilight princess. Twilight princess is one of my absolute favorite games, because of the beautiful scenery and amazing soundtrack (not to mention all those cinematic cut scenes). She's also a fan of the Hayao Miyazaki films - but not anime in general. She specifically liked twilight princess because it was less anime-ish than other Japanese games, as are a lot of Hayao Miyazaki films.   Anyways, what are some pc games with that sort of whimsical, legend of Zelda-esque fantasy feel? I know it's a tall order, because those games were so good.   Suggestions? 
[might and magic: clash of heroes, critter crunch, magical drop, food chain]	TL;DR He played the crap out of Zuma and PvZ, and also likes strategy and wordplay.  Hey all,  My dad is not at all a hardcore gamer (although he might have been in the arcade days). But he does get reeeaaaallly into the games he likes, probably playing at least an hour every weeknight after work. He played Zuma's Revenge on the xBox for a year (he stopped when he beat it, then started up the next month with some sort of additional challenge). He's been playing Plants vs. Zombies for about 6 months now, and is checking out some of the alternate modes. He mentioned interest in other tower defense games, but preferably something not too serious. He tried Peggle and was unimpressed.  I'm mainly basing my decision on those two games, but he likes straightforward-but-difficult strategy games such as chess, as well as word games. He plays Scrabble online on and off.  I'd appreciate any suggestions you have, even if you're not sure they fit. Thanks!
[final fantasy tactics, fire emblem, playstation, ffta2]	I would like a game sort of like something from the Fire Emblem series. I've have all of the main games from Pokemon, and I'm a fan of the Harvest Moon and Rune Factory series. I have already have Elder Scrolls 3-5 and all of the Mass Effect games. I don't own it, but Class of Heroes look really appealing.  To give a better idea of what I'm looking for, I want to be able to customize myself (and preferably a team member or ~~ten~~ two of mine). I like the possibility of building a character/team. One thing I really liked about FE:Awakening was that you could pick and choose not only who you wanted to bring into battle but their skills, class, weapons, love interest, etc. This sort of thing is why I like Pokemon and Harvest Moon, but I'm interested in something new.   The only consoles that I don't own are ps3, ps4, and wii u, so I'd appreciate suggestions for those consoles be left out :)
[dragon quest monsters, shin megami tensei, monster rancher, dragon quest v, digimon world, jade cocoon, out there]	Sorry that I'm doing multiple, I have no idea if that's allowed. I'll try to give as much information as I can.  Superhero Game - I was a huge fan of City of Heroes, mostly the character creator. I know of DCUO and CO, but they don't really click for me. Are there any other superhero games that have a good character creator and decent gameplay? MMO not required, any genre is fine.  Monster Raising Simulation - Are there any current games in this genre? Last minute gift for girlfriend. She was a huge fan of the Monster Rancher series, as well as the Chao Garden from Sonic Adventure 2 Battle. Looks like Monster Rancher DS was one of the last in that series, and we have it.  First Person Shooter - Little brother is the biggest Halo fan I know, and I want to get him a FPS similar to it. Older FPS' are fine. He's not a fan of realistic ones. I already got him Marathon and he loves it.  Ideas?
[the stanley parable, the talos principle, kentucky route zero, ether one]	I've been on FPSs, RPGs, Stealth-action, and everything in between those types of games. However, I'm looking for something different again.  Some of the biggest games that have stuck with me over the years are ones that were strange, sometimes thought-provoking, and atmospheric. The most prominent game that fits this category for me is Antichamber. It's abstract and ethereal. It has whacky Portal-like puzzles but has hints of life advice every now and then.  Another game that kinda gave me this feeling was Braid. It was incredibly meaningful for me, especially seeing it through the end.  It doesn't HAVE to be meaningful, but I definitely want something out of the ordinary. I have my eyes on Jazzpunk, Vanishing of Ethan Carter, and Dream (early access). Something along those lines I suppose.  Thanks!
[borderlands 2, borderlands 2]	I'm looking for a game where you grind the content for gear over and over and/or crafting mats so that you can then craft better gear.  **Warframe** is the perfect example of what I'm looking for more of.  **Maplestory** looks like the absolute perfect game that I'm looking for but I can't run in a resolution bigger than like 1200x800 and it has horrible performance(**Steam Version**)       **I have already played:**    - All Diablo's   - WoW   - Warframe   - Marvel Heroes   - PoE   - Torchlight's   - Grim Dawn           I would prefer non-MMO's because their grinds are a little more boring where as in more action-oriented games, the grind is a lot more fun and focused.  
[star wars: knights of the old republic, dragon age: origins, jade empire, mass effect, xbox]	I'm looking for an RPG for a console that doesn't feel "lonely." What I mean by this is that basically Ico and the parts of FFXIII where you were in Pulse were my worst nightmares because even though you had a companion, the world was just so devoid of life except for enemies. I played Persona 4 because I know it had a lot of Visual Novel elements and you build social links with NPCs, however, I didn't enjoy it that much because of the parts where you go into the TV world that is devoid of human life except your party. I enjoy the Legend of Zelda series, but hate the fact that most of the games take place after some calamity has already stricken and there are not too many NPCs that are welcoming to  the dungeons, being dungeons, are just long periods of loneliness. Call me a scaredy-cat, but basically, I want there to be people around that I actually care about saving, and I want to be able to see them intermittently so I know I'm not in this game world alone!   This may sound silly, as the point of a game is to do things you can't do in real life and there are such things as life-simulation games that might be able to offer a solution to this "loneliness," but I like the fighting elements of RPGs too sometimes!   I think some examples of games that exemplify what I'm looking for are maybe the elder scrolls series and even pokemon, since there are people in villages and along the routes. Paper Mario for the N64 also had villages in almost every area you went.   Is there anything else like that that people would recommend? Also, it doesn't have to have phenomenal gameplay or graphics or anything like that. I'm more of a person who's in it for the story than for the challenge.  As for which console, I don't think I'm very limited. I'm lucky enough to have accumulated a pretty wide variety of consoles... So anything for the last two generations of the PS and Xbox, PS2, PSP, pretty much the entire Nintendo family (NES, SNES, all the handhelds, N64, GameCube, Wii/Wii U) and the Sega Genesis.  Thanks so much in advance guys!
[civilization 5]	I've been out of the loop for a while and I am looking to put my new PC to use after spending so much damn money on it, other than playing Titanfall all the time. I'm looking for good quality single player campaign games, specifically shooters. I don't have time with my schedule for MMOs or RPGs. The Last of Us got my interest but sadly no PC version. I really enjoyed Crysis 1 and Warhead years ago but recently playing Crysis 2 seriously let me down. I have huge boner for eye candy though so graphically intensive games are a plus.
[the stanley parable]	Hi all,    My wife has recently expressed interest in PC games.  We've played EQII together, and she has been playing it on her own, but she's grown bored with it.  When I set her up with Alice: The Madness Returns, she loved the visuals, but couldn't manage the controls.  It turns out, she was using the mouse controls in EQII to move (which explains a couple of wipes we experienced.)    So, I'm looking for an easier game, with a slower pace with appealing visuals.  She seems most attracted to fantasy-type games, but that can be flexible. 
[rollercoaster, break down]	**Requirements:**  * No chance/luck involved * Steady learning curve ( doesn't require lots of manual reading all at once) * No trial-and-error involved ( Nethack) * Player is aware of everything necessary to decide on the optimal course of action (unlike, say, the base management aspect of XCOM: Enemy Unknown) * Doesn't require a huge time investment to achieve anything substantial ( Master of Orion) * Steady difficulty curve, and starts off at an accessible difficulty level * Provides a consistent level of challenge, or at least remains interesting during *brief* periods of downtime (unlike, say, Monster Hunter Freedom Unite) * Doesn't require suspension of disbelief ( Uncharted series, or any other game where the player's character is effectively super-human and can survive a ridiculous number of bullet wounds) * No grinding * Provides a high enough level of challenge for all players * Any AI's (such as those competing against the player) must be believable and human-like (unlike Worms Reloaded) * Doesn't cause players to regret missing out on new gameplay due to branching storylines, hidden pathways, etc. * Players don't suffer the negative consequences of bad decisions more than roughly 20 minutes after making them * Consequences of bad decisions don't ruin gameplay or hang over the player * Doesn't require or allow memorization of levels to advance ( many shmups, NES/SNES-era Super Mario games, Mega Man, etc.) * Centered around engaging gameplay mechanics (I gave up on Planescape: Torment after the first 2 hours due to all the dull pointing and clicking). * Not filled with lengthy cutscenes or lots of dialog to read through * Not filled with graphic violence and lots of up-close killing, although something like Dota 2 I could probably handle * Not about fulfilling players' ego-fantasies ( Grand Theft Auto series) * Not about competing against other people  **Other Preferences:**  * Likable/relatable characters * Any story and characterization is done to a high standard of realism, depth, etc. ( no token hot females) * Not about super-precise timing or quick reactions ( something turn-based would be preferable) * Gameplay is justified fully through the story and characterization (no pointless filler quests, etc.) * No sudden change ups in gameplay to add variety ( Alien: Isolation)  My favourite game used to be Counter Strike , but now I'm looking for something less competitive and time-consuming. I tend to seek out the "classics", and I think this has served me well, as I have great memories playing games such as Star Control 2, the original XCOM: Enemy Unknown, Defender and Final Fantasy Tactics. I quit gaming for a few years, but have been trying to get back into it over the past 6 months, playing games such as Prison Architect Alpha , Worms: Reloaded, Bionic Commando, Nethack, and Wipeout Pulse. As you might have guessed, I'm not averse to using emulators when the need arises, so I'm not going to ask you to narrow down your recommendations to any platform. I'm familiar with most modern games, but if any I haven't heard of are suggested that look good enough, I wouldn't rule out buying a console to play them.  My own guess on what to try next is the original Starcraft or Total Annihilation, as I've had many dozens of hours of fun with Age of Empires 2.  Cheers!  Edit: Please limit your suggestions to computer games, not board games, or software versions of board games. Also, I'm generally not into pre-90's games, or completely abstract games like Tetrisphere.
[an awesome game, counter strike, card game]	I'm exasperated.  Recently I've been playing Morrowind constantly and I still didn't manage to get very far into the game. It's great for a bunch of things, but it's so boring. Fetch this, fetch that. I spent more time designing a character than I did playing.  I played KOTOR but the same thing happened. Eventually it just became a chore.  Mass Effect, Fallout... same deal.  I'm thinking I should move away from RPGs.  Age of Empires, Mount and Blade... I sunk hours into those, but gave up when things got too complicated or boring, and other strategy games I've played didn't hold much appeal. I really don't want to have to think so technically when I'm playing a game.  Seriously, I would appreciate some help. These games that I'm playing are driving me insane, because the concepts hook me but then the experience disappoints, and by the time I realize I've already sunk hours into the game.  I like swords, philosophical/esoteric themes, moral/diplomatic decisions, eastern themes, medieval western themes and I can tolerate a bit of magic as long as it's interesting.  I'm looking for something low-end, preferably, that isn't too technically complicated and that I'd find interesting as hell. Things like customization are a bonus. I'm starting to wonder if games in general just aren't for me, but I want to try to branch out before I hang up my mouse.  Other games I've enjoyed thoroughly are: Minecraft online, Counter-Strike online, Halo 3 online, Tenchu, Dynasty Warriors and Final Fantasy X. To clarify, I like games that make me thing, but not in a technical way.  Any suggestions would be much appreciated!
[star wars galaxies]	For the past two weeks I've lost all interest in playing games, I'll start something up and usually exit it within 10 minutes. I'll play a game or two of League of Legends a day but that's about as much gaming as I've been doing.   I'm looking for a new RPG to play, I really like open world. I love the TES series, STALKER, and Fallout. Kingdoms of Amalur interested me a lot but I didn't get to play it much while I had it. The game doesn't have to be open world but it's a big plus. I also like games where you can do things besides just combat, like skill-wise. I'm open to try anything, thanks.  Edit: I'd also like to keep it relatively new, nothing with extremely dated graphics/mechanics. I'm not disinclined to try older games so long as they play well.
[superman 64]	I really like flight sims but the realistic complexity of them drive me away. I haven't tried many of them so let me know which one will fit me best. I hate pushing buttons and doing so much tedious crap I just want to soar above the clouds and reach a destination or dogfight or drive a cargo plane or something awesome.    I am gaming exclusively from my laptop. I plan on getting a controller soon so that's useful but I also don't mind the ol' keyboard + mouse combo. No joystick though.   For a reference point, google earth has a flight sim mode that you can fly which is simple and I really like but there's literally nothing else to it. No cool engine sounds, no piloty things to do like talk on the radio to some sweet dame.   I really liked crimson skies and freelancer too (though that's not a flight sim) so maybe something arcadey and simple and fun. Would be cool to be story driven too.  
[warframe]	Destiny piques my interest, but I keep hearing all of these terrible reviews and such from people.  I'm an avid single-player gamer who does multi-player or co-op sometimes (don't have PS4 yet, have PS3).   I love a good story, but I also enjoy mindless fun.  If this game isn't good for what I'd want, could you suggest another, either a SP with good multiplayer or an MMO that would still feel somewhat familiar to me, coming from SP.   Edit: other than PS3, I have a gaming PC and the Wii. Still have to buy a new console. Thanks! -Ashley :)
[euro truck simulator 2, kerbal space program, the sims]	Like the title says, I have an autistic (non-severe; both a blessing and a curse) brother who greatly enjoys video games but has difficulty being able to play and communicate his love of games in a healthy manner. He really loves shooters but the way he sometimes talks about them disturbs a lot of people who don't fully understand games or his condition; he'll get really into talking about it but with his lack of social understanding and other people's paranoia, he ends up coming off as a school-shooting waiting to happen. He'd never do such a thing but people don't know that and he's gotten into trouble for it before.  My parents are resistant to getting him therapy but in the meantime, I've been trying to steer his passion in a less violent and gun-heavy direction. Unfortunately, he really likes shooters but can't really understand why my family (myself included) are against him playing them.  The non-shooter games he's enjoyed are Minecraft, Zelda games, and Age of Empires. He owns an Xbox 360, a Wii, and a pretty good PC. A a general rule of thumb, I'm trying to avoid M-rated games and overly RPG-like games. MOBAs are out of the question because I play, let him try, and he decided he didn't like them.  I'm currently considering Bastion as an option but I wanted to see if there are any other recs since I'm not entirely sure if he would like it.   UPDATE: Thank you so much for the suggestions everybody! Got him Bastion and both Orcs Must Die. I cannot express my appreciation deep enough. My family has had a pretty tough year and this is the least I could do for my brother. Once you've hit bottom though, the only way left to go is up so we're working on having a good 2015!
[world of warcraft, my friends, no escape, tera, tera]	My friends and I have played league of legends for a couple years. We basically hate the game but we're pretty much addicted. We've tried other games but we pretty much always go back to league.   This is some stuff we've tried and liked, but just stopped playing for whatever reason:   * Payday 2  * Minecraft  * Terraria  * 7 Days to Die  * Team Fortress 2  * Borderlands 1+2  * Natural Selection 2  * Space Engineers  * Rust  * Neverwinter  * Hammerwatch  Also, please no other MOBAs, we've pretty much tried them all and didn't like them for one reason or another.  Thank you in advance
[splinter cell black list, dragon age inquisition, sniper elite 3, tomb raider, ac2]	So imo The Last of Us was fucking amazing. It was immersive, easy to learn how to play, the story was pretty damn incredible, it was visually striking and it had zombies (or something like zombies), aka it was the whole package. That being said, I need a similar game (with or w/o zombies) to keep myself busy. Any recommendations out there?   For reference I'm currently playing GTA 5 and although entertaining to an extent it just seems like its lacking something. I also recently played Assassin's Creed 2 and also really liked it.   So please reddit, hmu with a suggestion! (Please not an obvious one like ACBF or ACU) Thanks!
[out there]	I'm building a pc for the first time, and will have a dedicated graphics card for the first time ever. I would like a game thats fun, has action, maybe makes me think tactically while I fight, and has good graphics to celebrate my new pc. I would like to get it on steam, and hopefully for cheap during the sale. The pc has burned almost all of my funds (I am going to love this GPU and CPU haha).   Here are my favorite games on steam that I already own, just to give an idea of what I like, in order of most hours played:  The elder scrolls series (my favorite of all time)  The GTA series  Insurgency  Team fortress 2  Call of duty 2  Counterstrike series (I suck at this one)  Fable: the lost chapters   Divine Cybermancy  Dark Messiah of might and magic   Thank you. Make any recommendations I might be interested it, and I can look into them, and watch their price during the sale.  Edit: I prefer games to be in first person.
[factorio]	I really enjoy playing games like Minecraft and Don't Starve, where you start off with basically nothing and have to create everything. The only issue I have with them, and the thing that usually makes me get bored and stop playing, is that most of the time you can't automate anything. Okay, with Minecraft you sort of can, with mods, but the thing about Minecraft is that you don't even "need" to do that because the survival aspects of that game are kind of a joke. Anyway, I want a survival-ey sort of game where over time I can build my own systems for automating things. Like in the beginning I have a tiny farm that I have to harvest by hand, but later on I can build something that is much more efficient. Or at first I need to defend my base with just my sword/gun/whatever, but later on I can build turrets and traps and robots and things. A major part of the game should be that I HAVE to create more efficient things because the threats/dangers in the game have escalated and I need more/better resources. Does this even exist? Any ideas? 
[shadow of the colossus]	I'm looking for actions RPGs with combat that doesn't feel like I'm flinging my sword around at a million miles an hour -- something in the vein of Monster Hunter or Dark Souls.  I've played all of MH and all three Souls games, and I like taking down big bosses and how every time I hit something, it feels really satisfying. I'm tempted to check out Lords of the Fallen, but it's been getting average to below average reviews. My computer can handle just about anything, but suggestions for anything before current gen consoles would also be alright.   Large bosses, open worlds, and tons of loot are all pluses.
[goat simulator]	Hello everyone. I've been gaming with my kids but lately the issue I've had is that the games I want to play with them are a little too hard for their age range (4 and 9), and what interest one doesn't quite interest the other. For instance I have the Lego Movie game and while the youngest loves it, the oldest is absolutely bored of it and we've tried Lego Batman 2 but it is so challenging that neither of them are interested anymore even though they both love Batman. I started playing castle crashers with them but the youngest doesn't care for it because its too hard for him and I've considered breaking out the emulators but outside of the N64 emu, they're all only two player. I'm looking for suggestions for games that might be accessible for both my youngest and oldest. The only thing is the games must have controller support because I have a few ps3 controllers connect via bluetooth using xinput wrapper for ds3. Thank you in advanced.
[baldur's gate, mass effect, shadowrun, be good]	I'm a bit new to the genre, so I thought I'd try Skyrim since it's one of the most popular. Really, I'm a bit bored. Part of it is just me, I'm intimidated by wide open spaces in video games. At the same time, though, the bar at the top telling me which direction everything is in really breaks immersion for me. I'm sure I could patch that out with a mod, though.  There's also the common complaint that the combat is lacking, and I think I'd easily agree with that. Is there another WRPG that would serve as a good introduction, or if I don't like Skyrim would WRPGs just not be for me?
[mass effect]	I've been playing some COD and Battlefield campaigns and started to realize just how scripted they've been getting. In Battlefield 4, every nonsquad NPC that you see will sit there and not really help in the fight, and once its over, they either all die or just sit there as you move on.  Is there an FPS single player campaign out there where it really shows you fighting as part of a unit with a bunch of NPC allies fighting alongside you in a nonscripted manner? It doesn't have to be too big, but something like 8v8 or more. The AI doesn't even have to be good, but I would at least like to see them actually do damage to the enemy. COD 4 at least gave the illusion of big fights with respawning allies and enemies and a map that showed where everyone was.   I prefer more arcade shooters. I know that you can probably do this in ARMA, but I would rather be able to see the action up close and not die immediately.  Thanks!
[dark souls]	I Just played Mass effect two for the first time since 2013 and I already passed the game 3 times I love it and I am getting part 1 and 3 tomorrow, In the mean time I want to know if you have any suggestions for other RPGs besides fallout and elder scrolls. I want a game that -Lets me create my own character (Optional) -Great story like Mass effect -Deep character progression  -Love story (Optional, I loved the romance option in ME2 I romance tali) -Long story (ME was great but I beat it in a little over 24 hours) -PC games are welcome  -Lots of content besides the main story (In ME once I do the last mission there's not much to do which is why I restarted the game 3 times) 
[dwarf fortress, unreal world]	I don't like general HP. I would like to see spectacular combat, where every limb has it's own health, preferably with a disability system and maybe dismemberment.   I played:   - Kenshi, but still too alpha for me.  - Toribash was pretty good at this, something like that but in a singleplayer world and a bit less micromanagement would be cool.  - Fallout 3, but somehow the consequences seemed to shallow. Apart from the ringing in your ears or slower walk speed after your limbs are hurt (just shoot up a stimpack lol!), I ended up shooting my enemies in the head all the time because it did the most damage.  Anyway, still, I would be pleased if you gave me some suggestions!
[thief 2]	Thief II: The Metal Age felt like the perfect game to me. It was immersing, it felt well paced, and it posed a challenge while still making the game a very relaxing experience. The game's mechanics were simple and elegantly implemented, in my opinion. There are really very few games that give me an experience that even comes close to this.   Given what I like about this game, do you have any recommendations? Do you think I would like the sequel, or the newest  Thief game after that? Maybe you have a completely different recommendation? Thanks!
[europa universalis]	My best friend scares me.  While he will happily play stupid shoot-em-ups or rogue-likes with me for hours on end, his true love is games that lets him be a commander of some sort.  And he's good at them. He beats **XCOM** (the original and the remake) on the hardest Ironman difficulty *regularly*. He has more hours in the **Total War** games than I have for all my games combined. I took him on 1v1 in **Men Of War: Assault Squad** once and he toyed with me like a bored tiger trying to test the pain-threshold of a crippled field-mouse.  I'm convinced that, in the improbable even that someone is stupid enough to let him lead an army one day, he will take over the Earth within a week and enslave mankind. (That doesn't make me love him any less!)  From the top of my head, other game series he loves are:  Supreme Commander   Sid Meier's Civilization V   King's Bounty   Brothers in Arms   Two Worlds II   Kingdom Wars   AI War: Fleet Command   Tropico   Sword of the Stars   Anno 2070   Conquest of Elysium   Geneforge   Heroes of Might &amp; Magic   Xenonauts    Can someone suggest a game that I can get him for Christmas that will:   * Blow his mind  * Challenge him in a fun way  * Generally make a great gift  I don't really enjoy those sort of mentally-taxing games, so I'm not really sure what to look for.  Thanks for your help, and happy holidays!  ##EDIT:## Thanks for the suggestions! I went with Europa Universalis IV because it looks right up his alley.
[fairy tale]	I don't entirely know how to describe what I am looking for.   Games like 'The Path' or American McGee's Alice &amp; madness returns.     These games because of the atmosphere, but not really the gameplay: Dark souls, 'Soul Reaver' series.       Movies that have elements of this: City of lost children, Pan's labyrinth, Tim Burton movies, but less 'goofy', Labyrinth, Coraline, Lemony snickets, series of unfortunate events.    Stuff with a mix of real and unreal.  Like I said I don't have a clear picture of what I want.    
[my friends]	So my friends and I are looking for a new game to play. We play a lot of games together, but one problem is that there's always a huge disparity in skill level. As an example, we all play Hearthstone but the skill level varies far too much. I hit legend last month while some friends barely have any cards and are low ranked. We want to find something that we can enjoy on an equal footing.  With that in mind, here's the criteria I have:  * Online multiplayer, preferably 8+ players at once. * PC game * Some sort of ranking system * Ability to play the game online without friends (aka not something like Minecraft) * No need to invest money after initial purchase * Not a time sink (aka not an MMO or that sort of thing) * Preferred if there's a Mac client (but not a necessity)  Steam seems like the most likely candidate for a distributor.  Thanks
[dark souls]	Basically I'm looking for a game with good melee combat - specifically with weapons (sword, axe, etc.), not with fists.  I'd like the combat and weapons to feel weighty, similar to something like Monster Hunter, where each weapon type feels different, and I'd also like the combat to have some depth (different types of attacks, counters, parrying, etc.), and preferably not just button mashing/using the same combos over and over as this is what often makes me a bit tired of Monster Hunter.  I'd also the hits on an opponent feel like they impact quite nicely (minimal weapon 'clipping'/going through models, if at all possible). It sounds a bit abstract, I know - but I'm hoping you guys might have some ideas.  An added bonus would be a good range of weapon types and customization (even if only cosmetic), again a la Monster Hunter.  Singleplayer modes are necessary too; I don't mind games with a multiplayer element or focus but I prefer my own company to anyone else's, plus being alone gives me the chance to practice and get better at the game.  As for the setting (location and opponents) - I'm not too fussed. Anything will satisfy me, be it medieval, fantasy, or whatever.  I'd prefer the game to be on PC, but I am open to other platforms.  TL;DR - A MH combat-style game with slightly better combat and in another setting, preferably on PC.  *(To add -  I've had a look at Blade Symphony and it seems a bit too arcade-y for me, but if you guys recommend it enough I'll give it a shot.)*
[red dead redemption, the walking dead]	Ever since I played this game, nothing else comes close. I find myself bored and wanting more from other games now.  Its not the genre but the characters and the immersive effect the game has. I felt very attached to the characters and was actually so scared and on edge during some moments that I would opt to sneak or sprint through an area to avoid the fight (usually I want to explore and gather everything in the game). Dying actually made me squirm a bit on the inside.  Any other games out there with a strong story, solid characters, etc?   I have a PS3 and PS4 (and a macbook pro retina that can only handle so much).  Thanks!
[within a deep forest, knytt stories, racing games, racing games, mario kart, out there, f-zero, psx]	I'm setting up a computer for a lady who lives with her four grandchildren, two twin girls and two twin boys, around the age of 10. The kids keep downloading virus-ridden "free" games, so I was hoping to install a number of safe options for them. One of the boys loves everything fast and dangerous, one is obsessed with going to church. One of the girls is a super girly girl and the other is a tomboy.  **What are some decent free PC games for kids around age 10?**   - Racing games have been specifically requested, but other genres are definitely welcome, I'd love this post to be useful for others as well  - The computer does NOT have a dedicated graphics card. I couldn't get Nitronic Rush to run. It does have 4GB RAM, though.  - The games need to be downloadable, not flash or on a website  - No games that require a client like Steam or Origin. (yeah this is the hard part, I know)
[worms revolution, minecraft]	My two nephews aged 10 and 12 are coing to stay with us for a few days and I know they would like to sample some of my collection of PC games. The trouble is I know from past experience that they don't really enjoy many of the games I play. They both have pretty short attention spans so strategy games and complex RPGs are probably out. Platformers and third person action are probably fine but a lot of those are Mature rated. Similarly shooters. Any suggestions would be appreciated. I have a lot of games in my library and I wouldn't balk at buying something that wasn't too expensive. 
[minecraft]	they're around 12, and i'd venture to say that they're near gaming-illiterate.   i want to find them a gateway game to shift them away from the gender-role games like food making games that they play (but not even the good ones, the facebook style ones).    i cant think of any game simple enough to introduce them to, or with low hardware requirement since they obviously dont have their own gaming pc or console.    also, i wanna stay away from cookiecutter mobile games.    ***   requirements:    * web or linux friendly   * not mobile   * very low pc requirements    helpful:    * accessible to young girls not yet well versed in games   * not dependent on heavy story or text (ie: not needing to learn and understand the story to progress)      ***    some ideas:   * puzzle games   * simple platformers   * easy adventure games ( with a presentation that may appeal to girls new to gaming ) 
[garry's mod, pick up]	Assassins creed a bit less so, but I remember playing it for the first time it was introduced and thought 'wow nobody has made this before', and I'm looking for multiplayer experiences like that.   I'm not looking for clones of these experiences, I want newer experiences, something really far out there, oh and preferably something that at least has a few thousand players in terms of community (Town of Salem has about 3-5k active but 15 players at a time)  So don't recommend things like Rust or HZ1Z or spy party, because even though they're at least not generic, they're just clones of these really neat games I've already played (spy party less so, but it has an AC vibe to me).
[soul calibur, tekken]	**TL;DR**: Played a porn game, am now looking for a fighting game to play  So... Well... I just played FairyWar2, a (NSFW!) erotic hentai fighting game, which you can find on [this blog](http://   I got drawn to the game for the fetish content of course, but I was surprised how much I actually liked the mechanics. It's not really a high quality / high polish game, but I was more drawn to the fighting itself. And that's pretty much how I discovered I would like to play more of the genre!   I saw some videos, but I never played any fighting game, except for some old iOS title, Blades of Fury (also quite bad, but still enjoyable at the time). I love the special moves and powers of the different characters and I really liked story mode and unlocking things. So, where do I start, guys? I know of names like Street Fighter or Mortal Kombat but I don't know if I will like their aesthetic or particular universe, I consider myself more of a fantasy person, but I'm also willing to try new things! 
[wasteland 2, fallout 3, fallout 3, fallout 2]	I've had the gaming blues for a while.  I have a decent PC game collection on Steam and I'm looking for a new game to play (not necessarilly "new", but rather different than most games I've seen on the market as of late).    I love Fallout 3.  I liked New Vegas.  I'd love to play another game with that sort of theme and feel.  It doesn't have to be FPS, but I would like it to be an RPG.    I've heard of Wasteland 2, but I just don't know if it is worth the $30 to pick it up on Steam.  Is it that good of a game?  Does it get the wasteland wandering feel right?    Some of my other favorite games are Jagged Alliance 2, Metro Last Light, Skyrim Terraria, and Bioshock (the whole series).  I like post-apocalyptic, but it doesn't necessarily have to be post-apocalyptic.  It just has to play well and be on PC.    I just don't know where to look or what to look at.  Thanks for any help.  
[final fantasy, ni no kuni]	My girlfriend has been wanting to get into more games as she really enjoys some, and really likes the look of others, but so far we have really struggled to find games she will stick with.  At the moment, she really enjoys the bioshock and Portal series, and also Zelda games on the 2DS. Previously she has really enjoyed games like Spyro, and also really enjoyed Dark Souls but found it too challenging for her, saying she knew what to do just couldn't get her hands to do it :P  We were just hoping that somebody with more knowledge than me can offer some ideas to help her enjoy gaming more. She generally likes puzzle games, especially humourous ones like Portal. She also really likes a good story and a game where she can wander around aimlessly, but doesn't really like shooters or level grinders, and also games that are fairly challenging. She generally prefers easy to grasp games.  Any ideas or suggestions would be really helpful thanks :) 
[space engineers, mass effect, minecraft]	So I'm playing the Mass Effect series and for some reason find the planetary mining kind of fun -- for the uninitiated, you basically scan a planet from orbit, find places on it rich in minerals, and then strip the planet of them, leaving the planet an emptied, shriveled up Capri Sun pouch as you go on your merry intergalactic way.  For what it's worth... I never really played the RTS genre. I heard resource gathering is a component of that, but I'm not sure if I'm looking for a battle game per se. I'm looking for something that has a focus on the resource collecting, but I guess I would be open to any game where it plays a part.
[xenoblade chronicles , dragon quest, rogue galaxy, dark cloud 2, ni no kuni, wii u]	I loved Ni No Kuni and am looking for something similar. Preferably WiiU, PS4, or PC games.   Specifically, I'm looking for a RPG or JRPG that's relatively open but also has a great story. Even more specifically, an RPG or JRPG with an explorable world, where you can visit different towns, level up, buy or trade in shops, etc.    I'm familiar with the following games already:  Dark Souls and Demon Souls  Fable  Dragon Age  Zelda (not Rpg but has the exploration elements I love and am looking for)   Elder Scrolls  Fallout  Final Fantasy  Witcher  Mass Effect  Ni No Kuni   All of these are the major games, are there any good lesser known ones?  Any help would be greatly appreciated!
[diablo 3]	I know a person who've lived their whole lives not playing any games including board games, computer games and arcade games (like claw machines and bumper cars). The only games that they've played ever in their life is baccarat and black jack at the casino, candy crush and solitaire.  I've tried to introduce them to simple platformers like Thomas was alone and they struggle with jumping and timing. Tried to teach them the basics of fighting games, gives up after failing to do a hadoken on ryu after 5 minutes. Puzzle games that require a minor amount of thought, like puzzle bots. Struggles with it. Fps games are uncomfortable because of the weird camera angle. Hidden object games give them claustrophobia. Any sort of violent game? Immediately dislike. Racing games that I've had mild success on is sonic racing, although transformed is too difficult with flying and boating.  Also they have a very annoying habit of being extremely disinterested in the first 10 seconds of the intro to the point that I've gotten extremely pissed off at them for basing an entire game around a cut scene and saying that it's not something they are interested in. It doesn't only apply to video games but movies, TV series, music and books. If the first 5 minute sof a movie/tv series doesn't interest them, they aren't going to watch it anymore. First 30 seconds of a song doesn't have catchy lyrics? Change the song. First page of a book isn't exciting? Not reading it. As a result, they have no hobbies and somewhat a loner. Spends all day shopping, browsing Facebook or chatting with family and a handful of friends.  The only successful game I've gotten them to like is Peggle and only a tiny bit of sonic all star racing.  Games I've tried  Mario party 7  Super Street fighter 4 arcade edition  Lego batman  Puzzle bots  Peggle (and nights)  Sonic allstar racing (and transformed)  Team fortress 2  Counter strike source  Portal  Bejeweled 3 (hates this compared to candy crush)  La noire  Tomb raider  Audio surf  Castle of illusion  Crayon physics deluxe  Dive kick  Insanaquarium
[red orchestra]	Hello,  I am looking for an online game (PC or console) that allows you to feel like a component in the larger victory. In the shooter MAG in PS3, players were divided into smaller platoons/squads, and each had distinct objectives for that group to complete. Once a group completes their objective, they were allowed to proceed or assist other groups with their objective.  Games that I've already tried:   Planetside 2- even when taking a region, there was no clearly defined win-state after completing the objective because of the size of the map  BRINK- I believe each class had their own objectives set for them in 16v16 online. I liked the game but it had issues in its mechanics  Battlefield 3/4- Although large-scale at 32v32, the objectives were not distinct between each group to achieve victory. In most cases, it was a matter of which point was captured in Conquest. A line of snipers/medics/front line didn't do it for me, either.  Toontown Online: In each of the four Cog bosses at their HQs, the group of 8 toons could split off into different jobs, like offense/support, to take down the boss. This was cool, but I'd like something with an even larger scale  
[heroes of the storm, awesomenauts]	So I've played LoL a bit (I'm really only good with Heimy - good being relative), and I thought I could branch out a bit.  Over the last week or so I've tried the following, but none have really stuck:  Smite - love Vulcan and the different game modes. Other than LoL, this is my top. Lots of types of matches, good set of champs. Main issue is the long wait times (relatively) - I get 4-5 min waits before I get a match.  Also: I'm not a 12 year old, I don't need every woman to be boob-busting nipplepoppers.   Strife - it was a very "meh" experience for me. I liked the pet aspect a lot, but it was cartoony, and it feels really easy to pick a toon that is extremely gimped. There are others that feel overwhelmingly OP. Infinite Crisis - Has been ok, but there aren't a whole lot of hero options so far. I like playing in the DCU, but it still feels a bit generic. This is another one where the wait times are a bit on the long side.  DOTA2 - oy. I am so far out of my depth - it's fun, and I would love to keep playing it, but I don't have the hours to put into it right now to even begin to climb the learning curve.  Heroes of Newerth - got a mouse glitch that took m forever to resolve. By then I gave up and uninstalled.  I think that's the gambit of what I've tried. Are there any hidden gems that I've missed? Or is this pretty much the top-of-the-line?  Thank you in advance!
[this war of mine, gone home, turn off, bioshock]	Hello Reddit ,   after browsing the /r/truegaming i had some thoughts about the gaming genre. After playing too much games , i realized one thing. I don't want anymore to just "play" a game and then leave it , erase from memory. I want , or rather i need  , games that break your mind and soul and leave their mark inside you. We need games that go beyond the standard definition of what a pc game is , games that are simply revolutionary. Games that change your life and make you a better person , with much more imagination and &lt;insert your missing trait of life&gt;. Games that you will remember after 20 years , not forgotten in your vast but truly empty steam library.   A representative game , for me, is **Bioshock Infinite** ( please no hate here, just expressing my personal opinion). I remember when i first saw it , it did look like a plain game , i might say , even a boring one. But boy, i was so wrong. When i finished it ( played it without a break the whole day) i was  i was not sure who i was anymore. My carefully constructed whole world just collapsed in front of me. I was looking at the credits and wondering , jumping from one thought to another , what was i playing the whole day. Because i never thought of it as just a game at all after this fateful evening.    Columbia was beautiful but it was nothing compared against the beauty , metaphorically and literally, of Elizabeth. I mean , i didn't care about anyone in all the games i have played before as much i cared for her.  For me , she was alive, even for that distant evening . When i played the Paris scene in the DLC , it broke my heart, because i knew it wasn't real  and how much it meant to her. And i don't want to talk about the ending. I don't want it to be spoiled by some random dude on a forum talking about his fuc**** feelings he thought he had just because he is lonely. Feel it for yourself and then say a prayer for  and his terrific team. Right now , everyone who has not played this game yet, stop reading these worlds and go play it. Would you kindly do it for me? Anyway , i wont talk about her anymore , it is  past the example now.*Sigh*  I could go on and on until half life 3 would be announced , but hopefully you get my point. So today i started to write with a goal in my mind. My fellow redditors , i ask you, what other game has made you feel in a same way? A game that scared your heart. I don't care about genres , dates etc. I only ask to be a PC game. Feel free to say any game you like , like the fate of the world hangs in the balance. Also looking into the feature, is there any site/reviewer that we can rely on to find such games , such work of arts?  That is all for now. Thank you my dear Reddittors , and what is dead my never die.  **Edit**: If you could spread/repost this thread to other related subreddits , i would b extremely happy. Lets make it to the front page boys and girls.  **Edit2**: Journey , to the moon and brothers are the top suggestion. Although i will research every game in your comments. Lets continue.   
[strategy games, civilization v, break it]	The last game which did this for me was a Mafia esque game where I started out as a small time person but eventually turned into a total crime lord as I gained territory and had money flow like beer in a pub on new years.  Before that, GTA:VC was a fantastic scratch for this itch where the final mission consisted of taking out a crime lord, loosing many associates, and in the end getting his mansion.  The Mass Effect series ending kind of satisfied this knowing the entire living universe rested on my shoulders.  So, any suggestions, preferably with a worthwhile story?
[deus ex]	I'm talking about games that give you options. Fallout 3 is the only game I've played that really exemplifies what I'm asking so I'll use it as an example.  I tend to not play games, at least open world ones, that seriously. My experience with Fallout 3 can be broken into 3 distinct scenarios. First, skulking in the shadows avoiding detection until I know what I'm dealing with. Second, identifying something as an enemy I can handle and slicing away at it with a shishkebab. Finally planting bottlecapmines everywhere for enemies to wander into, then blasting anything that survives to kingdom come with nukagrenades.  I'm just looking for games that would allow me the option, if I so wish, to turn the world into a Michael Bay movie while at the same time allowing for swordplay/more serious methods.   The only games I've played that even come close to this are Fallout 3 and terraria (surprisingly). I kind of expect other Bethesda rpgs to offer this type of choice, but I want to know if their are any others out there.  Thanks in advance! 
[scribblenauts unlimited, farming simulator, animal crossing, animal crossing, harvest moon, minecraft]	I used to have a Nintendo 3DS, but I really wish I didn't sell it because I used to enjoy playing Animal Crossing. I've played Wild World, City Folk, and New Leaf. I find these games much more amusing than first person shooters and puzzle games. Does anyone have any reccomendations for relaxing games, similar to Animal Crossing, which can be played on PC? (Or even Android). For those of you who ask a similar question: try A Kingdom For Keflings and A World For Keflings. Not really like Animal Crossing, but certainly relaxing and can be played on PC. I think there's also an XBOX version, possibly PS3. Thanks (in advance) for replies!
[alien: isolation]	Hello /r/gamingsuggestions! I just recently got a PS4 and was wondering what games you would recommend for me to buy to build my library. Before PS4, I had an Xbox and I really enjoyed games like Metro, Bioshock (all of them), Singularity, Spec Ops: The Line, etc. I also enjoy platformers (I prefer 3D, but there doesn't seem to be too many on PS4), and horror games (Dead Space, Amensia for PC, etc). I am open to any and all suggestions!  I currently own: Shadow of Mordor The Last of Us Remastered COD Advanced Warfare Battlefield 4 Wolfenstein The New Order GTA V  Thank you for your suggestions!
[path of exile]	So I've been wasting time with various f2p games lately, some good and some bad and I thought I'd ask here to see if anyone had any suggestions.  What I'm looking for :   *Actually* free to play. Not a free trial, or pay-to-win, or even pay-to-not-waste-your-time.  Turn based, or at least slow enough that I don't have to devote 100% of my attention to it constantly. Being able to alt-tab away or watch a video on the side is a plus here. That said, it should be something I *can* put all of my attention on, not something I come back to check every 5 minutes.  No arbitrary time/turn limits. Games like Kingdom of Loathing are interesting, but I don't want to have to stop because the game has decided I've had enough today. Even if the limit is big enough you can play for hours, just knowing it exists gets to me and makes it hard to get into the game.  No "daily" quest type mechanics. I'm probably the odd man out but I hate this sort of thing. I want to play on my own terms, and whenever I want whether that's once a day or once a week. If I feel like I'm 'missing out' on something if I don't play a little every day the game tends to start to feel like a chore pretty quickly.  Some sort of progression mechanic with a reasonable pace. RPG-style leveling, collecting loot/gear, whatever.  Should be something I can play pretty much alone. It's fine if the game involves other players but I shouldn't need to group with other players to complete content.  Examples of games I've tried(and what made me stop playing them) :  Hearthstone. No link because ffs it's a Blizzard game just Google it. Fun to play, slow enough that I don't feel pressured but fast enough that I don't get bored. The only problem is that if you won't/can't drop cash on cards you'll pretty much be stuck with one deck for a long time. The dailies have the problem I listed above, in that if I only want to play an hour or two on the weekends I feel like I've 'lost' gold because I didn't clear my quests every few days.  Drakor. http:// Seems like it could be fun. Still in beta so subject to change. Combat system seemed very interesting. *But*, in the maybe two hours I played I was constantly running into minor irritations with solutions hidden behind paywalls. Not enough crafting reagent space, can't "repair all", only one character allowed and you can't change them at all without paying. Minor things, but annoying enough to drive me away.  Improbable Island :  Wasn't a fan of the combat system, appeared to have a sort of turn/time limit, though it was softer than I usually saw in these sorts of games.  Conquest of Champions : Through Steam. Interesting premise, but the gather/protect resource mechanic sounded like a hassle. Anything similar to this but without the mining aspect would be really interesting.  Crown of Conquest : http:// Battle system seemed interesting, but character recovery seems to be based on real time? Per-day turn limit? Plus it got old wandering around looking for fights I could actually survive.  Card Hunter.   one's actually a pretty good example of what I'm looking for, though it does have the 'quests refresh daily' thing that annoys me so much. There's plenty of quests that you don't feel pressured to buy more, the gameplay is very solid, it can be played completely solo, and aside from quests the main thing to buy is cosmetics. There's certainly more grind involved for a f2p player, but so far I haven't found it frustrating, and new gear is common enough even for a f2p player that I regularly find new ways to improve my deck. I do find that the gameplay itself feels a little too luck-based at times, but that's not a 'f2p' player exclusive so much as how the game is designed.  Incrementals in general(Cookie Clicker, Save the Earth, etc) : Interesting to spend 15 minutes on sometimes but they don't really feel like 'games' so much as 'time wasters'.  These aren't the only ones I've tried in the past week or two, but they're the ones freshest in my mind. Sorry for the really long post but thought it was better to give a good idea of what I'm looking for, and what I'm not looking for.  Any ideas?
[divinity: original sin, tales of graces f]	I have this girl who is quite possibly the biggest Hetalia fan ever, to the point where she purchased RPG Maker for the sole-purpose of creating her own HetaOni style game. I bought her "To the Moon" for Christmas, and she really loves the RPG/JRPG genre, so I want a game that we can enjoy together.   What I really want is a game with a lot of Decisions/options, both in the main storyline and character customization, that would make the game a joint effort, but I'm completely open to any suggestions so long as they would be enjoyable to play as a couple.  I basically want a Tabletop RPG/Text-based adventure that has been put into a Classic RPG/JRPG format. Ideally, I'd want a game that is basically 2D Skyrim: an open-world exploration game where you can choose from the get-go whether you want to take on the main storyline, take on some emotional side-quests, or just explore the world.
[this game, this game]	Hey all,  As the title states, I've never been too thrilled with games that involve mostly stealth and hiding. I am usually pretty bad at it, probably because I don't have the patience and just wanna shoot shit, and I don't normally find it too entertaining. Based on the small amount of stuff I've read/seen on this game, it seems to be largely based on it. Is it actually mostly sneaking, or are those parts of the game just being talked about more than others? Also, maybe the game has been designed in such a way that I may finally enjoy a game of this genre? I loved the Alien movies, and I was really excited to try this game, but I haven't been able to convince myself to install it yet. It also looks pretty visually appealing. What do you guys think? Should I give it a try, or skip it? Thanks!
[spider-man: shattered dimensions, shadow of mordor, frontal assault, the last of us]	Hey All,  I got some gift card money for the holidays and am inevitably going to use it all on video games. I'm not a crazy gamer, there are a lot of older games that I could probably squeeze in at relatively low cost that would be good choices, so I'm turning to you guys to help me figure out what I should buy for PS3.  I have a strange rule about this though - no gun games. To make my wife happy - any games focused on (specifically) gunfire and murder (whether it's war or GTA stuff) are a no go. This is sort of a half made up concept since I will play games like Mass Effect where the killing is mostly alien and scifi - but certainly nothing realistic with guns. Sword games are ok, I've played all AC games and have no problem with those.  Typically, I can get through most games if the story is good.  **Games I've recently played and liked**: Uncharteds, basically all AC games (though I hate Black Flag), Infamous, ME Trilogy, Arkham Asylum, and Skyrim. I have no desire for the crafting and the depth Skyrim and some other games provide, but I can get away with ignoring them in most cases so it's ok.  **Games that I have in the queue**: Infamous 2, the first 2 Dragon Age games, Arkham City, and Skyrim is back on the list.  **Games I historically like**: Used to love Zelda games and am not sure if something like this exists on PS3. I got big time enjoyment out of Dynasty Warriors 4 back on PS2 in college. Finally, I went through a heavy RPG phase on SNES - Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasies, Dragon Warriors etc, but it's been a long time since I've played those, and am not sure I'm ready to go back to turn based combat.  Seriously - please fire away, I hoping you can help me with as many suggestions as possible - Thanks in advance!  **Games I'm looking at so far**:  Shadow of Mordor, Amalur, Darksiders, Enslaved, Dishonored, Dynasty Warriors 8
[theatrhythm final fantasy: curtain call, kingdom hearts 3d: dream drop distance, phoenix wright: ace attorney trilogy, super smash bros. for nintendo 3ds , final fantasy x|x-2 hd remaster, etrian odyssey untold, monster hunter 3, rayman legends, child of light, soul sacrifice, fire emblem, xeodrifter , kid icarus, this game, blazblue, metroid, lumines, kirby]	I got some gift cards for Christmas and am looking for a new handheld game.  Here is what I've played and liked for 3DS.  * **Bravely Default** * **Etrian Odyssey IV: Legends of the Titan** * **Fire Emblem Awakening**  * **Persona Q** * **Shin Megami Tensei IV**  * **Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Survivor Overclocked** * **The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds** * **The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D**  Here is what I've played and liked for Vita.  * **Persona 4 Golden** * **FINAL FANTASY X** * **Conception II: Children of the Seven Stars**  I unusually don't have trouble finding a new game but I seem to be coming up empty.  I don't really want a DS or PSP game right now.  I prefer Turn-based combat but will play other types.  Thanks for any suggestions.
[self control]	Hello guys.  I recently complemented my 240gb SSD with a 1TB hard drive, now I can have more than 4 or 5 games installed!   What games do you guys recommend for some quick playtime, or to play while doing something else (watching a movie/series, listening to podcasts).  I curently have on my PC:  * The Escapists * Prison Architect * This War Of Mine * Doorkickers * Papers, please! * Hearthstone  What are some fun games that can be played without much commitment and for both long/short gaming sessions?  Thank you!
[lords of the fallen, dark souls, darksiders]	I am looking for an action game where I can play as a knight/paladin/sword &amp; board type of character. It cannot be isometric ARPG because the combat isn't satisfying enough.   I also have another nitpick. The armor and weapon in the game has to look nice and not generic. I personally detest the style in Dark Souls/LoTR/the Witcher. I am hoping for something shinier and less gritty.      Games I have already tried and beaten/passed:   - Kingdom of Amular   - Dark Souls   - Dragon Age Inquisition (warrior class)   - Vindictus   - Guild Wars 2 (the Guardian looks nice but the shield is so out of my play style)
[the binding of isaac]	I am a bit silly when it comes to indie games, for the most part, I never trust people's recommendations. Then, I eventually get to them, and they are just SO good.  Examples:  **Binding of Isaac**. I thought it looked like a lazy flash game and it was total zelda-rip off crap. Obviously, I was wrong.  **Super Meat Boy**. Again, similar opinions except I thought the humor was horrible (you're a piece of meat) AND that the game didn't look very good. Again, I was extremely wrong. It's one of my favorite platformers.  **Limbo**. It looked dull, and I didn't see why a sidescrolling "atmospheric" game could be that good, guess what? I was wrong.  **FTL**. Looked like cheap garbage to me. I thought people were riding the developers **** because it took place in space and had a star trekiness to it. I was extremely wrong, FTL is one of my favorite games of all-time.  **Super Hexagon**. People praised the soundtrack, and difficulty. I thought it looked like a lazy game that had no good qualities other than that. To be fair, my opinion of it was right, but damn is it good.  **Hotline Miami** same as above.  **Papers, Please** same as above.  **The Stanley Parable** same as above.  **Braid**, **Bastion**, **Terraria**, **ittle dew**, **Amnesia**, **Trine 2** were really the only indie games that I KNEW would be good.   *The only indie games I actually truly hated so far were that game where it turns out you're a lesbian, and the ****Five Night's at Freddies*** *games. I absolutely hated both of them, and I truly don't see why they got so much praise.*  So I'm looking for games that aren't listed above, and that have been unanimously praised. I haven't played an indie game for a long time now (i dunno which of the ones above are newest, but whichever one it is, is the last indie game I played).
[break in, pick up, dota 2, bots, tf2]	Hi,  This is my first time in this sub.  First off, I have fully read the rules, and I would like to quote:  &gt;Don't bash what people want suggestions on - just point them in the right direction and be helpful. Everyone asking a question just wants advice.  Moving on, I apologize that if this is a bit taboo.   I am looking for a new (new to me) game where tradeable in-game items, or game accounts as whole can be traded/sold for real money.  Let me back up.  I've been a fan of MMO's and in the past have sold my accounts for cash, but for the time spent on them and game fees, it really wasn't worth it.  I just liked playing then game and cashing out for real money at the end is a nice option if you're quitting the game, but it's nothing you can keep doing every day to continually keep turning a profit.  Recently I started playing a football game on my phone where lots of people sell the in-game coins for real-world cash.   I did okay there, well good actually, like $500 a week, but am looking to move on to something else.  A lot of my methods are using macro software to buy/sell for me in the auction house or farming 'things' for me while I'm sleeping.  That is usually my main money maker.   I used to be PC only, but now can do this on mobile/android games as well.  I am looking for a game where it doesn't take an incredible amount of time to get 'okay' at the game so I have the opportunity to make good money selling items/currency/etc without having to spend months building up my account to that point first.      It's even better if the game is free, but if the game were interesting, I might be interested in purchasing it.  It usually doesn't matter if the game has any kind of cheat protection; I have an old school method which has worked well over the years.  Further more the game still needs to be fun to me.   Since I don't want to come off as someone just begging for money or tips to make money I will offer this:  If someone gets me hooked a game where I start making real money off it it, I'll split with you the profit from my first sale, or $25 USD (whatever is higher; I've sold some in-game items for around $200, so we might end up splitting that).  One game I was maybe looking more into is Second Life, but I'm afraid it's been around so long that I'm probably way behind the curve on that one and honestly it seems a bit weird.    Any suggestions?
[shin megami tensei iv]	As far as systems with current and upcoming games go, I have a PlayStation 3, PlayStation TV, and PC. However, I'm also thinking of picking up a Nintendo 3DS (well, 2DS actually. I don't care for the 3D effect and I'd rather save money.) While my current systems have me covered with most games, I still enjoy Japanese games alot more and I kinda miss handheld gaming. Sure I can play on my iPhone, but I prefer buttons and not draining the same battery that powers up my actual phone. Not only that, I used to play a DS but I don't have it anymore and there are some games I never got around to playing (though I was fortunate enough to play The World Ends With You).  Anyway, I'm a fan of action and role-playing games, but I can accept various genres so long as there's pretty good aesthetics and story to go with it. Rhythm games are good too.  **Current 3DS games I want...**  * Persona Q * Bravely Default * Phoenix Wright Dual Destinies * Animal Crossing: New Leaf * Etrian Odyssey (I'm not sure which one to play though) * Kingdom Hearts: Dream Drop Distance * Any of the Professor Layton games * Fire Emblem Awakening  **Upcoming 3DS games I'm interested in...**  * Monster Hunter 4 * Final Fantasy Explorers * Bravely Second  **DS games I want**  * Flower, Sun, and Rain * 9 Persons, 9 Doors, 9 Hours * Final Fantasy Tactics A2  What do you guys I suggest keep my eye on while I save up for a new handheld?
[legend of dragoon]	I've been playing through FF 13 again. I know that I have, or at least had 13-2 somewhere here in my house, because I bought it shortly after it came out and haven't played it, but I'm not finding it anywhere. I suspect that a friend borrowed it without asking, or my toddler picked it up and put it in her room.  The logical step after replaying FF13 is to play 13-2 and then Lightning's Return. My fiancee wants me to buy Legend of Dragoon, which I very vaguely remember being fun, from my childhood.  I've got $30 on my PSN and I try to beat a game before buying a new one. Which one of these would you guys recommend? If neither, I'm open to suggestions, especially RPGs.
[alpha protocol, mass effect]	I'm looking for:  * Excellent character creation and customization   * Dialogue trees   * Ability to alter major events and/or outcome of the game  * Fun and diverse combat options (More like Skyrim, less like Dragon Age)  * Not turn based   * Decent Graphics  I own an Xbox One, 360, and a 3DS  I've played a majority of the obvious games that come to mind which is why I have so much trouble finding anything. A short list of games I played would be: Skyrim, Dragon Age: Inquisition, Fallout 3 and NV, Borderlands 1 and 2, Dishonored, etc.  Any suggestions are appreciated and I'll add games that I've played as I'm reminded of them. Thank you!  ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________  More games I've played:  * Dark Souls 1 and 2  * Mass Effect Series
[city builder, sim city 4, this game, fix it]	OS: Windows 7 Home Premium 64-bit SP1  CPU: AMD Athlon II X2 250  Ram:  Dual-Channel DDR2 @ 401MHz  Graphics: 256MB NVIDIA GeForce 6150SE nForce 430   _______________________________  I'm into pretty much everything, I don't play many racing or strategy games, but I enjoy city builders (ex. something like [Banished](http:// I play mostly fps and rpg's, a good story is always nice but not a necessity.   A couple quick favorites, Morrowind, Fable: The Lost Chapters, GTA: III, Vice City, and SA, NEO Scavenger, Project Zomboid.... uuuh can't really think of any more right now, so i guess I'll just [link to my steam page](http:// for a little extra info.
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r.]	I played through Far Cry 3 [and own 2, need to get around to actually playing it], and it made me realize how damn good open-world FPS can be. (I tend to ignore the FPS genre aside from weird games like BRINK and RAGE)  I'm looking for open-world, not hub-based (Tomb Raider was hub-based, for example), with a decent amount of side content to promote exploration.  As mentioned, i've played Far Cry 3, have Far Cry 2, and can't think of any others.  Edit: I've also played Borderlands 1 and 2, STALKER Prequel, Fallout 3 and New Vegas
[planescape: torment, shin megami tensei, neverwinter nights, baldur's gate, vagrant story, shadow tower, king's field, jade empire ]	dark fantasy is probably my favorite genre of fiction. i think the mixture of horror and fantasy is extremely effective in many ways, as it manages to horrify you while also often weaving a more complex and emotional story than pure horror tales with more fleshed out characters, giving you a larger emotional investment. I guess I can give some examples of videogames in this category I've enjoyed to better steer recommendations:  - Dark Souls quickly became my favorite RPG this gen and skyrocketed its way into my top favorite games of all time because of its challenging methodical gameplay, melancholy atmosphere, minimal storytelling, and of course its amazing fantasy art direction. to me it's pretty much the standard as far as the more medieval-centric games of the genre are concerned.   - Though the combat itself was only passable and the story was quite flawed, I really enjoyed the Lords of Shadow games as guilty pleasures because of their art direction and amazing soundtracks. in a way i almost feel like their art deparment and musicians were a little wasted and would have been more appreciated in a game series that wasn't so divisive.  - This isn't frequently counted as a dark fantasy title, but I really enjoyed Shadow of the Colossus for largely the same reason I enjoy the Souls games.  - Valkyrie Profile has a more colorful, stylized anime look than the aforementioned games but the setting was still unusually melancholic and gritty by JRPG standards. I guess I can be inclusive and still count it.  - Though the gameplay in the Drakengard series is subpar I enjoyed a lot of its story and character ideas, particularly how viciously they satirize, subvert, and deconstruct various anime and JRPG conventions. NieR is actualy one of my favorite games of all time on the merits of its amazing localization, bizarre and unique characters, unforgettable soundtrack and the use of interactivity and new game plus as mechanics to break the barriers between the player and the main character and transform the narrative. i might also be getting dragon's dogma soon (hopefully it turns out to be a good game though based on what i've seen and heard there's little chance I won't enjoy it).  i guess those are good enough examples. the game doesn't necessarily have to be good, I am open to trying out a mixed bag as long as you think the overall experience is worth it. I already know of Soul Sacrifice and the Witcher, the latter is on my list and the former I can't play atm because I don't have a vita.   also most of the games i listed were rpgs or action titles but as i said in the title the genre doesn't really matter. point and click adventure, simulation, visual novels, etc are fair game as long as they have the atmosphere, themes, and proper tone.
[batman arkham asylum, shadow of mordor, action games, darksiders, xbox]	None of my games excite me at the moment. I love MMOs but none of them excite me like they used to. Some of the games I used to play for hours I can only play for minutes. I like the idea of trading in a game and someone suggested Eve for a galactic trading feel, but travelling through space was so boring I wished I could go back in time and kill myself so I never have to experience it again.  So I decided to come here and seek some suggestions that may get me excited for games once again. 1st note. I only have a PC and  3dS, though I can play pretty much anything on my PC.   My Top 3 Games played on steam are:   Crusader Kings 2: 271 Hours  Skyrim: 227 Hours   Lego Harry Potter (seriously?): 23 hours.   My top 5 Favourite games are:  Crusader Kings 2  Star wars the Old Republic  Skyrim  Minecraft  The Elder Scrolls Online  My favourite genres of games are probably RPG, Strategy, Sandbox, MMO   On my 3ds I mainly prefer Pokemon games but I also have smash bros as well.   You've probably gained a lot of insight into what I like by now. I urge you to use this information and find me a game to play and if there is a decent youtuber that plays that game, let me know as well.   Help me Reddit, you're my only hope.  
[planescape torment, off the rails, baldur's gate, icewind dale, jade empire, dark souls, know how]	I'd like to be a problem solving fighter.  I'd like to roam the land, searching for injustice and rooting it out, helping the innocent and defending the weak.  I'd like to serve good rulers and undermine those that rule badly.  Ideally, I'd like to use a sword of some kind, futuristic or not, and preferably not play a game where I totally rely on magic to win.  Also not so keen on it being a stealth based game, but also not on it being a game where I just go up and murder all the guards (unless they're really evil).  I know this is a bit of a vague request, but has anybody got any ideas?  I'm most interested in this 'swashbuckling' main character, someone who is a 'knight in shining armour' in the most romantic sense.  Could be a jedi knight, for example, if there are jedi games like that (I have played Kotor 1 and 2, but not The Old  that like that?).  
[silent hill 2, ether one, this game]	By disorienting and stressful - for example, one of the things I've learned to be disorienting and stressful is when I scuba dive, and twenty meters in someone accidentally kicks my mask off. Sure, it was as I said scary and disorienting, atleast for me, but that feeling of actually risking my life was fun. Hoping there is some game that is immersive enough to atleast give me a close feeling to that.   The thing I want most, though, is a game that simulates a mental illness. Such as schizophrenia. Since it would help immersion, it'd be best if the game also simulated some sort of life. So.. If there are mods for games that do it, I don't mind getting the game and the mod. (for example if there were a Skyrim mod for that..)  I doubt anything could really disturb me since immersion is rarely that good, but it's wroth a shot!  Thanks :)
[red dead redemption]	So I'm power much bedridden right now and a friend offered to rent a game for me to give me something to do. What game would you recommend for me? Only have a 360.   Games I have/played:   Mass Effect Trilogy   Elder Scrolls Series   Dark Souls 1&amp;2   Fallout 3&amp;NV   Halo series   Minecraft   Diabolo 3   Far Cry 3   Dragon Age Origins&amp;2    I'm looking probably more for an RPG I can really get immersed in. I was thinking DA: Inquisition but I'd rather buy that later.   Edit: On second thought, maybe something I don't have to focus too hard to play. Haha I have no idea. I'll take pretty much anything. 
[borderlands 2, be good]	So we've been playing wow for about 6 years and it's starting to get a bit stale. Looking for some new game(s) to play with . I was excited when I saw that dragon age had multiplayer  but it's not the same as the single story.  Just looking for some suggestions on what you guys like.    Earlier I made the mistake of posting to pc gaming and I got diciplined but also got some good suggestions.  Divinity original sin  and Diablo 3. Although we already play Diablo but not to reguregularly the story is quite short.
[dark souls, this game, know how]	So, I'm looking for games similar in a way to Dark Souls, but not in the way that's been asked a billion times. One aspect I really enjoy about the game is that progression isn't only tied to experience/level and you can find good gear for your character at any point during the game. I was trying to think of other games like this, and I can't think of anything too similar. Most games I can think of with similar enough character customization are very level based/grindy and while those can be fun, they're not what I'm looking for. Combat doesn't necessarily have to be similar to Dark Souls, just looking for something with a similar item system/character progression.
[city builder]	Hi gamers, I'm looking for some recommendations of stuff to throw my moms' way. She was way into FarmVille a while back and I just couldn't stand for it, being a gamer myself, so I dropped in my old SimCity3000 CD and put her on it. She actually really enjoyed it and I ended up getting the newest SimCity 2013 for her, which she absolutely loves/is obsessed with. However, she misses the harvesting aspect of FarmVille (she is a gardener IRL).  I pointed her to the Civilization series but it's not exactly what she's looking for. More design, less turn based strategy with warriors.  She isn't interested in playing an older/2D game - she loves the beautiful graphics of SimCity 2013. The best game on the planet would be a 3D cross between SimCity and Lord of the Rings (she really loves high elves) with some sort of crop growing/harvesting element. She doesn't really like any sort of war/conquer/battle elements so that's what turned her off of Civilization. I'm looking at the Anno series right now and I think it might be a great fit but if there are any other ideas out there I'd love to look at them.  Thanks!
[suikoden]	Simple plot that is pretty sad with many plot twists, preferably little or no puzzles, interesting characters, fun and fast combat system. I've also got to say, as weird as it sounds, I'm a sucker for games that involve a main character dying, don't even ask. I honestly do not mind linearity at all. An amazing soundtrack is enough to make me fall in love with a game regardless of anything else. Not keen on silent protagonists unless they have a strong cast behind them  Xillia 2.  To give you an idea of what games I like  Tales of Xillia 1 and 2, Vesperia, Graces f, Final Fantasy X and IX, I guess I also enjoyed XIII but I felt the combat was fairly slow so I didn't hold out in the end  What I've tried recently and don't like: Final Fantasy 7 and 8, Legend of Dragoon (combat felt slow and a bit boring/repetitive), Shin Megami Tensei: Nocturne (this is a weird one, I love the game but it's too hardcore for me), Xenoblade Chronicles (combat was so bloody boring)  I'll add more if I remember anything else.  Please suggest! 
[killing floor]	Hello, I am looking for a game where you can hole yourself up against things such as zombies. Something with the blocking mechanic like in Penumbra and Amnesia.   It would be even better if it is multiplayer where you have to hide with other players. To be specific, what I'm looking for is the warm, cozy feeling that you are safe while there are things that are trying to kill you.  Something like Rust but PvE or Nazi Zombies which hit the spot but the maps are too big. I've tried No more room in Hell, seems promising but didn't feel very indepth. Any suggestion would be helpful!   Oh I forgot to mention something similar to Mount and Blade Siege Mode would be perfect, but on a smaller scale.
[the vanishing of ethan carter, kentucky route zero, dear esther, gone home, myst]	Hello! I've been looking for a game for my mom for AGES. My mom's been really wanting a game to love, and as someone who would love to eventually get into game development, it'd be really nice to show her a game that she can really appreciate.  What she'd really like is:  Exploration She likes looking through the unknown and discovering new things. She likes the exploration in games like Skyrim, Myst, and Endless Ocean  Low Stress She dislikes combat or feeling pressure. She'd really like to go at her own pace She really liked the relaxing feeling of Minecraft and Endless Ocean  Pretty: Clunky graphics really get on her nerves. She also doesn't particularly like looking at gritty, dark, or very pixel-y games. Her eyesight isn't good enough for tiny things. She really liked the look of Skyrim and Myst, and very much enjoys cuteness  Plot: It all feels a bit pointless to her if there's not some kind of goal. As she somewhat sees games beneath other forms of media, I'd really like to show her a game she can appreciate as much as she appreciates books. She'll read pretty much anything, and while gladly will play games with adult themes and content, it needs to have a purpose, rather than just dark for darkness sake.  Puzzle elements:  This is optional, but she likes to work out her brain!  She enjoyed playing World of Goo and Civilization  Since she's a little picky, we've had a lot of not quite perfect tries. Minecraft is too clunky looking for her, Skyrim is too stressful, Myst doesn't have enough direction, and Endless Ocean doesn't have enough plot. We wanted to try Dear Esther, but through a series of events, she ended up getting spoiled for the entire plot. I'm going to see if she likes Katamari Damacy next, though that still isn't 100% what we're looking for. We'd like to try Journey, but we don't have a PS3. Visual Novels might be okay, but I haven't tried any with her.  In our house we have computers, a Wii, and a PS2. Preferably, she'd like a PC title. I wouldn't mind using an emulator though. 
[goat simulator]	For people interested with those kind of games, here is my contribution.  - Morrowind - If you fuck with alchemy and spellmaking, you could be insanely fast or create a spell that kills entire towns.  - Magicka - Just sheer madness and chaos in coop mode is something that has to be experienced.  - [Road Redemption](https:// This game has it all, just watch it.  - [Tactical Intervention Highway mode](https://  - Just Cause 2 multi  - Shivering Isles Oblivion DLC  
[the two towers, mass effect]	The way I like to find out about series and stuff is to play the best one first and then decide if I want to play the others.      What are the best games of the following:      Sly Cooper   Fire Emblem   Thief   Infamous   2D Metroid (Guacamelee?)   Sidescrolling Castlevania   3D Ninja Gaiden   Ratchet and Clank   Paper Mario (TTYD or 64?)   Mario &amp; Luigi (GBA or BiS?)         Also, I keep hearing Mass Effect 2 is really good, but is it good as a standalone or do I need to play 1, then 2, then 3 in order to fully get it?
[giants: citizen kabuto]	Hello. I'm looking for a game i was playing as young kid so i can barely remember what was this game about. Only things i can remember is that we are playing as a woman( she was like blue/light blue colour of skin ), half naked (if i remeber correctly) and she was using a bow. The last is that she was swimmin in dolphin style. And thats it, thats all i can remember. I was trying to search for it, cause i found Legacy of Kain somehow. Ah, its game for PC not for PSX. Come on peoples, i know someone have played this. Help! :D
[diablo 3]	My friend just bought a PS4 and I went with him to pick out a multiplayer game for the two of us to play and we couldn't believe how few options there were.   Anything with at least 2 players allowed to play on the one console would be great. I suppose we would rather a great 2 player game than a mediocre 4 player game, especially since my friend probably doesn't want to buy more controllers without a good reason to.  **EDIT: we do not like sports games ( FIFA, basketball, baseball, football, etc.), other than racing, if that counts**
[fantasy life, fantasy life]	I don't know if something like this exists.   I really want to play a game that has Animal Crossing's vast amount of objects to find/win/buy and put in your house, lets you help your town grow, and that gives you a similar level of customization. I would love to play Animal Crossing itself, but I don't own a 3DS, and even if I did, none of my friends do, and it would be no fun without friends. Also Animal Crossing seems to lack some more interesting things to do than picking fruit and catching bugs (based on what I know about the game).  There is a game called Recettear with interesting mechanics, but it lacks the 'customise your house and show off what you earned' elements.  I'd say I'm looking for something like the Heartfire DLC for Skyrim, but as a standalone game with more options. Or a more rpg-like Animal Crossing. Or Minecraft where you have to find and buy items instead of crafting them. Or 3D Terraria with quests (that one does NOT lack customization). Or any rpg where instead of customizing only your character, you get a house (and preferably also a town) to take care of.  I have a hunch that if something like this exists, it would be a japanese game, but as I said I don't remember hearing about something like this before.
[ghost trick: phantom detective, layton brothers: mystery room, danganronpa]	Hey guys,   I'm looking for iPhone mystery/detective/puzzle games. I loved Device 6 (and I played Ace Attorney and The Room Two) and I'm looking for more. I know it was a unique game so I don't need something else exactly like that. I did greatly enjoy Ace Attorney but I was looking for something slightly more serious. The Room based games were very cool, but a plot would be nice.  The only thing is, I want to stay away from hidden object games. I want to actually solve something or go through a story with somewhat difficult puzzles mixed in.    I am hoping for iPhone games, but if you know of any exceptional ones on steam (or is browser based) feel free to add those.   Thanks!
[payday 2]	I would really appreciate if someone could recommend me a game. I used to raid in world of warcraft and that is the most fun I have played in a game. The teamwork, social, and puzzle-like nature of wows raiding content was great. I also really enjoy FPSs like TF2/Halo and recently got sick of the lack of content in Destiny. I also played the entire FF14 trial and it was alright and I could see that game becoming a lot more fun. I really miss the social aspect of online gaming and a game with a great community would be superb.  I was thinking Eve, FFXIV, or getting back into WoW? I don't know if I would enjoy these games. I just don't know what is all out there. I own a 360, PS4, and PC.   Thanks!
[card game]	I work full time and am working on a double major right now, so I'm usually pretty swamped. Occasionally I do have some time to play though and would like a nice group of friends to play with in a game that is social but can also be enjoyed casually without much commitment.  I used to have a really great and close group in EVE Online and another in World of Tanks, with some crossover between the two, but I just don't have the time or energy to dedicate to those types of games or the way we played like I did back then.   I'm considering picking up GW2 again, but every time I find people to play with it's like they all disappear permanently the next time I log in after a hiatus.  I've just found myself getting bored playing alone for so long. Even though I have a huge backlog of great single player games, I really just want to play something with some people.  If anybody has any suggestions for games I may not have thought of it would be greatly appreciated. I'm open to just about anything and any type of game.
[south park: the stick of truth, deus ex: human revolution]	I'm looking for RPGs set in modern time (or at least the last decade or two, on in to near future.  I'm okay with any sub-genre, and even games that are sort of outside the norm (like 's a FPS, but it has so many RPG elements to it that I really loved it).  **My platforms:**  * PS2 * PS3 * PS4 * PS Vita * Original X-Box * Wii (not Wii U) * Android * PC (but it's not able to run most new games effectively, because it's a bit on the old, PoS side)   **Games I have already or have played**  * Persona series  * Costume Quest * Doom and Destiny * Shadowrun Returns * Shadowrun Dragonfall * Arcanum (I know it's a bit before modern times, but I still loved it, and would take something similar)  I may have others, but nothing comes to mind at the moment.  Anyway, I'd like some suggestions, along with maybe short descriptions or why you think it's a good game.  Thanks!
[the vanishing of ethan carter]	I've got my sights set on some games already, but none of them other  Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain are high-end photorealistic games. I'm no graphics whore, otherwise I wouldn't enjoy playing DanganRonpa, Killer7,  or Super Time Force Ultra. But since games' graphical fidelity are getting more advanced, it doesn't hurt to indulge ourselves with it if we have the means. It's like if you have a bunch of sports car and you want to race them around.  **Criteria**  * Game should be on PC. I've been PC gaming for over a year so far and I managed to find a couple dozen games I like out of the thousands others. * A recent or upcoming game. If it's an older game, chances are that I already checked it out. * Fluid/believable animation. Realism can be easily broken if the animation is super wonky and awkward (which is why I'm not a fan of Bethesda games). * I prefer controllers over keyboard &amp; mouse. I grew up with consoles and I only use K&amp;M if it's as simple as point n' clicks. * Genre-wise, I'm okay with any so long as there's a story to follow. Unless the mechanics are super satisfying enough in the genres I like the best. Particularly action and role-playing games. I'm not a big fan of CRPGs though, or others like strategy, simulation and racing. * Bonus points if the graphic options includes motion blur and depth of field.  **Examples**  * Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes * Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor * Castlevania Lords of Shadow 2  **Games I'm thinking of getting**  * Dying Light * Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain 
[one finger death punch, spec ops: the line, just cause 2, mass effect, tomb raider, this game, bioshock, mafia ii]	Hey all,  I just went from an old notebook with a crappy chipset (Intel 4500) to a newer one that's nothing too fancy but it's able to handle newer games. I'm currently replaying Portal 2, which I had played on release on the old computer but at a very low fps so now I'm really able to enjoy it. I have also started playing Mass Effect for the first time, since I saw has glowing reviews.  The question is what are the best PC games that have come out these last couple of years that you think I shouldn't miss?  To clarify, I should mention I'm not really interested in TellTale Games since I have played the first Walking Dead episode with my old PC and I'm not a fan of interactive movies. I also don't really care for war games and first person shooters (although I am willing to try a FPS if the game is worth it within the genre).  Those are the things I'm not looking for, but other than that I'm open to any other suggestion.  Thanks a lot!
[star wars: the force unleashed, saints row iv, prototype 2, bioshock]	I want to play a game where I'm not just a normal human, instead I want to be extremely bad ass. Like a superhero (not necessarily a comic book superhero though), or something like the nanosuit from crysis, I just want to have fun doing ridiculous things. I dont want a game that's just super easy, I don't mind, and actually welcome, a challenge. It doesn't have to be sandbox either, any type of action oriented game(IE: not strategy or puzzle games) is fine. The game would have to be on PC, ps2, or wii.  Things I've already played that could fit the bill: Crysis Prototype Crackdown
[minecraft, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft, ttt]	I'm trying to breathe new life into my group's gaming habits in light of loudening talk that we don't have that many different things to play. The main problem is that on a given night we have at least 6 people around, getting up to and past 10 on particularly busy ones, and I've found that a lot of games like to hover around the 4-5 player count. Compound that with the fact that many people aren't able/willing to buy games on a recommendation alone and I've found myself backed into a corner.  Here's a partial rundown of what's going on:  * **League of Legends** : A cornerstone of the group that's starting to erode. I've long since stopped playing and there's a noticeable split between people who prefer Summoner's Rift and ARAMs. Because of the group size, we're reliant on in-house 3+ v 3+ which works but skill gaps make balance difficult.  * **Garry's Mod - Trouble in Terrorist Town** : The odds on favorite crippled by the fact not only is it better with more people, but its wholly unplayable alone/with small groups (We're not big on playing on public servers).  * **ARMA 2** and **Insurgency** : Beloved but tragically not free, the people who do have the games love it and we want to play it more, but between the fact that not everyone has it and its a rather niche style of game makes it difficult to add to our regular rotation.  * **Counter Strike: Global Offensive** : A rising star in the group but with a big Achilles heel. The learning curve excludes a couple of people and make the rage-prone powder kegs while the five man limit on Competitive can be prohibitive   * **Minecraft** : A faded star that some people want to revive. The sandbox can prove a tad too tedious for some and others have played vanilla so much that their experience must be modded, leaving people who haven't learned the advanced mods in the Minecraft stone ages. Otherwise, the friendliness towards large scale cooperation and solo ventures is a really strong element  So I guess here's the key elements we'd be looking for:  * Free to play or very cheap. Free means the only barrier of entry is hard-drive space and bandwidth while cheap means the philanthropic and pick up extra copies for others.  * Either competitive or cooperative works but if the former, then it'd probably be best to avoid simple Team Combat PVP as skill differentials get out of control. Asymmetrical Team PVP or unique FFA like TTT or ARMA Battle Royale are good examples of preferred styles  * If the game is solo-able or small-group-able, it should have little impact on the larger group experience. We have some people who devour MMO content like its going out of style and have had to retire some MMORPGs when level differentials between the group got too much to manage.  * I'm basically the only person in the group that likes generic WoW-like MMORPGs so something like RIFT isn't as good an option as I'd like. But we do play pen and paper RPGs when we can so role based cooperative dungeon crawls are adored. Vindictus and Neverwinter would be perfect if they supported more players
[black mesa]	I'm looking for games that convey that rush of confusion and panic that comes from the ***start*** of any type of major event such as natural disasters, invasions, etc. from the viewpoint of a civilian.  The only thing I can think of is the beginning of Last of Us.  Are there any games that are like the intro to Last of Us but extended throughout the whole game?  EDIT:  Lots of suggestions, but I'm starting to think that there is no game that actually fits what I'm asking for.  I want a realistic, emotional, and humanizing experience with genuine fear and surprise as you don't know what  is happening.  The main character should literally be just an average joe, much like Joel was in Last of Us.  Basically I want to know if there is a game like the intro to Last of Us.  Realistic people, Average Joe character, emotional, realistic reactions, panic, desperation, confusion.
[shin megami tensei]	I picked up Morrowind again today, wanting to try a conjuration-heavy character. Pretty soon I realized that I can't really control my summon. Apparently I can't even do basic commands like "move there" or "attack this". I have to walk up to the enemy and get them to aggro me before my summon will attack. Many other games seem to have a problem with this aswell.  in Titan Quest you do get *some* control over your pets and you even get hotkeys, but they're still pretty awkward to manage well.  This made me wonder: **Are there any games with *really* good (or at least halfway decent) pet/summon control? Turn-based is fine too.**  ---  I don't care about the amount or power of pets, but something like a summoner character should be viable.  Multiplayer (particularily coop) of any kind is a plus, but not required. No P2W games if possible. Genre doesn't matter, although I'd like RPG-level complexity.
[devil may cry, ninja gaiden, metal gear, bayonetta]	Games I've been eyeing myself: Wii U: Donkey Kong Country Tropical Freeze, Lego City Undercover, Bayonetta XBox 360: Batman Arkham Trilogy (I've played City, but want the other 2),    What I like in games:  1. Open World. Think Saints Row, Arkham City, Zelda, Sleeping Dogs, Red Dead Redemption, Prototype. Love all those games. 2. Hack and Slash. Simple, yet effective, blazing through enemies.  What I hate in games: 1. RPG's. A few elements at most are fine, but constant worrying about grinding levels, or ugh, crafting items, turns me off of games. 2. Too much stealth. Think Hitman. Can't stand that. A bit is fine (obviously, since I like the Batman games.), but don't circle the game about having to take it slow.    Does anyone have any good suggestions?  
[advanced civilization, all games]	I'm thinking about starting a YouTube series where I delve deep into different games, looking at many aspects of it. I'm looking for games that could be picked apart for things such as:  * Philosophical Implications  * Allusions to various parts of culture  * Symbolism  * Metaphors to various things  In all, what I'm really looking for is games that could stand to be scrutinized as art. (Not meaning to start a debate just asking for suggestions)  **What I have now:**  * Journey  * Silent hill 2  * Half Life 1/2  * Hotline Miami  * Spec Ops: The Line  * Bioshock  * System Shock  * Dues Ex  * Bastion  * The first Resident Evil  * Inindo  * The Unfinished Swan  * Persona 3  * Kentucky route zero  * Police Quest  * Starseed Pilgrim  * Shadowrun (SNES)  * God of War  * BulletStorm  * Memories of a Broken Dimension  * The Secret World  * Prisoner of Ice  * Valiant Hearts  * Long live the queen  * Binding of Isaac: Rebirth  * Evoland  * The Novelist  * Never Alone   Edit: Added to list  
[ancient domains of mystery, liberal crime squad, dungeon keeper, dwarf fortress, dwarf fortress, dungeon crawl, neo scavenger, unreal world, ultima ratio, out there, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, angband, wazhack, wazhack, nethack, nethack, nethack, doomrl, adom, adom]	So I've always been the guy that was normally turned off by games like this and I wanted my AAA graphics and badassery, but in searching for more depth and intelligence in my gaming, I've ended up playing and loving Dwarf Fortress in particular. I've played a bit of nethack(an android version that people say is a good pc port) and enjoyed it.   I do prefer something with tilesets, but I could maybe get into something purely ASCII so don't leave those out if you have a suggestion. I might even be interested in a text-based game like I used to play 20 yrs ago(I believe they're called MUDDs now? maybe?) but I haven't had luck finding a good one.   Also, they dont especially have to be simple graphics, but I just like the depth and complexity these kind of games offer.   I've already heard of, and want to try, Aurora 4X and Cataclysm DDA. Are there any other really good ones out there?
[sniper elite]	I'm a PC gamer as of the start of 2014, but haven't found any shooters to sink my teeth in to. During my time as a console user I was total CoD fanboy up until Ghosts. Sniping is something I love to do in shooters, specifically BS CoD sniping. I also enjoy the leveling system in CoD, even if it can be a bit grindy. I've tried CS:GO but it's just too different and I don't like it enough to get good. Played Titanfall but that died, as did Loadout. I would buy a CoD on PC but the player base tends to dwindle too fast for my liking, so I'm not about to drop $80 on something I wont play for long.   Thanks for any and all suggestions. 
[final fantasy tactics, kerbal space program, heavy metal, civ]	One of my most favorite parts of Skyrim was just running off into the world and seeing what I find. I loved that. Some of my all-time favorite games growing up were King's Field, King's Field II, King's Field : The Ancient City, and I really enjoyed Terraria recently. Even a game like the DayZ mod had enough exploration to keep me entertained for awhile.  I've played a pretty ridiculous amount of FPS games, most recently Planetside 2. Spent a lot of time on BF2/3/BFBC2, TF2, CS:GO/S/, APB .. probably played almost 10,000 hours of FPS games at this point.  I enjoyed the story of The Witcher 1/2, and I'd really love a game with a great story right about now. Or a racing game. I got GRID, but I was pretty disappointed with it. The controls are pretty janky and wack, all the cars sound the same, and I really like street cars in my racing games.  Lately I've just been playing Don't Starve Together, which is pretty sweet, but I reserve playtime on it for when my Girlfriend wants to play.  What else is out there?
[metro 2033, far cry, gta]	Although I wouldn't call them the best games ever, the Bioshock series has entertained me in a way no other game I have played has. Speaking as a fairly casual gamer, what made it great for me was: the atmosphere, the story, the plot twists, and the game mechanics (because I found them intuitive and satisfying). The game really immersed me. I would have loved to read more or see a Bioshock movie, ya know?   Given what I enjoyed about Bioshock, and that Metro 2033 has been sitting in my library for a while, should I play it? I don't play a lot of games, so I like to choose the best; I would happily take other suggestions.   **EDIT: K Metro 2033 is too spooky for me. For real though, seems like an awesome game. But I'm a wuss. Anything similar in style but less creepy?**
[minecraft]	So I saw that requests for this type of game have come up a few times on this sub, but most of the posts are 1~2 years old so I thought I'd check if there are any recent developments.  I suppose the *best* example of what I'm looking for was the **Merchant class** in the **original Ragnarok Online** MMO I played a few years ago.  You could collect items from defeating enemies, then craft them into more useful potions/weapons/items, and then either directly sell them to other players outside dungeons, or even set up an afk automated shop.  The class even had a few skill lines focused on the economical side of things rather than pure combat.  Unfortunately it looks like there's usually only a hundred or so people using Ragnarok Online these days, so I'm looking for something new.  Some examples of games similar to this, but don't quite make the cut:  * **Recettear: An Item Shop's Tale**:  Have played this game, and it's just great.  However the 'economy' is a little easy to break if you know what you're doing, so not a lot of replay value for me.  * **Swords and Potions 2**: Am just now trying this out, but it's starting to feel a little too much like a smartphone game with tons of f2p in-app purchases...  Also it is perhaps a little too focused exclusively on the shop?  * **Fantasy Life**: On the surface this seems great with classes focused on gathering, crafting, and fighting, and it does have it's own charm.  But it doesn't really scratch this itch, since the game is honestly so easy that I never really feel the need to sell anything for gold.  * **Planet Calypso / Wurm Online** : Perhaps I'm just being spoiled / entitled now, but while on paper both of these games seem to do exactly what I'm asking, from a little reading it sounds like in order to actually start selling things in any meaningful way, you'd either need to directly purchase stuff with in-game purchases, **OR** spend hours upon hours grinding just for things for basic sales.   **tl;dr:**   **Looking for a game where I can specialize myself into a sort of collecter/crafter/shopkeeper-type role, ideally in a multiplayer combat-focused game to sell to other people, but not necessarily.**
[monster hunter]	Thinking about games that really draw me in, I noticed a trend. I like games that I can play and work toward something that, while not being *that* amazing, I can still feel fairly accomplished about (usually because of some sort of community admiration of such feats).  The best examples I can think of and why:  * WoW (reaching max level/high gearscore/downing raid bosses) * Runescape (reaching high skill levels) * Dark Souls (beating it/NG+/naked run/SL1 run/etc) * Spelunky (beating Olmec/Yama) * Diablo III (good gear/beating inferno)  They really all end up having this grindy sort of feel, too. So maybe that's important to the equation. Any ideas?
[guild wars 2, give up]	I've tried many many mmorpgs over the years. More notable ones (as in, played them for a longwhile) were Mu Online, Lineage 2, Guild wars 1, World of Warcraft, Eve online. Tried Allods, Perfect World Online, Age of Conan, Rift, Archeage, Tera, Swtor, Dark age of Camelot, Priston Tale 1-2, Ragnarok Online, Vindictus, Dungeons and Dragons online, Neverwinter, face of mankind, fallen earth, anarchy online, defiance, global agenda, rose online, grenado espada, flyff, 9 dragons, shaiya, metin 2, runescape, hero online, ace online and probably a few dozen more.   I used to find this genre engaging, but it does not seem to progress at all for over 10 years now. We are getting those non-targeted combat mmos, that for whatever reason think players are retarded and give them 5 skills over 30 levels and you are still doing the same shit you did before. The usual, grind untill you get to the average pvp shit at the end game still applies. Stories are garbage for the most part, some WoW contet was pretty good, enjoyed SWTOR stories a lot (unfortunately the exp rate is so low that you are mostly doing the boring stuff as opposed to those stories.  So yeah... should i just give up? 
[europa universalis, hearts of iron 3, hearts of iron 3, crusader kings, victoria 2, sengoku]	Hi. I'm looking for a realistic strategy game with a focus on battles. I enjoy the total war series and have played all but the oldest ones. I like crusader kings, it's politics system is fun, but I prefer pretending to be a general than a politician.   I'm okay with any sort of mode, RTS or TBS, though I'm not a huge fan of base building. Any era is fine, but my favorites are world war 2 and the Renaissance era, and the civil war. I'd prefer not to play a fantasy game, but if you know one thats just AWESOME let me know.  Thanks! 
[dragon age: inquisition, shadow of mordor, far cry 3]	I've played TF2 for 2500 hours and have lost people to play with, so as a result, I've been looking for something else to play when I'm not doing much. I want a game where I can have a goal that I can feasibly obtain and is actually appealing.   I've played Warframe, but after getting a strong weapon/warframe I kind of don't have much motivation because I feel I already have what I want, and nothing else seems worth the grind.  I've played Diablo 3, but I'm not a huge fan of isometric mouse controls.  I've played Monster Hunter, but I wish the game actually taught me what the hell to do. Past the first few missions I was just kinda like ", what now???" Also I'd prefer something on PC.  Played Borderlands 1/2/TPS, but the unskippable dialogue and cutscenes drive me insane when I'm trying to grind out quests and bosses.  Played TERA but the quests in that game are the most boring thing ever.  Played GW2 but don't really know what to do after 80 (legendaries don't seem that amazing, crafting is boring to me, and I'm not a huge PvP fan in MMOs.  I'm lost reddit. You are my only hope.   Here's some criteria in a pretty-ish list.  * Setting doesn't matter * Something where I always have something to work towards * Something I can play all day * I can listen to Pandora in the background * Co-op would be nice, but by no means necessary * Damage numbers (I don't know why but I love these) (not needed but nice) * Not too much stat micro-management * Third/first person * Guns would be nice, but not necessary  Might not even exist but if it does I will kiss your weiners (or whatever you have down there)
[eve online]	I like games where i can thieve, murder, and pirate; whether it be players or npcs and doing so has actual risk.  Also, I prefer non-linear story lines ( I found dishonored easy and boring )  PC Only  Games I've played:  TES 3 - 5  Fallout series  Payday 1/2  Dishonored  Divinity: OS  Archeage - I was the worst kind of green killing, trade pack stealing, bastard. I really liked that you can be put in jail for your crimes and that you could be set free for having a clever tongue during trial. Too bad all my friends quit playing..  Dayz  Rust  Arma 3 and all its glory  Star Sector  Star Citizen  Assassin's Meh  Risen 2: shite waters  GTA  Edit: Formatting, can't get it right on my mobile
[kerbal space program, prison architect]	Looking for a good survival game.   Recently played Stranded deep and The long dark but obviously being early access, don't have much content.   Stranded deep was fun, but travelling between islands to get resources was a bit tiresome.   I'm looking for something that looks good and is simple to learn but more depth later. Something where I can eventually be self sustaining.   Preferably 3D. I guess, something like a mix of minecraft and stranded deep would be perfect but I'm struggling to find something.   Thanks guys!
[dark side, jungler, chronos]	I'm in despair of having exhausted all the games I know about. Maybe someone can introduce me to a new game that is like the title -- hardcore, fast-paced and fluid, with high technical possibilities and/or lots of strategy.  &amp;nbsp;  Examples and games already played:  Starcraft - Mechanics is everything. Brood War is basically my idea of a perfect game. Plateaued at C- on iCCup and stopped playing :(  &amp;nbsp;  Counter Strike - Very mechanics reliant gameplay since your only choices are to headshot or die  &amp;nbsp;  Blitz Chess - Fast-paced tactical gameplay. Used to play a lot on ICC, but started to plateau around 1800 and only play very rarely now  &amp;nbsp;  Quake Live - Strafe jumping makes the game fast, and the simplicity of the rules leads to hidden depth making mind reading important. Movement and reads are just as important as shooting skill  &amp;nbsp;  DotA/Dota2 - Great team-based game and heroes like Meepo or Invoker have really fun technical playstyles due to their unique mechanics  &amp;nbsp;   Super Smash Brothers - 64 turns your technical skills into hype combos. Melee turns your technical skills into amazingly fluid movement. Project M is just jank (in a good way). Brawl has character specific technical gameplay but is extremely boring to watch. Smash 4 has slow and spammy non-technical gameplay but graphics are good and it is fun to watch  &amp;nbsp;  Osu! - Very fast and technical game that will probably break your z and x keys if you play it  &amp;nbsp;  Warcraft III - Fun micro heavy game but not many people to play with  &amp;nbsp;  GunZ: The Duel - K-style gives you amazing freedom of movement and the endless air battles are really fun, but it seems that nobody plays this anymore  &amp;nbsp;  Tetris - Simple but addictive. I mostly only play 40 line race in nullpomino  &amp;nbsp;  Mario Kart DS - Snaking is a lot of fun and makes the game reasonably fast-paced, but is not very technical  &amp;nbsp;  F-Zero GX - Possibly the hardest story mode of any game. Not for the faint of heart. Ridiculously technical on max speed. Ridiculously fast on max acceleration. Gotta go fast...  &amp;nbsp;  Dark Souls - The story mode is a little too easy, but PvP has a surprising amount of technical skill involved  &amp;nbsp;  Demon Souls - This game is so hard...  &amp;nbsp;  Path of Exile - Races are a great test of mechanics, but I have not kept up with the meta  &amp;nbsp;  Street Fighter III 3rd Strike/Marvel vs. Capcom 2 - Both amazingly technical games but sadly not played anymore RIP :(  &amp;nbsp;  Touhou - Hardcore bullet hell. A lot of fun, but at some point it became too much of a grind to learn boss patterns  &amp;nbsp;  Guilty Gear Xrd - One of the few games that I am still playing and improving at. Technical skill is very important. There is no greater joy than filling the entire screen will projectiles as Venom...  &amp;nbsp;  So, hopefully someone will be able to recommend some games that I have missed, because if I get bored of Guilty Gear Xrd I really don't know what I will play anymore. And if not, then I suppose this list serves as my recommendations for others who enjoy this style of game.   &amp;nbsp;  For length reasons I did not mention many games similar to the ones listed, for example Age of Empires and Starcraft, Ultra Street Fighter IV and 3rd Strike, Urban Terror and Quake, etc., but yes I have played those as well. I also did not mention some smaller/indie games like Crypt of the Necrodancer, Cloudbuilt, Speedrunners, etc., but I do play those kinds of games as well if anyone has recommendations.
[black and white]	I will put this in list format to make things easier.  Things i've played and enjoy:  Prison Architect   Simcity (2013)  Sims 3, probably my favourite game of all time but i can't make it run with my new computer, i have about 600 hours over the years  Don't Starve  Project Zomboid  Stalker series  Civilisation 5  Tropico 4  Spore  Theme Hospital  I like city builders a lot and survival games, i was thinking of buying black and white if i could find it. I think simcity 5 is tons of fun, i just wish city sizes were bigger. I hope this post is helpful, thank you all in advance
[portal 2]	I'm looking for games my girlfriend and I can play together. I pulled my wii out of the cupboard last week and we've been having a lot of fun with Wii Sports. She's getting really competitive and 'practicing' by herself.  I'm looking for something we can play next. Something casual but competitive, and without a big time commitment would be good. Something we can just pick up and play.  Prior to this, her only gaming experience was River Raid on her older brothers' Atari 2600 when she was a little kid.  I've got a Wii, PS3, 360 and oldish gaming PC (560Ti).
[assassin's creed 3]	I have always enjoyed the modern parts of the story with all the implications and conspiracy stuff (although it's been a while so i can't really remember the details). So does the Desmond plot go anywhere in AC3, AC4 and Rogue/Unity and what about the handheld games?  Which ones should I play or skip? AC4 is supposed to be really good, so I'll probably play it anyways, but what about the others? The last one i played was Revelations, which was pretty disappointing in my opinion (story and gameplay wise).  Thanks a lot for your help!
[road trip adventure, drift city]	Well, I'm asking for a really specific game here. My all time favorite game is Road Trip Adventure, really due to the infinite open world and how much you can explore, plus you can either choose to explore or to race. It was really fun for me and the only games that made me feel like that were Dead Island and South Park: The Stick of Truth, maybe because of the same reasons, specially DI. So there's that, if I enjoyed these games can you recomend me another one that resemble these ones?  tl;dr I liked Road Trip Adventure, Dead Island and South Park: the Stick of Truth, so what may I like besides these?
[universe at war: earth assault]	I've been really into strategy games recently, and with the recent release of Grey Goo I've been thinking about factions/races with weird and interesting game-play mechanics.  For example you have the Cultists from Endless Legend who can only have one city and have to work around that with some interesting twists and tools at their disposal. Endless legend is very much like Civ 5 for those who haven't played it, so being limited to one city is generally very rough.  Do you guys know of any other good examples I could try?
[magicka, shank 2]	Hello, i'm looking for some games i could play on my laptop that have local co-op. I'm looking for games that support various controllers (not just xbox 360 ones), preferably ones that are 2D and would run on a less-than-good HP laptop (probook 4530s), and also probably ones that are more like an arena than a linear storyline, something like Cobalt is a perfect example. So far i've tried Cobalt and Trine 2, fantastic games but it would be amazing to find some more that would support 2-4 players. I mostly prefer competitive games for this, but fast-paced co-op is great too (think broforce)  **EDIT:**   Currently on my list:  Monaco  Broforce  Cobalt  Trine 2  Castle Crashers
[shadow of mordor, assassins creed, dying light]	Hi. My favorite types of games are platformers and parkour-type games. Examples include Mirror's Edge, the new Tomb Raider, Prince of Persia, etc. I've seen a little bit of gameplay, and I think I might give this game a try. I want to see if anyone here has played it, and thinks it would fit into what I expect it to be. I love the idea of being able to traverse basically anything, but for some reason zombie games usually don't interest me, so it's a tough cookie. Should I just wait until a sale for it in about a year instead? Thanks.
[mass effect trilogy]	23 years old. Uses a 360. Loves all the Bioshocks and Fallout. Loves Skyrim and the new South Park game.   Dislikes Call of Duty and war orientated games.   Has a shitty computer but plays Postal 2 and FF7 on it.   Claims to want something new and interesting because games are getting boring for him. But doesn't know what he actually wants.  Is a really nice person and deserves a great birthday gift. I'm talking great person. Recently has had no money due to helping support his family after his dad lost his job. Took out a payment plan to buy his sister braces because she needs them.  I would love to buy him a new computer but only have a budget of 75 dollars.   What would be a super cool 360 game to get?
[fallout new vegas, arx fatalis]	As in a dungeon crawl, first person, solo - no party, hunger and sleep management, encumbrance/inventory management. Anybody has something? Not necessarily with all those qualities.  I'll just say in advance that games like *Skyrim* and *Legend of Grimrock* don't count. I played Skyrim and didn't like it enough to finish it (I'm kind of sick of open world games like that AND it was a buggy mess to the point of being almost unplayable) while Grimrock isn't the style of gameplay I'm looking for (great games, though).   Though, games like the ** series do count. I don't consider those as open world and it did have a nice hunger/encumbrance mechanic without forcing an RPG mentality.  And please don't post games with no story. I'm not looking for an arcade experience.
[metal gear solid 2, the last of us, gamecube, bioshock, mother 3, nier]	I've never been one for video games because they've always felt very superficial to me. I understand why they appeal to some, they simply don't appeal to me.  I've heard (though, I haven't played it) that Bioshock bucks this trend and really makes you think about something (I have no idea what that something is). Are there other games like that?  This next sentence is probably impossible to say without sounding ridiculously pretentious, but I suppose I'm looking for the video game equivalent of *Crime and Punishment*,  *The Road*, *Cat's Cradle*, etc.  What games have you played that challenged your view of the world?
[neverwinter nights 2]	Games like [SWKOTOR](https:// or [Fallout 3/new vegas ](https:// (kinda) or [shadowrun returns](https:// where you are given plenty of CC options right at the beginning (with skills, attributes, feats, etc.). I'm looking for the kind of game where level ups really matter and give you plenty of options every level or two (like in dragon age: Origins).  I would prefer it if the game(s) are for PC/steam and cheap (or free wink wink), but I do have an Xbox360 and gamecube.  THanks in advance and I will be sure to take a look and see if I can help answer anyone elses questions.   edit: I have played:   the last 3 elder scrolls games,   all the fallout games   mount and blade warband  both KOTOR games (similar to what I want)  The Bard's Tale (similar to what I want)  Dark Souls   Shadowrun returns (similar to what I want)  and Divinity II: Dragon knight saga (if any of u guys knows an easy way to get the 3rd game (wink) that'd be sweet)  for any one else who is interested in a game like this, I just found 'Din's Curse'. It's pretty great (just wish I could change my character's stats from the get-go)
[ancient domains of mystery, dungeon crawl, out there, roguelike, angband, nethack, nethack, doomrl, adom, adom]	Requirements:  * I can't install any software, so something like a flash game or Facebook game would be good.  No Steam or standalone games that require installation, obviously.  * Should not require blocks of time or continuous attention.  I want something I can click over to for a few seconds or a few minutes now and again during the day.  I generally like strategy games (currently playing Crusader Kings at home), but I am open to other things--even very casual games-- if they are fun, have a sense of progress, and meet my requirements.  I generally do not like games with PvP (unless this is a minimal element), and I generally do not like games that require you to "get help" from Facebook friends, etc. to progress.
[fallout 3]	I've been playing STALKER: Call of Pripyat for the past week or so and I'm absolutely loving it. The nuclear disaster setting, hunting for artifacts and even gunning down fellow Stalkers feel so good. So I'm looking for games with a similar setting/atmosphere.    Here are games that I already know, and have either only heard of or played:  - Fallout series: I've played Fallout 2 and New Vegas, and absolutely loved New Vegas (clocked nearly 200 hours in it). While I do like Fallout games, they have, in my opinion, a "comic book" atmosphere, and that's not really what I'm going for. I want something that feels a bit more "serious".  - Metro series: I have heard good things about Metro games, but haven't played any yet.  - Wasteland 2: Also have heard good things, haven't played yet.   Any other games like those?
[playstation, scalebound, wii u, xbox, xbox]	I currently own Xbox one, PS4 and Wii U. I have barely used any outside of the Wii U recently with Smash Bros. I have been primarily a PC gamer for the past 3-4 years and I do most of my gaming on that platform. I originally purchased the consoles so that I had access to the exclusives they would hopefully yield (Have play most of the exclusives out for them and I can't seem to get into them/enjoy them that much).   Currently, i'm on the fence of possibly selling 1 or more of these and upgrading my PC a bit more, which is where you guys come in. Which Console would you say would be worth keeping for the future? I am currently leaning towards the PS4, as I prefer RPGs and it seems that more microsoft exclusives are/will be coming to PC than sony exclusives.   TL;DR If you owned all 3 current gen consoles, and you wanted to sell one, which would you consider to be the one worth keeping for future releases? 
[dark souls]	Title is pretty self explanatory.  What I want to know is what games (on any system and of any genre) do you find you lose hours in? What games are so incredibly addicting or joyfully time consuming that you log hundreds of hours into them?  Or what games kept your attention for hours when you were younger? Mine are:  * Minecraft * Red Faction I and II * The Elder Scrolls series * Mount and Blade: Warband * FTL * Star Wars: Battlefront I and II * The Halo series   **TL;DR:** What game(s) do you play for days, or remember playing for days when you were young and innocent?  *EDIT:* I forgot to mention GTA San Andreas in my list
[nes]	I've recently had an interest in giving Final Fantasy X a try. I did not like it much when it first came out, but I was also fairly young, so I would like to give it another chance now that I'm older and more interested in story-driven games. I own the original game on PS2, and I own a PS2. I also own a PS3, and PS4. My question is: Should I just play the original PS2 version, or buy the remaster bundle for PS3 for $ right now on Best Buy? Or wait for the PS4 remastered bundle for $ I know this is all just opinion, but I am curious what the best way would be to play the game for essentially a first-timer. Is the PS3 remaster better enough that it's worth purchasing for $13, when I already own the original PS2 version? Appreciate any input. Thanks!
[planescape: torment, out there somewhere, shin megami tensei, divine divinity, lords of xulima, system shock 2, wasteland 2, arx fatalis, geneforge, persona 3, fallout 3, driftmoon, avernum]	I recently broke my collar bone and have a lot of down time. I enjoy RPGs mainly and have an xbox one and a decent PC. Because of the nature of the injury it's difficult to use a keyboard to game so any suggestions that have controller capabilities for PC are appreciated.  I've already played and enjoyed: KOTOR 1 and 2  Jade Empire  Mass Effect series  Dragon Age series  Bioshock series  Fallout 3 and NV  Morrowind, Oblivion, and Skyrim  Alpha Protocol  Vampire Masquerades  Witcher 1 and 2  Final Fantasy tactics  Pokemon red  Legend of Dragoon   Games I didn't enjoy that I own:  Divinity: Original Sin  Dark Souls  Dishonored  Deus ex: Human Revolution  Final Fantasy 13  Any help would be appreciated as I don't really know where to look anymore.
[shadow of the colossus, little big planet, playstation, ico]	Finally had enough spare cash to buy a ps3 again, so would love to find new quality games. had/loved for the ps2: kh1 kh2, the final fantasies, ratchet and clanks all that good stuff, star ocean TTEOT and the last hope for 360; I ordered all of their remakes so was wondering what exactly someone who also loves these games has taken any interest in?  Was told to get ni no kuni, also -love- tales games so got the symphonia chronicles and gonna try xillia, and I really think xillia/ ni no kuni are the only ones I blindly bought.. so yeah some new things would be awesome ;p  Also just bought nier and that game was seriously fucking perfect. Best soundtrack ever heard in my life and gameplay was pretty fairly cool; so those hack and slash games are really only my type if it's got such a cute story to match it's badassness and -perfect- soundtrack.  Thanks so much, i love you.   edit: and ah not really into fps/3ps shooter games xd 
[kerbal space program, strategy games, strategy games, out there, total war, civ]	Hi  I'm looking for a game where you have to think to find a solution but doesn't depend on details, small pieces gathering door locks collecting,.. because I'm very bad at those. It shouldn't be like 'wait, I have no idea what I'm doing let's try everything like tomb raider (although tomb raider was great because of other elements) or freaking hard like dark souls or witcher 2. I don't enjoy fps and I'm not good at them, My favourite game is  civ 4 and have many mods, also total war, I tried paradox games but I couldn't get into them. Genre isn't important but I like games where thinking is a major element of the game.   Thanks.
[metal gear rising: revengeance, this game]	Hello.  I don't really know how to expand my demand further, so I will give  a few examples :  * Dragon Ball Z Anime (characters teleporting &amp; so on) * Wesker in Resident Evil 5 (not as a character, more like his cutscenes) * Fox in Super Smash Bros Melee (more like the mechanical inputs than how the character itself moves though)  I would want it to be fighting, somehow. For instance, Sonic or Dustforce don't feel satisfying to me.  Also, I would like to still have control on my character. Pushing a button and seeing my character go everywhere (Fiora's ult in League for example) isn't rewarding.  I like playing Slayer in Tera, because his Overhand Strike cancelling other abilities make him dynamic, but the game itself isn't really so fast-paced per se.  I was thinking of things like Diablo 3's monk, but since I didn't buy the game yet, I can't tell if the stuff they do in videos are immersive or just "press a button and teleport everywhere".  Games of the genre that I already played :  * Devil may cry 1 2 3 4 (excellent, but I didn't feel mobile enough though)  * Elsword (too restrictive, at least in the first 30 levels?)  * Path of Exile (played 10 levels of archer though, can't say I have a true opinion of the game)  Thanks for your suggestions !  Edit : Wow, thank you a lot everyone for the suggestions! There are games I hesitated trying (MGS, Bayonetta) whose suggestions pushed me into wanting to get them, since they seem to fit. There are also a lot of new games I didn't know at all, I will make sure to look them up all!
[driver san francisco]	I remember having so much fun back in the day playing Burnout 3 and Revenge on my PS2, as well as Paradise on my PC and want to play something similar. What's the most similar game available for PC that's not a Flatout or one of the newer Need for Speeds? I've played so much of these series already, I would like to try something different. Basically what I'm looking for is a car racing game with some serious speed to it and lots of crashing, as well as an ability to ram your opponents off the road/into obstacles/into oncoming traffic etc.  Thanks in advance for all the help.
[a dark room, dead space]	I'm throwing a party at Friday the 13th next week, and I'll get a few friends into my place for us to play horror games on my PC.   The problem is: I don't have any, and I don't explore the genre a lot. I've heard some highlights are Amnesia The Dark Descent and Slender The Eight Pages.   I'm going for Single Player games (one will be playing and the others watching on the TV, which is duplicating the main monitor's output). It's okay if the game is better played on a controller, I have an X360 gamepad attached to my PC. Hardware is unlikely to be a limitation.   Games that can be enjoyed (and feared) in a short amount of time are preferred, as we're likely to switch and try them all.
[mass effect, the witcher]	So I've been experimenting with RPGs lately, trying to find some good ones to play that aren't from the past two years or so (my pc isn't great). For some background, I started on RPGs as a kid with the first KOTOR and Jade Empire, and loved them. I just finished trying to get into Neverwinter Nights 2- stopped a bit after Fort Locke, before reaching Neverwinter. The story seemed to have potential, but after I got Neeshka, and she was constantly dying and useless, I couldn't stand the combat anymore. I don't want to micromanage every character's action.  I liked DA:O's style, where that was absolutely an option for you, but it wasn't incredibly complex and definitely wasn't necessary. NWN2 was just very clunky to do combat in.  I've played Fallout 3 and New Vegas, as well as Morrowind-Skyrim. While I like all of these, the only one I've really been able to get into and stick with is Fallout 3. I hear people talk about the huge world of Skyrim constantly, but I can't really get into that world when it seems liek all the "huge variety" is going into a dungeon that looks exactly like all the others and fighting a bunch of draugr/bandits/etc. Just wasn't a lot of variety, and the story seemed lacking to me.  I've also played Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines, and absolutely love it. Combat was a bit iffy compared to modern standards, but it didn't hamper my enjoyment of the story, which was varied and wonderful.  I tried Planescape Torment and immediately liked the story, but the combat was, again, really hindering to my experience. Maybe I'm just spoiled from having grown up with KOTOR and other such games that are much more polished from a gameplay perspective, I don't know.  I've typed out a lot here, but it basically comes down to: I'm looking for new RPGs to play, focused on a good story, with combat that isn't outdated to the point that I can't play without tons of frustration. Have anything to recommend?
[american football, football manager, darkest dungeon, massive chalice, crusader kings, futbol]	Which games have a strong scouting/recruiting/player development aspects? An element of randomness is important to me, in finding different characters, and how they have different development tracks.   No action required. Could be any generation, any year.  The game I'm thinking of is Out of the Park Baseball, which is basically a baseball simulator. This element is also found in the Total War series among political families. Same for Paradox Interactive games. In older games I've played like XCOM, there you could recruit a number of people, some of which would never develop, which was frustrating.  I can't really explain my enjoyment from these games. It's not exactly in line with tycoon/management games, but it's related. Thank you.
[the long dark]	I don't play a lot of games, but I enjoy a bit of escapism as much as the next person. **My particular vice is getting lost in huge, ancient forests; the more lush and green the better.** After modding my copy of **Skyrim** to hell and back I've discovered that it does a *really* good job at scratching that itch (Falkreath Hold in particular), but I've spent so much time with it that I find myself longing for a little variance.   I used to adore The Legend of Zelda series (**Majora's Mask** was probably my favourite, with **The Ocarina of Time** a close second), but I haven't played any of the games that came out after **Twilight Princess** as it's been a long time since I owned any consoles. More recently I've enjoyed **Superbrothers: Sword &amp; Sworcery EP**, and **The Endless Forest**. I also picked up **Oblivion** shortly after getting Skyrim, but have yet to get stuck into it as I would prefer to explore other options first (I imagine I'll be modding it even more than it's successor). Other games I like that don't necessarily fit into this theme are Kentucky Route Zero, Howling Dogs, Their Angelical Understanding, and Ico (I also adore what I've seen of Journey and Shadow of the Colossus, but sadly have been unable to play either).  The actual gameplay is less important than the visuals and atmosphere, though my tastes tend to lean toward "casual action RPGs", "narrative-driven adventures", and "completely non-combative exploration games"... and looking back at the games I've listed, I guess I have a soft-spot for bizarre, occasionally horrifying lore.   As you might have gathered, I'm pretty out of the loop when it comes to recent releases, so I'm open to all kinds of suggestions, so long as I can play it on PC (including that are easily emulated)!
[recettear: an item shop's tale, scribblenauts unlimited, plants vs. zombies, world of warcraft, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft, bioshock]	tl;dr: My mother is ill sighted and i'm looking for a game that she might be able to play. In the past she enjoyed red alert 2, cs , pokemon...  Hey guys  I'm looking for a game for my ill-sighted mother. She used to play old games with me when we got our first PC. After that she only played games like minesweeper. When i got older i introduced her to a MMO MU Online. I think she ended up playing it for atleast for three years. She was well known on the server etc. But most of her friends stopped playing and she did not wanted to make new friends so she did quit the game too. During that time we decided to get a dog. She was a most loved member of a family. But she passed away a week before christmas. We did not even had a strenght to celebrate christmas. We bought some 5$ tree and placed it on the table in the kitchen. No presents etc. I still miss my dog but is much better than a month ago. Sadly i can't say same thing about my mother. She still misses her. She loved her as her own children :) Few days ago she asked me what games i play and if i know abot something she could play.  But she is blind on her left eye and ill sighted on the right one. So most of the modern games are not for her.  She loved MU online, pokemon games, C&amp;C Red Alert 2 + generals. We even played old Counter Strike together. And when i was younger she liked to play some logic games. Like Tetris etc.  So, do you guys have any tips? Some old shooters where is easy to spot enemy? Or some strategy where she can actually tell what is happening? I'm thinking about introducing minecraft to her. Yeah, you can say it is a game for kids but i think she might like it. But i will definietly look for a Red Alert cdCD and play few games with her.  I will be really happy if you take few minutes and think about games you know.  Thank you!!
[tales from the borderlands, game of thrones, walking dead]	My favorite games are Bioshock  1, Bioshock infinite (loved the dlc as well), The Last of Us, Uncharted 2, Red Dead Redemption, The Stick of Truth, Far Cry 3, Gone Home, Spec ops The Line, The Stanley Parable, Portal 1/2, Earthbound, and Metroid Prime. I loved them for the stories and atmosphere. I wanted to play them became I had to know what happened next. The problem was I found the combat really tedious in most of these games. I'm looking for games without a lot of combat or have stories that make you need to know what happens next. I especially love games that have a twist. Thanks in advance! 
[super mario 3d world, lost world]	I find that no matter how many modern games I play with more mature themes, photorealistic graphics, etc., I always end up going back to games I played as a young kid. Something about saturated colors, cartoony characters, and simple gameplay and stories just makes them much more casually playable for me. I love almost all of the modern incarnations of Sonic and Ratchet and Clank and I would have even loved Sonic '06 if it weren't for the dreadful load-times.   Are there any newer IPs that embody the 'saturday morning cartoon feel' of these games?
[magicka]	I am looking for a new game to play that is preferably similar to a shooter, with how most shooters have weapons, abilities, etc. but isn't one. Like I am looking for a MMO if it was just pvp, and no click to attack (needs action way to target, cursor or something). I would play Tera but the combat feels off plus I just don't want to level so much to get some good fun. Anyone know of a game that has some sort of population (want ot actually play the game) and sounds something like this? Magic is encouraged!   Free  to Play would be best if it was on Steam, though ain't SUPER picky on this, quality is the big thing here and if it is even a lil competitive (think of an elo system) I would be in love. 
[magicka]	My wife told me she wanted to try playing games with me. I need to find a game that we can both have fun with. I'm a pretty competent gamer, she mostly plays casual iPhone puzzle games.   I'm looking for a game that:  * We can play together on the big screen (controller support for PC games) * Is easy enough for both of us to play while we're stoned. * Is something that doesn't require our full attention or is too stressful. Nothing competitive (because I would win). Basically something we can zone out to.  We've played Jamestown in the past and had fun with that. What really worked there is that as long as one person is alive, the game keeps going, so every additional player makes the game easier and dying doesn't matter as much.
[dark souls]	I'm honestly not really sure what I want. I have quite a few games on my laptop that I switch around from and nothing seems to keep me amused. These include:  * Saints Row IV (was amazing at first but then gets really old and repetitive, all the missions are just lame combinations of like 5 types) * Metro 2033 (no criticisms here really, just not for me, and I'm sure I'll play through it eventually in between other games) * Far Cry 4 (I got like 30 hours out of this, which I'm very content with, but now it's just the same old, if nothing else I at least need a break) * Dishonored (basically same thoughts as Metro 2033. I'll get through it eventually) *Fallout: New Vegas (I've played an hour or two and maybe I just haven't given it a fair shot but it just seemed boring. Maybe it's just the art style or the slow progression, I dunno. Maybe it's only boring in the same way the first few chapters of a book are. I could potentially be swayed on this one)  I think I want something either with an online community that I can play casually (say 1 hour a day on average) or a good enough single-player campaign to keep me intrigued without feeling like a chore. I really like progression. I like to play a game for an hour and feel as though I'm slightly better off than an hour ago. Whether it's earning money, or leveling, or finding loot, etc.  To point something out, I have no criticisms for The Witcher 2, but after playing it all the way through, I have to say it wasn't the game for me. It didn't do anything wrong, but I felt it a chore to read up on the lore and try to follow the story. Deus Ex sounds really great, but so did The Witcher 2 before I played it, and I'm wondering if it's maybe too similar for my tastes.  Of all the games I've played recently, the trial for World of Warcraft actually had me the most interested, but I'm not willing to pay the monthly fee.   Things I liked:  * The progression: everything you do makes your character better while you're leveling. Even if fighting gets tedious, it's always adding XP and that feels good.  * The looting. It's really exciting to find a boss because you know you're going to get something good out of it. I never actually got to dungeons or raids or anything in the trial but I played WoW ages ago and I remember the feeling.  * The art style. Although it feels dated now, everything is quite appealing to look at. The variety is great. If the graphics were updated, it might be the factor to push me over the edge and make me pay the monthly fee.   * The 1st/3rd person view. I love how I can zoom out and get a good FOV or at times zoom in and appreciate my characters animations and gear and stuff. Something about being close up to your character and seeing their armor feels good, as though you really get to experience the gear you earn.  Things I didn't like:  * The monthly fee, obviously. * The graphics are dated.  And I think that's it, actually. Although other than when I played it a decade ago as a kid, I've only played the trial and I'm at lvl 12 so I obviously can't say too much about it.  Maybe the only game that comes to mind (other than Deus Ex) is Skyrim, although it seems like another game that might feel like a chore in the same way The Witcher 2 did for me. 
[persona 4]	What are games that I should definitely play on PS2?   Suggest me classics or even the most underrated games which you think I should give a try.    Just in case it helps, I absolutely loved:   Kingdom Hearts (story, concept, fighting style)   Kingdom Hearts 2 (story, concept, fighting style, achievements [diary])   Disgaea: Hour of Darkness (strategy based fighting!, story)      I generally love RPGs and Adventure the most, but I do like   puzzles and strategy games, too.   I love anime so if it has an anime-ish look that's cool, if it doesn't no problem at all either, I like pretty much any style or graphics!      The most important thing to me is the storyline!       I didn't get to play many yet as you can see (I only ever had Nintendo consoles or gamed on PC) so suggest all you want if you think it's something I should definitely play~  
[danganronpa, ghost trick]	I'm trying to find some adventure/puzzle types of games worth playing on PC.  **Games I've played and liked the most:**  * Machinarium (one of my favorites) * Monkey Island series, including Telltale episodes * Some Professor Layton game on NDS * The Secret World's investigation missions * 999 on NDS * Myst * Portal 1/2 * Syberia 1/2 * The Swapper  **Games I liked, but probably few people remember:**  * Torin's Passage * Dr. Brain games * Museum Madness * Carmen Sandiego games (but pretty mindless and repetitive)  **Others I've played and didn't like quite as much:**  * Lumio City * Kairo * Botanicula * Antichamber  **Games I played way too long ago to remember:**  * Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee * Grim Fandango * Dreamfall: The Longest Journey (never finished)  **Some preferences:**  * I prefer games where you can't die, or at least not in a way that hinders your progression. * I would prefer having one actual ending to work towards, unless the game has a way to more quickly get to the other endings a la 999. * If it's a point-n-click game, I prefer the object combinations to make logical sense and not just be arbitrary items. * I would prefer some kind of story (though I love straight puzzle games like Hexcells, I'm not looking for that type of game right now).  I've been thinking of going back and revisiting some of the older games that I played before, but figured I would try to get a list of some newer ones to check out, too. I know Telltale Games has made a bunch of episodic games... My impression was that they are more story-based than adventure/puzzle-driven, though.  Thanks in advance.
[guild wars 2]	Hiya, so I'm looking for a sort of grindy MMORPG with rather visually pleasing spell animations/cosmetics. 2d/3d doesn't really matter to me, I'm not much of a graphics whore and P2P/B2P/F2P doesn't really matter to me as long as the game is in my opinion, worth investing into. I'm looking for an mmorpg that hasn't really been Westernized to a degree (handing out end-game achievements/gear/vanity items to all players who feel entitled/handing things out.) I'm 100% against Pay to Win or the deviation "Pay to Progress." I'm really big into the social aspect of gaming, however I don't like to feel dependent on group activities to further progression on my own individual character, however I do understand that end-game raid gear/rated gear/etc. is generally saved for group activities and I'm fine with that. Another thing that I'm looking for is a game that allows for a high skill cap regardless of what you're playing, I really don't like it when games try to "dumb things down" or make class progression very narrow. Fantasy settings are my preferred genre, however I'm up for trying new things! My 2nd to last preference is that the community be somewhat decent, I understand that there are toxic spots here and there, but I don't want to walk into a cesspool, the staff administrating the game having a professional and empathetic attitude is also a huuuuggge plus. Finally, in terms of personal class preference, I've always wanted to try a sort of rogue+mage hybrid that allows for very fast paced and dynamic combat! Can't wait to read some suggestions! Thanks for taking your time to help me out ^_^
[king's bounty: the legend, dark side, homm, homm]	Recently have been looking back at these two game series, HoMM (Heroes of Might&amp;Magic) and the original Warcraft. So I've been wondering, is there any newer good games out there today similar to either one of these series? (Also I've already tried out Civilizations so please don't mention that game either)  E: In case anyone wants to mention the new HoMM that's currently out, I personally think it kind of suck's at least compared to Heroes 3 which most can agree was the best in the series. So please don't give me that as an answer! 
[alan wake]	I'm looking for well-written games, old and new, with emphasis on atmosphere and world-building, if possible. They can be any genre, as long as it's not a super grindy RPG, though I skew heavily towards puzzle games, graphic adventures and maybe visual novels.  For example, I've enjoyed The Talos Principle, Kentucky Route Zero, Portal, Cave Cave Deus Videt, and To The Moon, to name a few.  EDIT: Forgot to say which platform, sorry. I have a pc, an android tablet, and Wii. Wouldn't mind doing some searching for old Wii or GameCube games.
[suikoden]	So I've been playing games since 1990, but the first rpg I ever played for a long time was an mmorpg in 2005. Mostly for the mmo part and since then I've only played some action rpgs.    The reason for this being that the few rpgs I tried as a kid ended up with me not understanding a word of all the English text and then having no clue what I'm supposed to do. It would get boring and i'd eventually give up. Even the word RPG itself was a mystery to me.   So I mostly played shooters, fighters, racing and some strategy games while growing up. Eventually I learned English, but I stuck with the kind of games I knew for a long time and kind of avoided anything rpg.    Well I really want to try something else right now, a very story driven single player rpg. Doesn't matter how old or new, fantasy or scifi, turn based or action, just make it have a great story and good characters. And don't leave out anything that seems too obvious as I will probably not know a thing about it.
[spyro]	Hello! Looking for a game where you play as a dragon, similar to Drakan: The Order of the Flame, where you could fly around, munch up enemies and spit fireballs. Preferably 3rd person ^^  Edit: Thanks everyone for the answers. For people looking for the same thing, here are some answers from the comments:   * I of the Dragon   * Divinity 2: Ego Draconis / Dragon Knight Saga   * HOARD   * Divinity Dragon Commander   * Dragon (Steam Early Access)   * [Browsable list!](http://  
[crypt of the necrodancer]	I've been feeling really jaded and tired of gaming lately since everything coming out just feels like the same thing over and over: open-world/sandbox, go kill things and get XP and money, spend XP in a tacked-on skill tree, spend money on better weapons/armor, go kill big guy after killing littler guys, generic story that's bad or cliche or just doesn't matter, $ with useless pre-order bonuses, rinse, repeat.  I feel like I've already played the interesting games too: Gone Home, Life Is Strange, Telltale in general, This War of Mine, Papers Please, Kentucky Route Zero, etc.. I love all of those, but they're too few and far between.  Have there been any games recently that haven't gotten much press that are really pushing boundaries and doing something new and aren't just the same rehashed ideas that have been around for nearly a decade? They don't have to be great games, or even good, but just something interesting.
[quantum conundrum, xbox, myst, myst, myst]	So, my wife recently started getting into gaming (yay!) but she's very very picky (boo!)  In the past, she was a big fan of Myst, but hasn't played it in over a decade.  After the Sega Genesis (for which she only had Sonic and X-Men), she didn't play any other games until recently with Portal 2 on my 360.  She's also played the Katamari games and likes those.  So here's the thing... she's beaten Portal 2, so now she needs a new game to play when everyone else is asleep (She works the overnight shift in a hospital, so when we're asleep she's trying to stay awake).  She'd like something similar to it, and not on PC.  Any suggestions?  I've tried to get her to branch out into other genres, because... To be fair, there are already hundreds of games in this house for her to play.  But none of them are appealing to her, she just wants more games like Portal.
[spelunky!]	I'm a really competitive player but I need a break from online play and am trying to find that same feeling of challenging and rewarding gameplay in solo games.   I've already played a ton of the Monster Hunter and Dark souls series, as well super meat boy, I wanna be the boshy/guy and other various platformers.   I also tried a lot of "hard" retro games but most of the time the difficulty comes from bad control schemes or bad design and it really isn't enjoyable.   I also don't enjoy artificial difficulty the way most fps games do it, aka raising enemy hp and lowering yours.      I play on PC (but I also have an xbox360 controller) and can run any game or emulator, and also own a 3ds and wii.    Thanks for your suggestions.
[out of the park]	I'm thinking something where you develop a player (or possibly a team) through the ranks and build up your stats before you take on the world. Any sport really - I've tried the FIFA manager games and they just didn't do it for me.   Don Bradman Cricket 2014 seemed great, but the batting mechanics just didn't work with my machine, but otherwise it would have been perfect.   Something where you have to earn money to spend on equipment or training facilities really interests me - like "New Star Soccer" on the iPhone, that hooked me for ages. Actually that game but a little bit deeper would be ideal.   One player preferred, I don't have the time or patience to battle with other people online.   PC or iOS is good. Thanks in advance, great idea for a subreddit. 
[neverwinter nights 2, league of legends, pick up, nwn, nwn, nwn]	I've owned the Neverwinter Nights games for a few years now. I got them off of GOG when they were quite cheap. My problem is that I start up the first one every couple months, but I can never bring myself to continue. I don't mind bad graphics or anything like that. I think it's mostly because I'm not too familiar with DnD rulesets. I also don't have as much time as I used to to play games, learn their mechanics and whatnot. My question is; what's the best way to play these games? Is there a certain expansion that's worth checking out over the other ones? Is there a module I should download? Can I still play online? etc etc. Just looking for which direction to take because I'm not very familiar with the DnD world. I have played Planescape: Torment, though. I went in blind and didn't really know what I was doing for the most part.   Thanks, guys!
[maniac mansion, maniac mansion]	I am a female in my mid 40's... I used to play Myst, Leisure Suit Larry, and some odd game about a mad Professor and a tentacle in a (I think) Castle... I'm sure it was a popular game but I have forgotten the name of it (in my old age). I do not own a gaming system other than an ollllld Wii system my 7 year old uses to play Mario Cart on - and am not interested in buying a new gaming system, but I am interested in playing some games on my Mac laptop similar to the ones listed above. Can anyone suggest some games for me? I would need to buy them online where I can download them as my laptop's cd crapped out and I'm too cheap to replace it as I never really used it to begin with. And yes, I know I'm asking a lot, and probably asking dumb questions, but considering I used to pay games 20 years ago I'm basically a Noob at it now.
[metro 2033, f.e.a.r.]	I will list here the titles I want the suggestions to resemble. This is a non-exhaustive list of my likings. Duration and release date are not an issue for me. Story, concept design and general badassness are. Prefer darker tone (Dead Space is best). Not interested in multiplayer, RPG elements. Have GTX 770.  Half-life  Portal 2  Dead Space 1-2 (3 was too colorful and console-itic)  Star Wars The Force Unleashed 2  Republic Commando  Batman Arkham Asylum and City  Shadowgrounds  Darksiders  Assassin's Creed II  Wolfenstein the new order  Tomb Raider (the new one, only!)  Max Payne (all 3, but especially the first)  Freedom Fighters  Beyond Good &amp;amp; Evil  Call of Juarez: Gunslinger  American McGee's Alice (The first only)  No One Lives Forever  Oni
[brothers: a tale of two sons, divinity: original sin, shadowrun: dragonfall, shadowrun returns, game of thrones, walking dead]	I just finished The Wolf Among Us and it has left a big hole in my heart. I need something to fill it asap. Thank you to anyone that helps! Systems I have are PC, Wii U, and 3DS (although I prefer PC recommendations). Examples of games I've enjoyed:  * To the Moon [PC] (Story Rich Game) * The Wolf Among Us [PC] (Story Rich Game, Story Options) * 999/VLR [DS/3DS] (Story Rich Game, Story Options) * Saya no Uta [PC] (Story Rich Game, Story Options) * Phoenix Wright games [DS] (Story Rich) * Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Red/Blue/Time/Sky/Darkness [DS] (Story Rich)
[desktop dungeons, card hunter, kingsroad, kingsroad, roguelike, roguelike, diablo]	Hey!      Title explains most of it. It doesn't have to be an RPG, I just need a sense of progression. I've been playing a lot of clicker heroes, and adventure capitalist, but I've burn out now that I've gotten to endgame on both.      I'm not necessarily looking for idle games, but I'm willing to play them.     My dream game would be Dofus, but offline. Or something similar.      Once again, while I prefer RPG's, I'm willing to play most anything with a sense of progression.     Another major thing is I would like to be able to play it A LOT. I don't want to play for an hour, and beat it, and have nothing to do from there. I'm planning on playing fifteen to twenty minutes here, ten there, etc etc over the course of a few weeks.     It can be free or paid, but needs to work on windows.            Whoever gives me the best game suggestion will get gilded!     Thanks everyone. :D
[street fighter, in your face]	Hello all I'm here in search of a new awesome game to sink countless hours into. I've got around 700 hours in CSGO (which is a lot considering I work full time and have a wife/two kids) and I'm just burning out. I love the game, the mechanics, even the toxic players but I'm done for the time being. I'm so inconsistent in the game it is unreal. I've never been great but I thought for awhile I was getting better. Anyway enough of that.   What I'm looking for:  * PC game  * 1st/3rd person  * shooter/tactical/team based/etc  * awesome graphics is a huge bonus. (i've got an awesome rig that's been wasted playing cs)  * something with a decent skill level/learning curve (i want to feel like a badass even if I'm not)   * Multi-player is really what I'm looking for. I get bored very quick playing a single player game.   Games I've already got (I own these but have no contributed any decent amount of time to):  * Arma 3  * BF4  * DayZ (stand alone)  * H1Z1  * Rust  * Payday 2  Games I've considered (look interesting but haven't played):  * Evolve (yes, I'm aware of the DLC shenanigans)  * COD Modern Warfare (looks pretty, no idea if it's rubbish or not)  * BF Hardline (currently in beta, set to release in March I believe)  Not really sure of any others that stand out to me currently. I'm just looking for some recommendations. Should I look into some of the ones I already have first? All of those I listed I have less than 50 hrs in (except DayZ...roughly like 76hrs goofing off with friends).   Any and all recommendations are much appreciated. I'm just trying to get a feel for some awesome games that I may or may not even know about. Perhaps there is someone here who left CS and found something else completely awesome. Thanks again.      
[guns of icarus]	Hello,  my friends and I are looking for a game we could all play together. We have CS:GO, LOL, HotS but not everyone plays every game and none of them support **6 player multiplayer** (afaik at least; I only play CSGO).   Every suggestion will be helpful, since we ran out of ideas. We don't want **strategy**, **racing** nor **MMO** and if possible, something that doesn't rely too much on progression (by which I mean, for example MMOs are out of question, because it would be too hard to keep everyone on the same level).  EDIT: It should also be somewhat competitive. No Battlefield or CoD clusterfuck.  Thank you in advance!
[best friends]	Dear Reddit,  I've got a lot of time on my hands right now and need something to kill off the boredom. I love watching Let's Plays and full playthroughs of games. My favorite channel so far has been TheSw1tcher (Two/Super Best Friends Play). Can you suggest some Let's Players that are similar to these guys in their humor, way of running their show, and overall "feel"? The more content their channel has, the better. Thanks in advance.  EDIT: I'd also appreciate Let's Players that do some more obscure games rather than popular mainstream ones. Not necessary, but highly appreciated.
[luftrausers]	Hi,  I'm currently looking into some quick mindless games that I can pick up and play for 15-30 min at a time. I currently already play CS:GO, Binding of Isaac, and Hearthstone, but CS is a little time consuming, hearthstone can be frustrating, and binding of isaac didn't really stick with me. I'm looking to get GTAV when it releases soon but I wanted something small to play in the meantime. I am currently looking at broforce and maybe some fighting games (although I'm terrible at fighting games). While I'm looking for something that's somewhat mindless, I also want some depth to the game, something that would make me want to keep picking it up, even for 15-30 min at a time. I don't think a strategy type game is something I would play, but any recommendations are of help! Thank you.
[euro truck simulator]	Normally, everything I do in games is hardcore or competitive in some way, but after some frustrating experiences recently, I need something to unwind.  I'd like something very relaxing, but also something to work towards. FEZ is the best example I can think of. There's not really any fail state which is great, too. What I don't want is something like, say, Proteus. That's a bit too mindless for me. Runescape is another I play that fits pretty well. I can sit and work on my fishing and I find that very calming.
[sleeping dogs, deus ex]	Other open world shooters that I liked:  Far Cry 3 (I'm playing 4 right now, it's.. it's alright)  Fallout New Vegas (&lt;3)  Bioshock - not open world but the gameplay was extremely fun for me so if there's a game with similar gameplay (already did Singularity and The Darkness), I'd love to hear it.  Mercenaries - It was pretty good.  GTA - really liked the last one.  Assassin's Creed - Great game, this time I'm looking for something modern and with guns though.  Red Dead Redemption.  Borderlands was okay, I didn't like the fuzzy graphics though.  Can't think of the rest, but as I remember I'll add them to the list.  **Basically, I'm looking for an open-world shooter/RPG that has good graphics (Red Dead Redemption level or higher, preferably as good as Crysis 3's.. Wow, Crysis 3 was awesome), a story, and generally a good game!**  **Thanks a lot!**
[the witcher 2, dark souls]	In Dark Souls, resting at a bonfire was a massive relief, and a place to level up. In Oblivion I would sleep to level up. In EYE Divine Cybermancy every time you load the game it begins in a dream world. Obscure mechanics like having to draw your spells in Arx Fatalis. Games like Kings Field/Dark Souls fascinate me because of their sparse, obscure and Dark Fantasy settings. I love obscure feeling fantasy worlds with emphasis on roleplay and these "rituals" really drove home the immersion. I am looking for a 3D game.  Can anybody point me in the right direction? Better combat is a plus but I can't get too picky especially with such a strange request.
[grand theft auto, know how]	I've been hooked on first person games ever since Quake, Doom and then EverQuest. I don't really even like other types of games anymore. I used to love shooters, side scrollers, top down, RTS, console, etc, but I am enamored less and less by them.  The only kind of game that keeps my attention anymore are the ones that give you a fully immersive, open world, quest driven, action-based shooters or  Games like Skyrim, Fallout, Far Cry, Dying Light, even Minecraft, etc, are my favorites. I can't get enough of them. The more I can alter, change or customize the better. Talents and skills, powers and abilities. So good. I guess, in a nutshell, the games let me immerse myself in an entirely different world. (VR is going to be so boss)  I'm running out of things to do, though. I've just finished both Far Cry 4 and Dying Light. What games are you guys playing that are new, or will be playing very soon?  I'm eager for GTA V on PC. I'm hoping the modding scene is good. I would love a DarkRP style mod for GTA V.
[kingdoms of amalur reckoning]	I'm looking for more games like Morrowind, Oblivion, Skyrim, Fallout 3, New Vegas, Dark Souls, Torchlight, Dungeon Siege, Drakensang, Dragon Age, Mass Effect, Rift, WoW, etc.   Games where you have tons of armor/outfit choices and aren't stuck wearing the same thing for the better part of the game. I loved both games in The Witcher series, and am currently replaying the first one (it's just a better RPG experience, in my opinion). But I want something with a lot more choices when it comes to character appearance.   I've played all of the old CRPGs except Temple of Elemental Evil and Planescape: Torment, both of which I am currently downloading.   Oh, and the Gothic series just doesn't do it for me. I've tried all of them and all three Risen games and they just bore me to tears by the second act.   Any other suggestions? Something I might have missed? 
[bulletstorm]	Just beaten the 2010 Alien Vs Predator game; was "meh", but I adored some of the execution animations, the Predator ripping a crying victim's head off, or the Alien sticking it's tail through a Marine's arse and out of her mouth, like the impaled scene from Cannibal Holocaust.  In the market for the most *bloody, goriest, violent* video games on the PC. Preferably strong violence towards humans, the more realistic the better. Can be from Steam, GOG, Origin, uPlay, F2P or whatever legit source; but must be on PC, and I don't do emulation or piracy. Ultra gorey mods or censorship removal patches for any games accepted if you know of any. Genre not important, prefer first-person if possible.  I'm already aware of the following games, and would like something similar to these:  * Solider of Fortune / Solider of Fortune 2 * Postal / Postal 2 * Hatred * Max Payne 3 * Left 4 Dead 2 * Manhunt 2 * Shadow Warrior * Brutal Doom  Thank you for reading, and I will look forwards to all your kind suggestions! Let me know if there's anything I need to clarify!  Edit: Thank you all for your contributions. I will look forwards to the following games:  * Harvester * Bulletstorm (with [GFWL fix](http:// * Mortal Kombat Komplete Edition / Mortal Kombat X * Darkness 2 * STALKER (with [Autumn Aurora 2 mod](http:// * Killing Floor 2 * Tomb Raider * Serious Sam 3 * Silent Hill * Sleeping Dogs  All your contributions were valued, mad props to /u/JamesC1337, /u/monotron, /u/gianttabby, /u/PartyPoison98 and /u/Oranjeboomed for your ideas!  Just bought Harvester, and will give it a go very soon! Mortal Kombat X and Killing Floor 2 wishlisted on Steam. I own the others.
[risk of rain, roguelike]	I'm looking for a new roguelike game. I want complex, strategic gameplay, permadeath, and a brutal learning curve. I want to fail again and again before I am able to wrestle victory from the jaws of defeat. I want the game to be challenging even after I beat it a dozen times.      I want the opportunity to be creative with *how* I beat the game - not just grinding to "max out everything" then hopefully win.      Randomly generated levels/maps are an absolute must! Graphics are unimportant as long as they don't hurt my eyes.        Titles I've enjoyed:      * Dwarf Fortress   * Spelunky   * FTL: Faster Than Light   * Sunless Sea   * Nethack   * Rogue Legacy
[the orange box, dawn of war, total war, thq]	Hey guys. I notice a lot of threads on here about setting up Steam accounts for friends and what to buy, so I figure it might be helpful to point out one of the least expensive ways to build up your Steam library and figure out what you like - bundles.  Game bundles have a sort of sour reputation due to the fact that a lot of them besides Humble Bundle tend to scrape the bottom of the barrel in terms of quality games, but there are a handful of sites that are consistently great.  First of all is [Bundle Stars.](http:// These guys are the only site I'm particularly excited to get an email from, because they consistently have great games in their bundles. Some of their bundles never even leave the site - one of the best deals is the "RPG Champions Bundle," which includes Two Worlds, Two Worlds II and its expansion, Gorky 17 (an obscure [?] cRPG), Septerra Core (a combination of point-and-click and traditional RPG), and Enclave (more of an action game really). This is a $5 bundle. RPGs not your thing? The Reboot  bundle includes Disciples III, Sniper: Ghost Warrior, and Weird Worlds: return to Infinite space among other games for $3. When it comes to raw value, Bundle Stars is the way to go.  Next up is more of a hit/miss site, [Indie Gala.](https:// These guys put out at least two bundles every week (Fridays and Mondays), but they're the kind of bundle you look at for one or two games - the current Friday bundle includes Tales of Maj'Eyal and A Valley Without Wind 1 &amp; 2, for example. They follow both the "one price for everything" and "pay what you want, tiered" formats, so make sure to check which your preferred bundle is.  The third one is the tried and true site that really popularized the indie bundles - the [Humble Bundle.](https:// These guys are who you think of when you think indie bundles. They do a (typically) semi-weekly main bundle of three tiers (4 if you include the physical tier) that expands on the second week, a weekly bundle of the same number (without the expansion; what you see is what you get), a semi-weekly Andriod bundle (that expands in the second week), and a semiweekly eBook bundle (not sure if this expands). The second tier is always "beat the average," while the third tends to be $13 or more, including higher-end, AAA/recent games.  If you're looking for games that aren't usually bundled, see if there's a [Blink Bundle](https:// up. It's not often up, but for games that haven't been bundled before, these guys are your best bet - they even bundled one of the Fate games just as they came out on Steam.  This is by no means an entire list of all the good bundle sites, just the ones I'm aware of. I hope this helps in building up a Steam account for your new computer or your friend without breaking your bank :D
[xenonauts]	I posted this in r/games first so I just copy-paste this here,hope someone can help  Hey, so over the last few days I really wanted to play a tactical turn based strategie/rpg but I cant find a game that suits me 100%,so I wanted you guys to help me. Like the title says I am looking for a similar game to XCOM. Now some might say :"Just play XCOM",but there is one thing about XCOM that ruins the game for me (and its really only this one thing) and thats the setting. I dont like futuristic/science fiction games and ontop of that I really dont like the enemy design in XCOM (every enemy type except for the spider-things just seems so harmless) Other than that It would be the perfect game for me. Here are some things a game has to offer: -challenging,tactical gameplay ( not just basic attacks all the time,like for example in wasteland 2) -I dont care about story. Infact most of the time I dont even want to have a huge story as I only care about combat and battles. Now for a lot of people this is weird,but thats what I liked about XCOM again. There is basically no story,its just like "here is an alien invasion,go fuck em up!" Games like Divinity:original sin drag out the story and dialoges so much out while I only wait for the combat. Yes you could say I am impatient about that :) -there should be a certain degree of  does not have to be a huge skill tree like lets say in Path of exile,but I should be able to make a few completely different heroes/units. -like i already said,I dont like futuristic or modern settings in games like  much prefer fantasy or medieval/historical settings especially dark and gritty styles like in darkest dungeon. Yes I am extremely picky,but thats just how I want my games to be :D Here are some potential games of the genre but I am not sure if I would like them: -The banner saga: I bought this just today,and I will try it out,even though I dont really like the artstyle,but I will see. -Expeditions: Conquistador : thats a game I have been thinking about getting aswell,but in the videos I have seen so far it is really dialoge heavy and a lot to read. -Blackguards 2: I havent seen much about it,but it LOOKS good,however the steam reviews say it is completely unbalanced and really buggy. If you have any games I should try out please let me know
[tales of vesperia]	I loved Mass Effect, DA2, Fable 1 (3 was one of the worst games I have ever played though). I liked Fallout 3/NV although they weren't linear really. I really, really liked DA2 and want another game like that. I know DAI is out. I tried playing it on 360 and it was super buggy.   I want a game with no grinding, not an excessive amount of combat (I loved Final Fantasy, but I could never play any again). This is probably my main thing. I don't want combat to be a constant, really. I only want combat in parts where it makes sense. Also walking, I don't want to walk too much. Fallout was really fun, but going back it takes forever to get anywhere without fast travel.   I guess I want another DA2. To be honest, I preferred DA2 to Origins by a lot. I didn't even finish Origins, I just got bored. Maybe I'll give it another try. 
[neverwinter nights 2]	I thought about it for a while what Fantasy RPG that I was looking for.   * **Customizable NPC party members**- They could be randomly generated, or I can go online and download some created party members by other players.  These NPC party members are unique by personality and has a backstory behind them. I don't want characters that is already created by the developer, but it's okay as long as it is optional. * **Lets me customize my adventures** or I can go online and find adventures for my characters.  * **I have Lore and story complexity in a high standard.** 'Killing 10 rats' side-quest should be very story-driven. Maybe I can download player created quests online. * **No classes**, instead they are defined by the skill or school they use. This is so that I can make unique class names like Earth Shaman, Shield Defender, or Sword Saint instead of the classics like Fighter, Rogue, Wizard.   * **A personality system**- I would like to talk to my NPC party members and they have a personality like Animal Crossing. * **Gameplay and graphics can be whatever.** I expect graphics and gameplay to be in low standards due to my excessive demand. However, gameplay must meet the above requirements.   Maybe my demands are too excessive. I just want the RP right out of the game. 
[mass effect]	I love grand RPGs like Fallout, Skyrim, Dragon Age, Mass Effect, etc. but at the moment I just don't have the time to sink so much time into an experience. When I do get to play stuff, it's for an hour or two here or there, usually. Most of the time that doesn't work well with those types of games.  I'm looking for games that are shorter but still feel like they give a "complete" experience. I don't care about the genre, so long as it's a good game.  I've generally been really impressed with the Telltale games, and Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons really stood out. Is there anything else that might fit the bill?
[exile: escape from the pit, blades of exile, avernum, avernum, avernum]	I want a game that is free and large and complex in the sense that it has that has one, some or even a lot of any of these:  1 Places 2 Random options  3 People to talk to 4 Improving systems 5 Something like that   (or at least a game that you can say that it's free but as good as or better than any of these ones):  -dwarf fortress (a lot of options but it is based on losing is fun and I that concept isn't for me (especially hated tantrum spirals, but anyways only the complexity is  very fun)  -daggerfall (the dungeons are interesting because they are random complicated, and I like that but the bugs and architecture of buildings and the colors are ugly)  -morrowind: marvelous, a lot of dungeons except for 2 things: 1 it wasn't free and 2 many many people say the same things and that's boring (like in daggerfall)  -minecraft (perfect, even marvelous in everything else but it isn't free)  -the tales of maj eyal (perfect so far, still playing it)  -nethack but I hate the permanent deaths  -aydin chronicles (perfect)  -text games, there are a lot of marvelous ones ones, but I don't like to have to guess commands (at least I need symbols and commands like in "a lit room")  So what free games have I missed?
[this game]	After a long week (and it's only Thursday!) I want a game that will 'get me out of my own head' a little bit, so to speak, games that distract me by requiring my absolute attention and/or deep/complex thought, or which present a uniquely engrossing or original world or story that draws you in, so that I'm completely consumed by the game. For example, I've found myself drawn into and consumed by games like Banner Saga, for the world and story it presented, or the Swapper, for the depth of thought that its puzzles required. 
[champions online]	Hey, so over the years i've found i've had the most fun in games during the first part where you design your character...  Games like this are Eve Online (i only played to use the character creation editor to develop original characters...) The Sims, Second Life, Skyrim (and other like games)....  So my question is to you, without having to play the actual game, which games have the best character creation programs? Are there any games or software (not mentioned here) that are purely focused on character creation?  
[strategy games, know how, civ]	So my son was born about 2 weeks ago and things are settling back into place from all the excitement, letting me get a few precious hours a week to sit at my beloved computer and get some gaming in.       But now, I have to be able to hop up at the drop of a hat so my question is, can you recommend any fun games that are a bit casual, and can be stopped/paused at a moments notice. Been stuck on Orcish Inn the past few days but with a Day/Night cycle and no real pause, ive lost quite a few times from having to step away. Im open to everything and anything, although i love the management/survival/ sim building games like Banished and such. Help out a new Dad here folks! Please and thank you.
[shadow of mordor]	I today finished playing Sleeping Dogs, awesome game.  Although I saw many comparisons between it and GTA, I frankly believe its genre is much more related to Yakuza instead, although it has driving, and racing, it is nowhere central to the plot, and the driving mechanics are wonky anyway, the focus on the game is clearly the brawling (even some random "peaceful" missions, like going to a night club with a celebrity, has a brawling scene tacked in).  So, any other similar games? Better if for PC!  EDIT: I remembered what game was the first on in the genre (or the first one that is famous in the genre)  It was River City Ransom, from 1989 (fucking cool game, by the way).  Features: First, the game is a brawling game, with punches, kicks and grabbing objects (like umbrellas, tire irons, whatnot) to hit people with.  Then it does the following to make it "open world": It has many map areas (5 main "hubs" actually), you can travel freely between them (blocks in terms of enemies hard to defeat may happen though).  In some civilian areas you can beat-up random people, steal their money, wreck stuff (for example go kicking trashing cans around, or picking up objects and throwing on people) and shop... lots of shopping, there are lots of things to buy on the game, and all of them affect your combat stats in some way.  Yakuza, has all of that, but in 3D. Sleeping Dogs also has all of that in 3D, but the buying stuff is different (food give non-permanent bonuses instead, permanent bonuses come from completing missions).  Also there was some ancient games in that genre (of course not in 3D), I can think of the top of my head now "Legend of Mystical Ninja" that was very similar (it also puts platforming in the mix... all "levels" start in a "open-world-ish" area where you can buy stuff, brawl with strangers, including guards and women, although you are penalized for beating up women, play minigames, and whatnot, then when you enter the "plot-related" level the gameplay become 2D platformer + brawling until you defeat the boss).  So I am seeking for similar games of today...
[kingdoms of amalur: reckoning, break down]	The best way to explain what I want is to use the Skyrim crafting system as an example, but gameplay doesn't really matter, just the system. Rather than have to collect basic ingredients in order to craft a basic weapon with no enchantments or bonuses, I'd rather have a system where combining certain materials will determine the capabilities of that weapon, not merely the strength of that  combining Leather, Iron Ingot, and Poisonous Root will create a sword that always has a chance to inflict poison, or by replacing the root with a fire shard, always has a chance to burn.
[the secret world]	Is there any MMORPG (or MUD) out there that has no skillgate whatsoever?  Basically, an online RPG where you can level up and advance your character on your own terms? Where you don't have to worry about getting stuck or falling behind your friends and guildmates because you couldn't complete some arbitrary objective that you may have to end up doing on your own?  (Basically this means: no job quest, no proving ground, no limit break, no attunement, you don't have to go through a certain quest, boss, dungeon, etc. to advance your character, you just have to level up and buy stuff) 
[starcraft, ffa]	So i have a couple of friends, and by a couple of friends I literally mean 2 friends. (I have no friends) So we have played a wide variety of games, from CS:GO to Civilization. Any MOBA is ruled out, because we aren't MOBA people. What we want is a competitive game that we can all play, but it's a free-for-all sort of style. Something fast-paced, because my friends get bored when things aren't moving quickly(Lots of strategy games outed) If you know of a game, please do tell. Because I am open to suggestions!
[homeworld]	No matter how much i search, it seems i cannot find the game i want, it seems it doesn't exist. Before surrendering to this i'll ask the reddit community about advice.  I'm looking for an alternative to Eve Online. I'm not bothered by the fact Eve is subscription based, nor the fact it's a MMO. What i miss is the fact of being able to "Fast Forward" in game. Exploring the spaces with probes is one of my favorite things in Eve.  I've tried the X series (TC &amp; AP) but they lack some *appeal* that Eve has. Lack of **wormhole space** is one of the thing i miss. And strangely enough i find the EvE combat mechanics more fun (activation of modules in place of real aiming).  Does any game fulfill my wishes? Any suggestion for a similar experience? 
[sunset overdrive]	I'm not really sure how to describe this, but currently I'm going through a pretty rough patch mentally and I've found that I'm just not in the head space for grim aesthetics. I recently got Lords of the Fallen in a sale and can't really start it because I'm just like "Well... yay..."  So what I'm looking for is games that are perhaps a little lighter in terms of tone. Dead of Alive 5 is a good one I've just got, and Destiny is light enough in enough places that it works for me as well. Things like Mirror's Edge are probably the bastion of what I'm talking about.  I have an Xbox One and a 3DS. Thanks in advance.
[tropico]	Hello,   My father (56yr) wants to get into gaming. He has never played a video game in his life and his fine motor skills are not what they used to be.   Additionally, he is not a native english speaker and probably cannot deal with games that require a lot of reading for either story or instructions or for going through the game in general.   A PC is all I can offer him at the moment. I do have a 3DS but I dont think it will be suitable for his eyesight.  Do you have any suggestions?  Off the top of my head, I am thinking of:  * Racing games as they only require you to press GO and turn left/right * Soccer/Football of some kind (slightly more difficult) * Board games, well-known card games * Puzzle games  Thanks in advance
[the last of us]	I'm talking about the games like these:  * Dark Souls * Mass Effect Series(didn't played the 3rd one; on my wishlist for a long time) * XCom Enemy Unknown/Within * GTA4 * Shadowrun: Dragonfall  Games that makes me care about the characters.  I played a lot of games out there, but just throw some at me please. At most I will have a tons of new games on my wishlist. At least I can hear your opinions about other games and we may discuss about them.  EDIT: recommended games so far(updated 2/27/15).  * NieR Replicant(XBox360)/NieR Gestalt(PS3) * Telltale's The Walking Dead(multiplatform?) * The Last of Us(PS3/PS4) * Bioware games, in general * Dragon Age series(multiplatform) * Neverwinter Nights 2(PC) * Baldur's Gate 1/2(PC) * Planescape: Torment(PC) * GTA5(multiplatform?) * Saints Row 2/3/4(multiplatform?) * Fallout: New Vegas(multiplatform) * The Banner Saga(PC) * Wolfenstein The New Order(multiplatform) * Uncharted Series(PS3) * Hatoful Boyfriend(PC) * Persona 4(PS Vita)  Thanks for all the recommendations! Now I have quite longer wishlist than before :D
[ff3]	Looking for a JRPG, preferably on PC, but maybe 360, PS2, or WiiU that has good exploration and turn based combat with a more complex battle system. 3D worlds have a nice feel to them, but 2D isn't out of the question. If it's something where the wife can pick up another controller and play along on the 360 that would work as well. I have a backlog of finishing out another game with her and it would give me an excuse to hook up the 360 again. Controller support is a plus. I like to play WoW casually, but have grown tired of the time based button pressing and am beginning to see value in the complexity of what I've seen in some JRPGs.  I'm sure that there are modern rpgs that do the same thing. MMORPG would work as well, but I'm not aware of any that do turn based (that I can read the text) Waifu has some very small text and I just put it away after 5 minutes. I'm looking for a game that runs 16:9 and am not opposed to grabbing the PS2 from the attic. I have fond memories of Final Fantasy X but can't remember what aspect ratio it runs at. 
[jumanji]	As the title says, I'm looking for an immersive world/story. The last game to pull this off for me was the Witcher 2, which was slow but once it kicked in I was hooked. I keep trying to get into Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning, but it's not clicking. I dig 3d metroidvania-esque games like Dark Souls and the Arkham games, as well. Like I said, story/environment rich is a must. I've been grinding WoW too much lately.  Jesus that was long winded.  tl;dr: Actioney/adventurey/metroidvaniaesquey. Shooters would work too; just something immersive.
[mass effect trilogy]	My girlfriend wanted to get into gaming after only having played the Sims and a few casual mobile games in the past.  I got her started on Portal 2 (after a quick rundown of the first one) and she really enjoyed it, beat the game with very little help and we got through some of the co-op as well with her on keyboard and me on controller.  After that she tried League of Legends since it's what most of our friends play, had a bit more difficulty picking up the controls but still had a good time. Gave Torchlight 2 and Fable 3 a go, all fine.  The problem was when we decided to try BioShock Infinite, I absolutely love the story and she was really enjoying exploring New Columbia, poking into corners and just looking around. Then there was an incident with a motorized hook and somebody's face. . .  The level of gore completely put her off and despite a lot of hunting around I couldn't find a mod to disable it anywhere. I'd be really keen to hear ideas for something similar that is a bit less graphic, even if it's just an option in the menu, she said she doesn't mind having to shoot people as long as there aren't body parts flying around or blood spraying everywhere.  Most important thing is the environment, something vivid and engaging, story is also a big bonus. I don't think graphics are a major factor although she did enjoy the realism of Infinite so maybe something more recent.  Any help would be great  TL;dr: Less graphic violence, focus on story and environment. Current gen preferred, first person is a bonus.
[dungeons - the dark lord, war for the overworld]	I am not talking about the setting here, it can be pirates, lotr, space, zombies, whatever. What I want is something that lets me grow and infest everything, I am absolutely fine with watching my progress rather than playing exciting actionpacked encounters where I cant even smoke because I need to constantly do stuff.   I've always loved to abuse the various mechanics of games for that, trying to kill my enemies in c&amp;c tiberian sun simply by letting nuclear waste grow into their base until it dies on its own, spreading fire in whatever game I can, protecting the hostile space worms in master of orion while they lay eggs, watching grass grow in minecraft. I love that concept and there are not many games which include something like this. And if they do, you have to fight them most of the time instead of playing the growing virus/plant/zombieforce on your own.  Do you guys know any games where you actually get to play some kind of system of any sort that is slowly growing, consuming everything in its path? I also take suggestions for games where you have to fight something like that, but im really looking for a game where I can play something like a giant plant, a nation of insects which grow on their own, etc. Flash games are fine too.
[cities skylines, build city, know how, simcity, simcity, simcity, simcity, simcity, simcity, simcity, my city, tropico, tropico, tropico, tropico]	Hi gamers, I've been building PCs since I was 14 when I played CS:S like a full time job. Since then and especially in the last couple years I have been exploring and enjoying strategy and simulation games such as Tropic 4 &amp; 5, Civ 5 and CivBE and Kerbal Space Program. There is a new game launching that is causing a stir in the community called [Cities Skylines](https:// that is close to launch. I am thinking about buying it but I just watched [a game play video](https:// but they use zoning instead of placing buildings. I have never encountered this and it doesn't make sense to me. I mean conceptually I know how it works but how does game play function with this mechanic? How do you know how much space a building will need? Why are some buildings zoned and others have to be placed? I am used to tropico where you have extensive micro and macro level control of just about everything, is it still possible to min/max and make an efficient city? How engaging is this type of game if all you do is say this general area will have industrial buildings of the simulations choosing?? How do I connect production cycles and control the flow of traffic?  edit: Production cycles  in tropico if I want my sims to have luxury goods I either import them or build a gold mine, when the mine is staffed I build a jewelry factory and upgrade it. Once that is staffed I have locally produced luxury goods which are cheaper. (I also have to make sure there is a road connected to the driveway of each building, a garage nearby for trucks and a teamsters office somewhere in the area so the goods will be distributed)  An aside: A big draw of Tropico is every citizen is individually simulated at all times, not as as statistic ( if there is crime I can either build a police station or go find and deport the specific criminals)  (cross posting myself because this doesn't really belong in true gaming)
[demon's souls, mass effect, dark souls]	I have become bored with all of the games that I currently own on my PS3 and I want to get back into playing it. What game(s) should I get? I will play pretty much anything.   I have played: - The Last Of Us  - Payday 2  - All of the Arkham Games  - Both Kingdom Hearts HD Remixes  - The Sly Cooper games  - the LEGO games  - Sports friends  - The Saints Row series  - the GTA series  - Dead Space  - Deadpool  - Battlefield 3 &amp; 4  - Heavy Rain  - Tomb Raider  - Borderlands series  - Sleeping Dogs  - Watch_Dogs  - Minecraft  - Assassin's Creed series  - Lollipop Chainsaw  - Elder Scrolls series  - Dragon Age Series  - Portal and Portal 2  - The Telltale games  - Fallout  - A couple Spider-Man games, but neither of The Amazing Spider-Man games  - Fallout         
[civilization 4, civ 4]	Hey everyone,  I'm looking for a game similar to The Settlers I guess. I used to play that game back in the day and loved the parts where I was building my town and looking at it etc. The combat was fun too but the most gratifying part was giving 'guidance'.  I'm looking for a grander game, with the ability to build multiple cities, trade between them etc. But without the necessity of world politics, and the focus on troop movements etc.  Do you guys know of a game where I can live out my dream of building a massive thriving kingdom with beautiful buildings that I can actually view?  Edit: Decided to give Anno 1404 a go, looks really promising actually. Thanks for the suggestion!  Civ is a bit too strategical for me.
[star wars]	I'm looking for an online MMORPG in which I can solo through all or almost all of the content, or at least until the endgame.   All MMOs I've played so far lets you solo for like 30% of the content at least, then it starts to give you trouble and you have to start looking for groups to do quests, go to some leveling areas and such.   I think the ideal thing for me would be able to solo through almost everything until I reach or am near the level cap, then the group-based content would be raids or parties to fight enemies to get top tier equipment or fighting other players on PvP modes.  The game that felt like it got the closest to what I'm looking for was Path of Exile, but I had too much lag and kept getting disconnected, so it killed my motivation to keep playing it.
[planescape torment , thomas was alone, the banner saga , system shock 2, wolfenstein, antichamber, bioshock 1]	Not sure if I can explain this well, but I'm looking into some artistic games. Not the ones where you do nothing but walk around in first person like Dear Esther or Proteus. They'd have to be creative in how they play in ways that they are inseparable from the entire experience. When a game tells a story, it should be through play instead of cutscenes. Visuals and music are also important, since they are major parts of what I interact with.  Games I have that fit this are...  * FEZ * Transistor * Journey * ICO * Shadow of the Colossus * Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons * Superbrothers EP: Sword &amp; Sworcery  I'm thinking of getting Monument Valley. What else should I look into?  I have a PS2, PS3, Wii, PC, Vita TV, and iPhone  **EDIT: I realized I should've asked for a minimalistic and atmospheric game instead, given most of the responses I received here. I was hoping the list of games I described would've given everyone a good idea of what I was thinking of.**
[tactics ogre: let us cling together, game of thrones]	One of the reasons I love final fantasy tactics was the story and the combat system.  But having played other games with the combat system, I find it's missing something.  I finally realized I really loved the story more.  It had a diverse set of characters, and the plot line was amazing in terms of the politics, the back stabbing, the betrayal, etc.  The story didn't pull a lot of punches.    Wondering if there are any games you guys/gals can recommend.  I like a good story, so hoping to find a game that has a similar type of story.  Doesn't have to be the same settings as FF Tactics.  Thanks! 
[pcs]	There are several open world games, that try a bit to have a world, but the world is still about you, for example the "Bully" game by rockstar, although it has lots of random fights, the ordelies only chase you (the player) for truancy or curfew violations, also clearly everyone spawn and despawn around you.  I remember once playing Privateer Remake, and I was amazed when I was just doing my shit on a base, and suddenly a WHOLE FLEET of enemies showed up, and prompted to attempt to kill the base where I was docked, I undocked, and the enemies... ignored me, the base + its forces and the enemy fleet capital ships + its forces kept shooting at each other, and as the capital ship and base started to get damaged, I tried to help the base side, and noticed how futile it was, my little ship would never put a dent on the fleet capital ships, neither repair tools could repair the base.  So, what other games are out there that remember the player that the game is NOT about the player? (bonus if the game is in a genre with battles, it has large battles that the player cannot really influence... I read there are some Elder Scrolls mods for this, where you can bump into 50 vs 50 soldier battles)  Also even better if the world can change due to NPC actions (example: The Port Royale games, where although the player can be quite effective, wars can be waged between countries without the player participation, and change who owns what, also in the same games NPCs are free to build and demolish stuff).
[cs:s, tf2]	I've been really into League lately so I'm on a bit of a competitive kick. Are there any games (other than CS, TF2, and Insurgency) that you guys would recommend? The issue I have with the games listed above is that I feel like I'm so far behind (playtime and knowledge-wise) that there's no point of even getting into them because I'll just get dumpstered by people who've been playing for years. Progression is something I love, as well as some sort of overall ranking system (kinda like League). I know I'm probably looking for a game that doesn't exist, but it doesn't hurt to ask. Thanks.
[path of exile, leader board, diablo]	My friends and I have burned out on our current MMO fix, and we're looking for something new.  A full price game and a monthly subscription are not out of the question. We're all PC gamers and have rigs that can handle, at the least, Bioshock Infinite at 1080p max while pulling a 60FPS unless there's a million billion things going on, then it drops to like 40. That's my rig. I have the least powerful rig of us four.  Torchlight II and Diablo 3 are being considered, and I'm looking at Gauntlet and Hammerwatch. Replay value, and the ability to keep coming back are key. Grinding is fine, but horizontal progression would really suck.  Ideally we'd want a game with a very high exp or skill tree cap, with mobs that scale with you. Randomly generated dungeons and loot is also a plus. Something you can clock four digit hours into.  Any suggestions?
[shadow of mordor]	A little background on my set up. I have two 970's in SLI but I've been mainly playing older titles because I can run them at 144hz.  I'm looking for recommendations on any good single player PC games released in the last few years. They don't have to be old though.   These are some of the games I've recently played if it helps.  * Alice Madness Returns * DMC: Devil May Cry * Prototype 2 * Deus Ex Human Revolution * Portal 2 * Alien Isolation (Pretty new but runs beautifully. I'm just too big of a pussy to finish it.) * Tomb Raider (Probably my favorite from this list) * Saint's Row III and IV * Dishonored * Spec Ops: The Line 
[fallout 3]	Bard, shaman, demonologist, theurgist, sage, hit me up with anything.  If it's a major roguelike, I've played it. If it's a MMORPG, or online only, I won't bother playing it. If it's a somewhat commonly known diablo clone, I've played it. If it's a D&amp;D game, I've played it. If it's a Wizardry or Might &amp; Magic game, I've played it (though it turns out from grimrock i don't enjoy first person dungeon crawling by itself) Also played Final Fantasy tactics.  A game with trinity classes but you can also play as rogue/fighter and fighter/mage is still just a game with trinity classes.  I prefer classes to classless systems.
[an awesome game, factorio]	Most games I'm familiar with (aside from RPGs) completely ignore the issue of keeping your troops supplied. Food, ammo, gear, it's all just assumed to exist, or else is dealt with really casually. At best, you get something like in StarCraft where you have to build supply depots to provide abstract "supply," but nobody ever goes to the supply depot to drop off or pick up supplies.  In reality, they say something like: amateurs study tactics, professionals study strategy, but **masters** study *logistics.* It's the most important aspect of war; without supplies, you can't do any of the rest of it.  **So, are there any strategy games that really focus on logistics (but still have combat)?** I'd like to be able to do something like send supply units to replenish combat units, and have to protect the supply units from attack; or choose between different methods (air/land/sea, or different vehicles, or something) to best suit the situation.
[fallout 3]	Hey Friends! I played another playthrough on Deus Ex: HR and it kinda left a hole to fill since I am running out of good games.   I played Dishonored, Thief, Vampire The Masquerade, the original Deus Ex, Mass Effect and so on. I love this games to the heart but i think its time for something new.  So do you have any modern day suggestions with a good, deep and maybe somewhat dark story. I dont care if its stealth, shooter, or whatever as long as its good :)  Oh and yes: PC only since i wont have a console for a month.  Thanks!   EDIT: I really appreciate that you want to help me but I am really looking for a modern day game :3 I Love the witcher and TES tho ;D
[hitman, hitman, hitman]	Been playing some Blood Money, loving how open ended it is and the multiple ways you can kill your targets is hilarious. (I just got one of my targets killed by the guys protecting him LOL) Anyone know other games like this? I know there's Assassin's Creed but c'mon, but well.... compared to most stealth games being spotted isn't that much of a drawback, in the Arkham series if you get spotted by multiple guys with rifles, you're not gonna beat them without losing at least 90% of your health, in Hitman, unless you've got some decently upgraded weapons you can easily be overwhelmed, AC? Just climb a roof and duck into some hay.
[path of exile, diablo]	We've played a lot of stuff over the last 3 years, now we just want something that's fun to play (good replay value) and isn't extremely complicated. Here's some of the games we've played: Minecraft 7 Days To Die The Repopulation Savage Lands Skyrim Batman (series) Borderlands (not much replay for us) Left 4 Dead 1/2 Tera ESO Warframe Civ 5 Dark Souls 2  We both like lots of different types, but we just need something we can play together that doesn't take all day (unless we have all day to waste).  I'm looking at Dreadnought and Fortnite with hope, Evolve we lost hope in because of DLC (dumb)  Truth be told I think a decent MMO would be good, but we hate how the endgame is Raiding and the elitist community that lives in most mmos there. We like crafting, PvE, and instancing together. Co-Oping with others is fine too.   Thanks all
[eve online]	So me and a few people were talking yesterday about the what people wanted in an MMORPG over  here: http://  And I began to think well why don't we create an actual poll or survey! So what is your ideal features in the ideal mmorpg? Take this poll real quick and let me know:  http://  If there is more questions I should add let me know below.   Also if anyone is interested in helping build an mmorpg that is based on the communities standard join in on the discussion on facebook:  https://  &lt;pm me if you want an  join  And last but not least; What MMORPG did you find had the most success when it came to features you wanted? and also; if you had to mix several MMORPGS, what would they be?  Me personally I would love to have the class system of FLYFF, the job professions of Runescape or Fantasy life or even Skyrim, but I want the flexibility of Archeage , the lore of LOTRO, the gameplay of TERA, and the dynamic world of Guild Wars.
[paper airplane]	I have been struggling with moderate to severe depression for over the past two years. But only in the past six months or so have I really started to lose interest in games - and everything for that matter.  I feel like I have just gotten used to spending my nights not doing anything; not even trying. Perhaps maybe I can still find joy in gaming, as there is one game that is keeping my interest right now (Monster Hunter 4).  I've been told that I may also be developing ADD, by my psychiatrist. I think that may definitely be playing a part in why I can't hold interest in games.  I guess I shouldn't have said I'm losing interest in EVERYTHING; there are still a few things that I find enjoyment from. Mainly hanging out with my friends, and also going to my board gaming group every week. It's when I'm alone at home that I find myself stuck in a hole.  I need something to do when I'm done of classes and schoolwork for the day. I'm losing my mind when I'm not able to go out and socialize with my friends. Games have always been the thing that I would get enjoyment from when I had nothing else to do.  Right now, the only game that has even remotely held my interest is Monster Hunter 4 for the 3DS. I'm not sure exactly why. Maybe it's the fact that it is actively engaging, with lots of action.  Growing up, I have always been a fan of RPGs and MMORPGs, and I mostly only played those. I have played very few action games. Now, I feel myself becoming bored with MMORPGs and any RPGs with slow, turn-based combat, or a lot of grinding. I don't want to give them up, but no matter how hard I try, I can't stay interested in them. I find leveling to be boring as hell, and the traditional slow hotkey-based combat to make it even more boring (WoW, FFXIV, etc).  RPGs have become more difficult for me to enjoy as well, unless they have a heavy action element to them. I have recently bought Dragon Age: Inquisition, but have not yet played it because I've discovered that your world state in the game is different depending on what you've done in the past two games. So I gave Dragon Age Origins another shot; I figured I should finish at least that before playing Inquisition.  The problem with Dragon Age is that it plays, combat wise, much like an MMO. Hotkey, auto-attack, etc. The story is interesting, but the combat makes me fall asleep.  I am especially irritated, because I used to love MMOs and RPGs. I still want to. Am I doing something wrong?  The main problem I have with almost all games is simply sticking with one or two at a time. I always jump around from game to game. What can I do to make myself stick to one or two at a time?  The games I've played in the past year that I've really enjoyed:  * Dishonored (finished) **[I *really* liked this game. It was the last game I remember really, really enjoying. I finished it about a year ago.]** * Papers, Please * Deus Ex: Human Revolution * Dota 2 (quit because of the toxic community and the stress it caused me) * SMITE * XCOM (strangely) * Hearthstone  the platforms I have:  * PC (a laptop, mid-range at best) * PS3 * PS2 * 3DS * DS * PSP
[kerbal space program]	Huzzah, for tomorrow I have the whole day off!  After gymming it in the AM, I'm going to have a full day of PC gaming.  I have some thoughts... I'm mostly feeling a sandbox game that you "build up from nothing"  1) Mount and Blade Warband: vikings  Terrible reviews on steam, but all them seem to be stemming from reliability issues.  I've played enough of the vanilla one and want something else.  2)  Star Sector (aka star farer)  Read some good reviews on somethingawful, so I might get it.  Really feeling the fun combat, but also the "Freelancer" light feel.  3)  ?  I can finish my game of Inquisition, but after 65 hours over the last three months its kinda boring.   4)  Elite:Dangerous?  I can buy it... but reviews say that the world is pretty... stale?  Thoughts?  5)? Anything else you guys may recommend?
[europa universalis, crusader kings 2, hearts of iron 3, endless legend, medieval 2, total war, asc, asc]	Removed from /r/games, so I'll post here.  Back in the day he was first in line for SNES, Myst, Warcraft and the like. Today he told me that he missed the mental challenge a video game could give you. Specifically he mentioned Zelda and the strategy games used to have. He's been a long time fan of sudoku and Cut the Rope on his iPad. What sparked his interest was reading an article in the Wall Street Journal about the benefits of strategy games. Whether it's all nostalgia or not, I'd still like to help him out.  Multiplayer has zero interest to him, as well as nothing super complicated to start with. My steam library doesn't have anything I think would interest him, so I'm hoping you guys have some recommendations. I've glanced over [](http://, but have heard they target more of the female gaming population and I'm not sure why that is.  So here's kind of what the "requirements" would be:  * Mac/browser compatible.  * Strategy oriented.  * No competitive multiplayer, although if I could play with him that would be a plus.  * Friendly for someone who hasn't played video games in twentyish years.  * Cost is not an issue so long as it's worth it.  I'll answer any questions or give more details if you need it. Thanks guys.  Because of his interest in Zelda, a 2D adventure game with puzzles like Zelda might do really well. As long as I can lower the difficulty enough for him to not get frustrated at the start.
[out there]	hey all,  I recently made a comment on someone elses post about how all I really want in a game is a large, open universe that I can explore at will and kill stuff. A user commented and suggested Elite: Dangerous. I took a quick look at the website, and it seems pretty promising, but most of them do until they are not. Being that it is online only, I cannot download it and try it to see if I like it before I purchase it. Can anyone give me their opinions on this game? What is the gameplay like/similar to? Can you fly into/onto all planets and explore in any way? Is the game solely played from within the space ship or can you get out? Are the planets at all unique from the others, or are they just constant replications of one another? I'd love for it to be what it looks like it can be! Thanks all, everyone's thoughts and opinions are definitely appreciated.
[guild wars 2, teamspeak]	I feel like this is an oddly specific request, but I'll try to make it as broad as possible.   I'm looking for a game that is mainly focused on clan or alliance gameplay. Or one that you have to interact with a community a lot.   I don't mind if it's f2p or paid. Just not p2w f2p games. :)   Any type of game is fine. MMO, Strategy, FPS, etc. I don't really care about graphics either.   As a side note/bonus, a game with territory ownership that clans can fight over would be awesome. I mostly want to be part of a group that works together in a game toward a specific goal.   Feel free to suggest any games you feel meet the above criteria and thanks!   EDIT: PvP games are also preferable. Not really into PvE focused games, though I will consider them!
[kirby's epic yarn, portal 2]	Hey Guys,   My girlfriend is a gaming noob but tries very hard to understand my passion about gaming.   I play mostly ego shooters on my pc which are not very friendly for someone like my girlfriend. I'm searching for a story driven coop game that doesn't require a lot of skill with mouse and keyboard and/ or controller.   I currently own a modern pc, wii and a xbox 360.   Can someone recommend me some games that we could enjoy together and spend some evenings playing together?  Did you play games together with you girlfriend that worked well?   Thanks for your help! 
[assassin's creed, alien isolation, velvet assassin, tomb raider, hitman, lucius]	So... I've been on a stealth game kick lately. I played through Batman: Arkham City and Arkham Origins in about a week. I need a new stealth game, so lay 'em on me!    I have Velvet Assassin that I must have gotten a while ago when it was *super* cheap. Is it worth it?   Stealth games I currently own are:   * Arkham City and Arkham Origins (I played the crap out of Arkham Asylum on Xbox)   * Styx: Master of Shadows,   * Deus Ex and Deus Ex: HR,   * Dishonored,   * Assassin's Creed 1-3, plus Brotherhood and Revelations,   * Hitman: Absolution,  * Monaco  * Stealth Bastard Deluxe  * Thief 1,2, and 3  * Mark of the Ninja  Aaaand that's about it. I really love the stealth systems in Arkham Origins/City/Asylum.
[metal gear solid]	As the title says I am looking for a new game to re-ignite my passion in gaming - I have been busy with work/life in general over the past few months and am wanting to get back into my gaming hobby. I usually prefer single-player games with engaging stories and varied combat  **Favorites (Games &amp; Series) in No Particular Order:**  1. Deus Ex 2. Mass Effect 3. Dragon Age 4. Dark Souls 5. The Witcher 6. System Shock 2 7. XenoBlade: Chronicles 8. Dishonored 9. Bioshock 10. Final Fantasy (Pre-13)  Thanks Reddit!  **Edit:** Thought I would list all games I have played below from my gaming log -   Anachronox Asphalt: Urban GT Assassin's Creed: 1 Assassin's Creed: 2 Assassin's Creed: 4 A Story About My Uncle Bastion Batman: Arkham Origins Battlefield: 3 Battlefield: 4 Bioshock: 1 Bioshock: 2 Bioshock: Infinite Blacklight: Retribution Borderlands 2 Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons Call of Duty: Black Ops Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 Call of Duty: World at War Castlevania: 1 Castlevania: Dawn of Sorrow Castlevania: Lords of Shadow Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2 Castlevania: Mirror of Fate Castlevania: Order of Ecclesia Castlevania: Portrait of Ruin Castlevania: Symphony of the Night Child of Light Chrono Trigger Civilization: 5 Crysis: 1 Dark Souls: 1 Dark Souls: 2 Darksiders: 1 Darksiders: 2 Dead Space: 1 Dead Space: 2 Deus Ex: 1 Deus Ex: Human Revolution Diablo: 2 Diablo: 3 Dishonored: 1 Divinity: Original Sin DMC Devil May Cry Donkey Kong: 2 Dota: 2 Dragon Age: 1 Dragon Age: 2 Dragon Age: 3 Dragonball Z: 1 Dragonball Z: 2 Elder Scrolls: Skyrim Eternal Darkness: Requiem Fallout: New Vegas Far Cry: 3 Far Cry: 4 Final Fantasy: 1 Final Fantasy: 10 Final Fantasy: 12 Final Fantasy: 13 Final Fantasy: 2 Final Fantasy: 3 Final Fantasy: 4 Final Fantasy: 5 Final Fantasy: 6 Final Fantasy: 7 Final Fantasy: 9 Galaga Gauntlet: 2014 Gex Guild Wars 2 Halo: 1 Halo: 3 Halo: Reach Harry Potter: 1 Harry Potter: 2 Harry Potter: 3 Hawken Hitman: Absolution Jurassic Park: Lost World Just Cause: 2 Kid Icarus: Uprising Killer Instinct Kingdom Hearts: 1 Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning Kirby: The Amazing Mirror League of Legends Lords of the Fallen Madden: 2004 Madden: 2005 Magicka Mario &amp; Luigi Super Star Saga Mario Kart: DS Mario Party: 2 Mario Party: 3 Mass Effect: 1 Mass Effect: 2 Mass Effect: 3 Meteos Metro: Last Light Metroid: 1 Metroid: Fusion Metroid: Prime Metroid: Prime 2 Metroid: Prime 3 Metroid: Prime Hunters Metroid: Super Metroid: Zero Mission MineCraft Mirror's Edge Pac-Man Path of Exile Pay Day: 2 PlanetSide: 2 Pokemon: Blue Pokemon: Emerald Pokemon: FireRed Pokemon: HeartGold Pokemon: Y Pokemon: Yellow Portal: 1 Portal: 2 Red Faction: 2 Resident Evil: 4 Resident Evil: 5 Shadow of the Colossus  Shadow Run: Dragonfall Shadow Warrior Sniper Elite: 2 Sonic Advance: 1 Sonic Advance: 2 Splinter Cell Conviction Star Wars: Bounty Hunter Star Wars: Episode 1 Star Wars: Episode 3 Star Wars: Episode 4 Star Wars: Jedi Knight 2 Star Wars: Podracer Star Wars: The Force Unleashed Star Wars: The Old Republic Starcraft: 1 Starcraft: 2 Super Mario World: 1 Super Mario World: 2 Super Mario: 3D Land Super Mario: 64 DS Super Smash Brothers: 1 Super Smash Brothers: 2 Super Smash Brothers: 3 System Shock: 2 The Stanley Parable Thief: 2014 Time Crisis: 1 Time Crisis: 2 Time Crisis: 3 TimeSplitters: 3 TitanFall Tomb Raider Toxikk Transistor Tribes: 2 Tribes: Ascend Trine: 2 Turok: 360 Turok: Evolution Unreal Tournament: 3 Vampire The Masquerade: Bloodlines Vanishing of Ethan Carter Watch Dogs Witcher: 2 Witcher: 3 Wolfenstein: The New Order XCOM: Enemy Unknowm Xenoblade: Chronicles Zelda: 1 Zelda: 2 Zelda: Link between Worlds Zelda: Link to the Past Zelda: Majora's Mask Zelda: Minish Cap Zelda: Ocarina of Time Zelda: Oracle of Ages Zelda: Oracle of Seasons Zelda: Skyward Sword Zelda: Twilight Princess Zelda: Windwaker   
[battleblock theater]	My girlfriend is slowly but surely getting interested in games. We play a lot of single player PC games and switch off between playing and watching the other play. There are a few games that we play together using xbox controllers which I really enjoy doing.   Last night, we tried out Trine 2. We both really like the gameplay but the graphics are too intense. My computer struggles to run it and it is difficult for my girlfriend (who again is a new gamer) to keep track of what's going on.   Can you recommend games that have similar game play (side scrolling / pizzle type games) but with less intense graphics?  Thanks in advance! 
[arma 3, dayz, dayz]	Out of these three early access open world survival games which one would you recommend?  The biggest thing I would like to know is how active are the devs? Which game looks like it has the most potential?   Any info on these games are very much appreciated.  I love games like DayZ, H1Z1, Stranded Deep and The Forest but I'm looking for something new to try out.  Thanks /r/gamingsuggestions!  Edit: If anyone has any suggestions other than the three games I listed please feel free to throw it out there and tell me what you like about it.
[guild wars 2]	Hello everyone, how you doing?  I'm looking for some RPG and especially MMORPG recommendations where i could play as an Illusion magic user    I would like to be able playing a class or a character that focuses on creating illusions of any type to distract and destroy the enemies. I would enjoy being able to create magical illusions with a will of their own that can tank and deal damage for my character, while also being able to control them, having the illusions imitate some of my character's attacks or being able to consume/explode them for restoring health/mana and dealing damage     I know that Aion, Rift and Tera are free and good MMORPG games, but i wonder if there is any "Illusionist" class    The game that currently fits those criteria at the moment is Marvel Heroes, playing as Loki (the god of mischief) Here is a video that demonstrates how that character plays:  http://     I generally don't enjoy playing a "pet class", but i'm interested in playing a "pet class" that has their "pets" being magical illusions that imitate the character attacks    Hope you guys have some ideas for me, thank you!
[dragon age inquisition, the witcher]	To make a long story short, I've been reading a tabletop RPG rule book (Dresden Files RPG, if you're curious) and due to various circumstances, I doubt I'll actually get to play it any time soon, if ever. But it's given me the urge to play an RPG. Not necessarily a tabletop-based video game, but something closer to than than, say, Final Fantasy or Elder Scrolls.  **What I like:**  - Good character progression with choices as to how my character grows in power (beyond "you're level 5, here's a bigger fireball, the end")  - Good visuals; I like blowing shit up with magic or having my weapon swings look and feel powerful. None of that NES-Final-Fantasy "my character swings their sword in the air, enemy target 10 feet away flinches and damage numbers appear" stuff.  - Deep combat mechanics; I like dealing with status effects, weaknesses/resistances, things like flanking or ambushes (if it's got a tactical combat system), variety of weapons that actually do different things, and lots of different magic/magick/psi/whatever to add to the strategy of combat. Super bonus points if it has a Divinity-style "I cast lightning at this puddle to electrify it" combos.  **What I don't care about:**  - Story doesn't need to be amazing. Obviously a terrible cliched story with bad characters and whatnot is a detriment, but I won't be offended if I see a plot twist coming.  - Solo character or party-based combat, either one's fine. As far as party members go, as long as my main character is completely customizeable (at least as far as class/stats/skills/spells/progression; I'm ok with my character already having a name and/or look), I'm fine with either pre-set party members or fully customized ones.  - Turn-based or real-time combat, either is fine. If it's turn-based, though, I'd prefer more tactical tabletop-style hex/grid/whatever combat to FF-style two-sided combat.  - Linear vs open world. FF13 run-down-hallways linear is a bit of a turnoff, but I don't need it to be Skyrim-level go-anywhere-at-the-start open either.   - I don't mind if it's an MMO. That said, I've played all the big ones, I'm currently still playing WoW, most free-to-play MMOs are decent at best, and I'd rather not have to invest a ton of time getting to the fun parts of the game.  - Setting. I prefer standard fantasy, but other settings (sci-fi, modern, cyberpunk, steampunk, etc) are all okay too.  **What I don't like:**  - Really old games. I'm aware of Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights, etc, and I appreciate that they were great games and still are to some people, but they haven't aged well for me. A clunky interface, extremely dated game mechanics, and 15-year-old graphics and sound are a turnoff.  - Tons of text. I don't mind reading, I don't even mind if there's no voice acting, but I don't want to have to read walls of text or consult a quest journal every two minutes to figure out where to go or what I'm doing. I'm not saying I want waypoints and reminders for everything - I just want my character's obstacles to be enemies and puzzles, not maps and journals.  - Heavy roguelikes element - randomly generated maps, permadeath, super-heavy RNG  **What I've already played:**  - Divinity: Original Sin (LOVE IT, but I've played it to death) - Baldur's Gate, Dungeon Siege, couple other old games (see above) - KOTOR (one of the few "older" games that did age well for me), also played SWTOR - Mass Effect trilogy - Torchlight 1/2, Diablo 2/3, Path of Exile - Dark Souls 1/2 - Dragon Age: Origins (never touched 2, how's 3?) - Various MMOs, including but not limited to: WoW, EQ/EQ2, Rift, Aion, Neverwinter, SWTOR, FF14. Played ESO beta, didn't care for it at all  Yeah... like I said, I'm picky. Toss suggestions out and let's see if one sticks! 
[roller coaster tycoon, hero of the kingdom, adventure games, the sims, simcity]	My mom has been really wanting to look for a game she can play recently and I've been struggling to help her. She doesn't play many video games but she doesn't seem to want something like candy crush or peggle or anything like that she's looking for an adventure game with very little to no violence. She has looked at bigfish games and she doesn't like the hidden object games. She recently bought hero of the kingdom one and two and absolutely loved those games as they were adventure games and had little combat. I would really appreciate any postings as I want to help her find something but I'm unfamiliar with what she's looking for Thanks in advance! 
[harvest moon 64, the sims]	Lately, I have been in the mood for a sim life game like Animal Crossing. Although I have New Leaf, one thing that bugs me is there is no friendship/relationship progression. I also have tomodachi life, but I don't find it fun (no actual control of my character).  I want a casual life sim game that preferably has relationship/friendship. I have never played a Harvest Moon game, but that seems like what I am looking for, anything simular? I also heard good things about Fantasy Life. Any input would be appreciated.
[south park: the stick of truth, far cry 3, far cry 3, far cry 4]	Honestly , I am a bit bored some days when it comes to gaming. There just hasn't been "that game" within recent time. Most of the games I was counting on Flopped immediately at launch. (Watchdogs , unity etc). I am a bit interested with the current ubisoft sale on steam. Thinking about maybe Far cry 4 or south park. any input on those games would be appreciated. Of course , I am open to suggestion on what to play at the moment. I'll make a brief list of some of my all time fav games to give you an idea of what I like.   - Halo  - Rayman Legends  - Max Payne  - Splinter Cell  - The last of us  - Counter Strike  - Bioshock infinte  - Shenmue 2
[dark souls]	Hello!  Well I've played the heck out of PlanetSide 2 and Robocraft recently, and I use to get my sword wielding fix from DAoC. I'm looking for something with graphics comparable to... say Mount and Blade or Skyrim, even 2 years or more prior to Skyrim's engine would be fine as that is a gorgeous game.  My must have pre-requisites: I can wield a melee weapon. Preferably in 3rd person. Decent graphics. No side-scroll 'pixel art'. The engine must require 3D graphics cards, lol. Melee Combat. No subscription fee (this rules out ESO...)  Preferable requisites: RPG -esque. Not J-RPG-esque. I'm talking an RPG like Two Worlds II. Not Dragon Age Origins. Sorry, single player was boring and multiplayer was AMAZING for 15 hours. 3 maps. Really?!?! Jebus. If I could find a game like Dragon Age Origins Multiplayer, that would be amazing.  I'm down to play a single-player RPG. It's just got to have a decent story ( skyrim).     THESE GAMES I HAVE ALREADY PLAYED: I've played Mount and Blade. And all of its mods (Warband). War of Roses. Age of Chivalry. Chivalry Meideival Warfare. Skyrim. Dragon Age Origins. LOTRO. SWTOR. KOTOR, 1, 2. Guild Wars 2. ______________________  Okay I think I got it all out. Thank you for your suggestions. Just bought Battlefield 4 for $10, hopefully it's good in the mean time.
[cube 2: sauerbraten, ffa]	So I help run an afterschool program for underprivileged kids aged 8-18, but I do most of my work with 8-12 year olds, and lately I've been having LAN parties with some of them, and they LOVE it. I'm using old hardware that I managed to save from the clutches of a very slow Win7 installation. I've got '06-'07 era (I'm guessing) Fujitsu Lifebooks on hand. Lots of them. They're all running the current version of Ubermix, which is a version of Ubuntu.   So my big question is, what age-appropriate, free, LAN-capable and ultra-low-spec Ubuntu-compatible games are available to me? It's a fairly small set of games out there, and mostly I've been running Armagetron Advanced with the younger kids and OpenArena (with blood turned off) for my teens. 
[baten kaitos, baten kaitos, card hunter, etherlords, etherlords, card game, card game, pox nora, duelyst, mtg]	Hi All,  The last time [a similar question](http:// was asked was a year ago. Prominent suggestions included: Baten Kaitos, Scrolls, Lost Kingdoms, RUSE, Card Hunter, and Etherlords.   I'm really looking for somethig like Metal Gear AC!D for PSP - a grid-based tactics game, like X-Com or FF Tactics or Fire Emblem, but with a card collecting and/or deck-building aspect to combat. Any suggestions other than the ones named above, or any endorsements of those suggestions?  Thanks!
[atlantis, talos, myst]	I'm ~30 and I've been a gamer all my life, so Imagine my absolute delight when my ~55yo dad has decided to get back into gaming after a ~15 year break. I've already started putting together a small list, which includes  * The Stanley Parable * Gone Home * Dear Esther * The Portal Series  But I'm hoping for anything out there that's more robust or prettier - I know he'd love to take advantage of the advancements in graphics technology. It's surprisingly hard to research these kinds of games on Steam since there's not really a well defined genre for them. Walking-Simulators like Gone Home are pretty close to what I'm looking for, but It would be nice if they had a little more challenge.   Anyone played Ethan Carter or Talos Principle yet? Any feelings? Would they fit this mold?  Looking for suggestions for iOS or Mac/PC   Thanks in advance for any help!
[sleeping dogs]	I've played through Black Flag, AW, Injustice (if that even counts), Watchdogs, and Shadow of Mordor. I can't even finish Far Cry 4 or Unity. I pre-ordered evolve, forgot about it, and it looks like I'm glad I didn't waste shelling out $60 for a shitty game. 1886 isn't looking good from the reviews either.    I'll admit, I'm going to sound a little picky. I want something with depth. I almost don't even care if the gameplay sucks at this point. I want something long, hard, and thick (that's what she said) with substance. One of my downfalls is I haven't played the prequels to todays games, like the witcher, GTA, Dragon age, etc. Is there any hope left? Or should I stick with the mindless cheap side scrollers that aren't all that bad but are short/farmville knock-offs? 
[mass effect 3]	Hey guys, recently I'm at a loss for games and was looking for suggestions. I really like Co-op survival sort of games like CoD:Zombies and the Nazi Zombie Army trilogy (also a big fan of WW2 games). I've played Warframe, PAYDAY 1&amp;2, NZA, and loads of other game sof this type. Other things I like are sword-fighting, zombie killing, and any shooters.  Thanks for the help!  Things I don't want: Walking simulators (DayZ), older games or games with bad graphics (doesn't have to be perfect but bad graphics kill a game imo), or games that cost absurd amounts of money. Besides that, anywhere up to around $30 (maybe a bit mroe depending on the game) are fine.
[crusader kings ii, british isles, total war]	Hello everyone,   I have probably logged more hours in Civilization V than any other game in my Steam library.   However at this point I'm beginning to wish for a game with a bit more political depth. I love the game, but I wish there was more to the ruling and policy aspects.   I'm aware that there are many other simulation/strategy games out there that have very in-depth political systems. However, I find that many of these are really hard for me to break into and outside of the politics simulation tend to lack in other areas of gameplay. I have tried Crusader Kings and enjoyed it, but found myself overwhelmed and baffled by it.  Any recommendations? 
[anno 2070, simcity, tropico, eco]	So everyone is really excited about Cities: Skyline, and it seems like every other post is about it right now. Im sure it's a great game and I'm tempted to buy it, but I've never really played city building games. What would be the best introductory game to get into city builders? It doesn't have to be recent or have amazing graphics, but something that has some complexity and interest. I've been playing strategy games lately, and I realized that the combat is my least favorite part. I would much rather build my civilization to prosperity and skip the war and battle aspect of the 4X's. What are your favorites?
[rayman origins]	I was at the games shop today with my boyfriend and he wanted to find games we could enjoy together on his new Xbox one but none were appealing at all, and all the games he seems to play are loud, violent or tacticle, and challenging. I prefer my games to be more relaxing. I play Skyrim a lot but it offers more than just fighting, the story is fun and gives you a real feel of choice. Even then I sometimes get frustrated and have to take a break.    I'm going to try Dragon Age inquisition soon but I'm not super sure on the multi-character/strategy.  For reference the games I used to play with my friends and brother were super smash brothers, Mario kart, jazz jackrabbit, I'll add more if I remember.
[xcom: enemy unknown]	Hey All! I've been looking for a game on PC that captures all my favourite parts of FE in a game on PC. I had asked on r/shouldIbuythisgame but my concern wasn't really addressed, so figured I'd ask here.   My favourite things about the series are the simple rule set that results in a lot of depth and, the interesting class progression and a story that I can follow.   In my search I think that the best fit is the King's Bounty series, because the base management of games like HoMM and AOW3, although adding lots of depth, makes the game too complex for my taste.   Anyway, opinions welcome. Thanks!  EDIT: for those who stumble upon this thread later &amp; those who want to know what I've decided currently: I honestly think that Battle for Wesnoth is the closest thing to FE on PC. The look, story, systems and all around feel has a great FE vibe about it. Not to knock against the other games listed, they're all fantastic, but for me Battle for Wesnoth really knocks it out of the park. Thanks again!
[baldur's gate, kotor]	So I recently caved and decided to grab Dragon Age: Inquisition, against my gut feeling that I wouldn't like it. And it turned out to be a bad choice, in short I really didn't like it and after the second one hurt me bad I haven't really found any RPG's I enjoy lately, they all seem to be action games which if that is your thing is fine, but that just isn't my type. I am looking for something in the realm of KOTOR I &amp; II/Dragon Age: Origins. Party based, strategic combat, character classes and creation. Anything I might have missed?
[company of heroes]	Hello reddit,  A group of friends and myself (Normally 3 - 5 of us) are searching for a co-op game where you have clearly defined roles within a squad/team.  We play a lot of pro clubs on Fifa (where you each control a single player). Subsequent to our enjoyment - we've each concluded that what we truly enjoy, is mastering specific roles whilst developing relationships/understanding with others in the team. This feeling is pretty much our criteria.  We are thinking of picking up a game such as Artemis, but we have reservations with regards to longevity and repetitiveness. Anybody with experience?  WoW was another option, but we don't have enough players. Anything similar?  Feel free to make any suggestions. **No shooters** though, please.
[heroes of might and magic, legend of kyrandia, realms of arkania, prince of persia, adventure games, the last of us, hand of fate, the dark eye, king's quest, dawn of war, tomb raider, drakensang, for glory, discworld, fix it, dmc]	I have played a lot of games during my life. Now I can't find something I like: Steam seems to suggest only FPS games.  Would you mind sharing your suggestion for me, based on those games I loved?  Thanks  **Games that I loved**  * Fallout 3 * Fallout New vegas * The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim, Obilivion &amp; morrowind * Deus Ex: Human Revolution * Half Life 1, 2 * Star Wars: Knight of the old Republic * Dragon Age: 1, 2, 3 * Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines  * Portal, Portal 2 * Baldur's Gate I &amp; II * Neverwinter Nights I &amp; II * Icewind Dale 1 &amp; 2 * The stanley Parable * Papers, Please * Monkey Island1 &amp; 2 * The Walking Dead (Telltale) * The Dig * Indiana Jones and the Last crusade * Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis * Simon the Sorcerer 1 &amp; 2 * Quest for Glory, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 * Command &amp; Conquer (various) * The Legend Of Zelda * The Legend Of Zelda A link to the past * The Legend Of Zelda A link between worlds * The Vanishing of Ethan Carter * Blade Runner * Jade Empire * Final Fantasy VIII * Minecraft * Sherlock Holmes: Crime &amp; Punishment  **Nice games, played &amp; finished, but not masterpieces to me**  * Mass Effect 1, 2, 3 * Bioshock 1,2 (and Infinite) * Civilization IV &amp; V * Rage * Fable * Gothic 1, 2, 3 &amp; 4 * Diablo * Starcraft 1 &amp; 2 * Monkey Island 3 &amp; 4 * Tales from Moneky Island * King's Quest, whole serie * Sam &amp; Max Hit The road and tellatale series * Full Throttle * Sanitarium * Broken Sword 1,2,3,4,5 * Syberia 1,2 * Farenheit * Deponia (serie) * The longest Journey * The Cave * Space Quest serie * Myst * Banished * Machinarium * Tropico V * The witcher 1 (I hate 2) * Max Payne 1 &amp; 2 * Mortal Kombat 1,2 etc * Street Fighter etc * Day of the Tentacle * Sherlock Holmes (old point and click and all frogware series) * Grim Fandango * Vampire the masquerade: redemption * Don't Starve * Eschalon 1,2,3 * Ultima VIII, Underworld * Divinity (saga) * System Shock 2 *  * Warcraft (serie) * World of Warcraft * Amnesia * Final Fantasy (serie up to VII) * Bravely Default * Two Worlds II * Dark Messiah of Might and Magic  * Shadowrun * Planescape: Torment * Dishonored  **Kind of games I hate**  * Any "pure" FPS (like Call of Duty, Team Fortress, MW3...) * Any racing game * Any platform * GTA, Destiny, Cod, Batman
[civ]	Recently I've found myself setting aside time to play computer games, but enjoying my music too much to stop and play them.  I'm therefore looking for games I can play whilst listening to music.  So far I have   ----Cities Skylines = Great but I've played ~20hrs and need to do something else for a bit  ----Mini-Metro = "  ----Football Manager/OOTP/Franchise Hockey Manager = Same as above but read 1000 hrs              I'd be interested to hear what other ideas people have for games where the sound doesn't matter
[get out]	Hey guys, I'm in quite the pickle here! I have such a strong urge to play games all day and when I finally get home from school or whatever I sit down in front of my computer and I just blank. I have over 200 games on steam and (as usual) I have only played a fraction of them. My urge to play is still there but when I look through the list I never really want to play anything. I can occasionally play Insurgency but it has gotten boring. I tried modding Skyrim and Oblivion but that only lasted a week or two. If anyone has any tips for me it would be greatly appreciated! I love playing shooters and open world games. Thanks in advance!
[path of exile, diablo 2]	I've played MMO's going all the way back to UO, the most recent being WOW - I quit that a few years ago, but the itch has returned. I'm thinking maybe FF14?  I played a ton of Destiny and loved it when it came out, but got super bored after the xpac when I realized I had already done everything there was to do. Since then, I've been playing a lot of Blizz games (Diablo RoS, Hearthstone, HotS) but nothing has managed to keep me entertained for more than a week.  I want a game that I can play for at least a month or two without getting bored. If I weren't completely burnt out on FF11, I'd even go back to that. Part of what I really loved in FF11 was the difficulty - I like completing difficult quests and challenging content, but for rewards worth getting - *glaring at Destiny.*  I want something semi-grindy, difficult but not ridiculous. RPG, Action RPG, FPS w/ RPGish elements even - I'm not picky about that. Another few of my favorite games are Final Fantasy Tactics, Vagrant Story, Diablo 2, Phoenix Wright, the Mass Effect series.  Thanks for any help you guys can provide! 
[devil survivor 2: record breaker, etrian odyssey, overclocked, smt, smt, smt]	I played Etrian Odyssey 3 back in the day and enjoyed it, until the difficulty combined with grinding got to be a bit too much (I think I could handle it better now though). When the new 3DS came out the first game I bought was Shin Megami Tensei IV and I love it, especially collecting demons and the fusion system. Now I'm looking for something in the same vein but the Atlus library is pretty convoluted.  A lot of people rave about Persona, but the fact it takes place in a high school and the massive amounts of chibi art I'm seeing online make me suspect the plot's going to be too annoying- I like my RPGs grim and serious. The combat system for Conception 2 (which is on sale) sounds interesting. But again high school and the web site calling it "A story about bonds you form with seven girls" make it sound like the wrong kind of anime for me. Does anyone have insight to what kind of plot these have?  There are other series or subseries I'd also play (Devil Survivor/Summoner?), but the number of sequels and alternate versions make the whole thing pretty daunting.
[the wolf among us]	I like watching games where I can just sit back and almost treat it as a movie.  Can you suggest some games with a lot of voice acting (and hopefully a good story)?  Some games that I enjoyed would be Life is Strange, Heavy Rain, and telltale games like the Walking Dead.  They don't have to be that genre, but it's easier to follow along with the whole story when the gameplay is watchable, unlike most games where the cutscenes are fun to watch but the fight scenes are quite boring if you aren't playing.  But feel free to suggest anything and I'll see if I like it.
[cookie clicker]	So, lately I've been wanting to get a new single player game to play, and I want to try a game where I can get infinitely powerful. For example, with Diablo III, there is no limit to how many levels you can get to give your character more stat points. Or with League of Legends, sometimes I will make a custom game with bots so I can play veigar or nasus or another infinitely scaling champ and see how strong I can get.          Are there other games out there that are similar, where your character can get as strong as you want if you put the time in?
[the legend of heroes: trails in the sky]	About a week ago I decided to start playing Dragon Quest 8. It was a fun experience so far, but I got annoyed at how it stops you from progressing and basically forces you to grind because the enemies are too strong and decided to ditch it. I loved how the early Squaresoft games were made - absolutely no grinding was ever required from you and just killing enemies and bosses in your way always put you at the right level to seamlessly progress to the next part of the story. Any games you can recommend for me? I'd prefer the less obvious/known ones, if possible. As for the gameplay, I'd also prefer something along the lines of early Squaresoft RPGs, with a simple, traditional, turn-based combat system.  I don't have any consoles, so the game must be something I can relatively flawlessly run on PC, either natively or by emulation.  I've already played (apart from Dragon Quest 8 mentioned in the title):  * Chrono Trigger * Chrono Cross * FF 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9
[great deal, tera]	Hi.  I never really got into any MMO, even if I tried a lot of them. The problem I have with MMOs is that no matter how the game is sold, I find that I always end up doing the same things to kill monsters (usually being using my spell in their general direction, without much more). I mean, a bot could do this equally better than me, it's not rewarding.  Is there a MMO out there where your level and your stuff are not the only parameters for your output efficiency?  Also, some might say that casting spells at the right moment on the right targets is a skill, which I don't deny, but it's just a skill that does not interest me. I'm more looking for some technical skill, spacing, precision, and if possible in a game that doesn't have the lag-ish feel most of the MMOs I've played have.  Thanks in advance!
[medieval 2]	Hey Guys,  I'm an RTS lover that somehow missed the boat on the Total War series. After watching videos/reviews on Total War: Attila, I finally understand the concept and want to dive in. I'm annoyed at myself that I ignored this series for so long. However, reading the reviews and feedback on this game, it leads me to believe it is not the best in the series.   Looking at other reviews/videos some of the other games in the series had rough releases with bugs and AI issues. Rome: Total War seems to be the only game that's universally praised. Have the rough releases been smoothed over since release? Or would Rome: Total War still be the best place to start? 
[the banner saga]	Hello! When I was younger, I played [Heroes of Might and Magic: Quest for the DragonBone Staff](http:// This game was a remake of the original King's Bounty, and got me started on the genre. I'm generally dissatisfied with the state of the King's Bounty series right now, because it feels like the new releases have little to no effort put into them. It feels like the games are being released out of necessity, and not because they're finished. The quest dialogue is boring, the tasks are repetitive, and the games lack the life they used to have.  Are there any games like it, outside of the now-Ubisoft Might &amp; Magic series?
[paper mario ]	Trying to peg down the games my girlfriend enjoys. And was hoping for recommendations for her (and myself).  She's really enjoying playing South Park: The Stick of Truth and enjoys the combat system. Additionally, she played Flower and Journey up until the more dark and scary sections. She dislikes dying and restarting.  In terms of RPGs, she's told me she likes the combat system in The Stick of Truth and would like to try something similar. I've tried to get her to play FF10 (as I think she'd enjoy the storyline the most, and there graphics are fairly good), but she got about an hour or so into it before losing interest. She's an avid reader, but doesn't like reading text and navigating menus in games.  We have a PS3, Wii, N64, Dreamcast, and a recent windows laptop lacking a fancy GFX card (she prefers consoles). Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated!
[divinity: original sin]	Or multiplayer dungeon crawlers, not like diablo or path of exile though. Like Chronotrigger, Darkest Dungeon, maybe even final fantasy. Mainly strategy RPG games instead of realtime RPG games.  Edit: FTL Faster than light is a good example for solo play since it's mainly tactic based fighting.  Edit2: Multiplayer as in coop or head-to-head, both are more fun than playing alone  EDIT3: found some real oldschool stuff that is really fun for anyone else looking for multiplayer RPGs. [HEAVY](http:// ON THE [ROLE PLAY](http://!
[modern warfare 2, call of duty 4]	Hey... looking up games that can be played in a LAN only (ie no steam connection or whatever DRM) and can be modded easily - maps and skins. First person games. It has to be off steam etc as it has to be played totally within company firewalls etc. Ideally I would like it if I could set up some interaction between the avatar inside the game being able to do something that affects the real world. I would like a game as it is already set up as a game - there is stuff to do like defend a flag or scrag other players.  Everything seems to be connected to steam these days :(  Which usually would be totally fine. But not in this case.
[little inferno]	When I played Age of Empires II, I used to put the IA very easy and limit myself to build my empire quietly, creating farms and watching my population work. I found Euro Truck Simulator very entertaining, because there's no way you can lose if you do things right. I'm that kind of person that tends to shut down the game every time he loses. I like very easy, casual games like The Sims. I was a Cookie Clicker addict. I play FIFA in the easiest levels and Dirt just for the sake of driving right. I hate not knowing what to do next, so I don't like RPGs. I like brainless, thought cleaning games.   What can you recommend me?  
[dark souls]	I play exclusively on PC.  Games I have already played:  * Skyrim * Oblivion * Some of Morrowind * Deus Ex Human Revolution * Most of Deus Ex 1 * Far Cry 4 * Fallout 3  I'm not too bothered about Graphics, but it shouldn't look any worse than Morrowind/Deus Ex. Controls/combat should feel good and responsive though (unlike morrowind).  Not too bothered about genre either, but a good story would be nice.   I'm looking for something I can spend hours on, either because of replayability or just the amount of content/difficulty.
[van helsing]	I'm looking for a new game to play at work (I have a lot of time just sitting around not doing much) and I'm thinking something along the lines of TL2/Diablo. I loved TL2 and ran with synergies mod as well - the issue I have is I prefer to play with other people as it makes it feel more interesting to me. I can barely find any MP games up in TL2 anymore.  The obvious suggestions are Diablo 3 and Path of Exile - I have played D3 to death and tried PoE but it didn't really 'grab' me as D3/TL2 did. Are there any others I am unaware of (really prefer if there is an active online community to play with others)?  
[eve online]	Like a few others, I'm also looking for a game to keep in the background while I do other things. However, they tend to mostly recommend Euro Truck or something like that.   I'm looking for something I can hop in and out, maybe in 30 second bursts. Preferably, I'll hop back in a couple of minutes later, and I'll see something has happened while I was gone.   I tried one of the many cookie clicker clones before, but they didn't really cut it. It felt like something I'd enjoy, but it felt too simple.   I'm guessing a sandbox, simulation, or strategy game might fit the bill.   On the technical side, windowed mode is a must. Waiting 2-3 seconds to switch to a fullscreen app kind of defeats the purpose.   Thanks for getting this far guys!    **TL;DR** Want game that almost plays itself with minimal input. Something with a bit more depth than a cookie clicker clone.
[pillars of eternity]	Hi. I'm having that RPG itch again. I'm looking for some thing fun to play.  The Elderscrolls Series. Divinity Original Sin Wasteland 2 (never finished it though, it never sort of 'bit' me ya know?) Fallout Series Deus ex. Vtm Masquerade.  Dishonored. Baldurs Gate Neverwinter Nights  I also like JRPG's Final fantasy 11 The Final fantasy tactics series. Persona series (though they did get grindy for me) The Front Mission Series. Disgaea 4 (only one ive played in that series)  If any one has any suggestions it would be much appreciated. I mostly play PC games, but have access to older consoles, a DS but not 3ds, and a ps3 as well. 
[the book of unwritten tales, the whispered world, adventure games, the dark eye, syberia, talos]	Hello, the game market is saturated by games with a lot of violence and action and I am already sick of it so  I would like to play some athmospheric games without fights, without conflicts, just pure adventure. I played Gone Home and Esther, Portal 2. Or games that are soaked with atmosphere like Resident Evil 1, , games where you are alone and you don't really have to fight that much. I am open to suggestions of even more obscure games like Sanitarium.  Platform PC and/or PS1/PS2.  Some of the games I played:  - Resident series - Stalker series - fatal frame series - silent hill series - shadow of the colossus - bioshock series ( minus Infinite) - Limbo, Esther, Gone Home,    I should probably look into adventure games then? But I am a total newbie in that topic. What would you recommend recent or even old.
[shin megami tensei: strange journey, might and magic vi, ultima underworld, dungeon explorer, fighting fantasy, the dark spire, mazes of fate , hack 'n' slash, hack 'n' slash, hack 'n' slash]	I'm hoping to find a game that follows the footsteps of MM&amp;/8, in that it follows a turn based strategy with cRPG style character management, with 3d movements and multiple monsters on the screen at a time.  I've tried (and enjoyed) MMX legacy, but it just doesn't scratch the itch that games like MM8 and Wizardy 8 did.  I've also tried Legend of Grimrock, but I'm not a fan of the movement gimmicks in the game(strike, sidestep, strike, etc).  Any suggestions would be awesome!  Edit: I have PC, 3ds, Vita, and Ipad as available systems.
[fallout 3, fallout 3, break it]	I have a pretty wide range of taste in video games. But while I wouldn't call some of these my favorite these were my favorite experiences: more recently Prince of Persia (2008), Remember Me, Mirror's Edge, I'm probably forgetting a few from recent years, but then Zelda (Like all of them), Indigo Prophecy (Fahrenheit), Fable...  I guess without listing every game in the world what I'm looking for is sort of an action/adventure possibly RPG game with an either good to great story. I'm just so god damn burnt out playing destiny. Any suggestions would be great? I love skyrim but already played it.
[planetside 2]	I play a weird variety of games, but I am looking for something new to play on PC. I love shooters (especially multiplayer) but am looking for something new. I enjoyed the first part of playing Tom Clancy's "Free to play" Phantoms, and I like BF3, and Payday 2, but I feel like I'm missing something in them. I like the idea of tactical shooters (which is why at first I enjoyed Phantoms) but I don't know where to go next.  What I'd like to see is something: 1) That is a shooter 2) That has some amount of tactics to it 3) That I don't NEED to have friends who already play to enjoy OR that I can make friends in game to play with  4) That I can pick up and learn relatively quickly as somebody who already plays some shooters. I have TF2 and CS:GO but they aren't really what I'm going for.  Thanks for any suggestions!
[pick up]	I spent college playing Diablo 2, Civilization 4, and Star Wars: Battlefront 2 with my roommate. Eight years later, neither of us have the time to devote to a game like Diablo 3 (though we certainly tried), and can't manage the marathon sessions for a game like Civ 5.   Can anyone recommend a game that's good to just sort of pick up and play online with a friend for a few hours every now and then that doesn't require a huge commitment? We're not a big fan of arena type FPS games, and aren't eager to grind anything.  Thanks.
[the stanley parable, thomas was alone, this war of mine, office building, my friends]	Me and some colleagues from other research groups are hosting a study day (afternoon) about gaming, and we wanted to have a short game fair for our non-gaming colleagues to dispel some of the myths around gaming (it's all just meaningless shooters, it's antisocial, it's for kids, ...).  So I'm looking for games that showcase that diversity, but are, at the same time, easy to pick up in a few minutes.  Some examples we already have in mind are: Papers, Please; Wii Sports; Scribblenauts, Heavy Rain, Portal 2  What games would you guys suggest? We have PC's, previous-gen consoles, and an oculus.
[fallout new vegas, path of exile, orange box, bioshock 2, fallout 3, warframe, diablo 2, diablo 3, loadout, tf2]	Good afternoon /r/gamingsuggestions;  The last time I played any PC Games it was right at the turn of the millennium.  Starcraft, Diablo 2, Quake 3 Arena, Unreal Tournament, Return to Castle Wolfenstein and World of Warcraft (Vanilla).    I only started dabbling with gaming again a couple years ago with PS3 and tried Skyrim, Red Dead Redemption and the like.  I never could get fully emerged in those games for one reason or another.    Fast forward to this month, I am putting together a new PC and decided to pump it up so I can try some newer games and see if I can get re-engaged in PC gaming.    Just wanted to know what /r/gamingsuggestions could recommend for a gaming-geezer like me to bring me back into the fold of pc gaming?  Thanks  
[deadly premonition, kingdom hearts 2]	PS+ may possibly offer some appealing stuff to extend how long I keep the console for by the time I'm done with this list but as far as I'm concerned I'll probably be done with my PS3 once I've got to the end of this backlog.  And perhaps i could reach the end quicker with your help, I'd like to know which you think are worth skipping/playing or other general thoughts on them: - Alpha Protocol - Binary Domain - Crysis trilogy (especially would like to know your opinions on the campaigns) - Darksiders 1 &amp; 2 - Deadly Premonition (director's cut) - Kingdom Hearts  remix (haven't played the other KH games) - Singularity - The Darkness 1 &amp; 2 - The Silent Hill HD collection (have heard it's a bad port but missed out on the games back then so would love to experience, just want to know if the experience on the PS3 is worth it) - Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Future Soldier
[the banner saga]	I apologize for my shitty title, so I'll expand on what I'm looking for.   Recently watched the FFXV Duscae demo and the conversations/chats and comraderie that the characters had reminded me of my times playing games like Mass Effect, Persona 4, NBA 2K and Saints Row 4. All these games are pretty different from each other but playing them I had very similar moments of "Nice shot Garrus!" and "Hit dat 3 Westbrook!"   So I guess I'm not really looking for games based on gameplay, but more for creating a sense of care or camaraderie with your teammates that you spend time with. I've got a pc, wii u, and 3DS, and a 360 that I prefer not to play on but it won't be the end of the world if you suggest games for it.   I'm open to all genres RPG, Action, Sports, doesn't matter I enjoy all shapes and sizes. I've been looking into some of the Tales of games, and DA: Inquisition. Thanks in advance!  
[heroes of the storm, lol, lol, lol]	Here's what I love about those games listed:  * I'm playing with and against real human beings. * There's a clear objective to the game. * There's lots of things to learn, so I can play the game for years and keep getting better * Strategy and teamwork is more important than having lightning reflexes of a 8 year-old boy * Large community so the game isn't going to die in 2 months.  The only thing I dislike about LOL is that the games takes so damn long. Are there shorter games that finishes in 20 minutes or less? Thanks in advance! 
[this game, dex]	Hey all.  I am looking for a game with a diverse selection of unique builds.  Preferable turn based or arpg but I could be convinced to try something else.  I play Diablo 3, Path of Exile, FTL, Dungeons of Dredmore, LoL and Dota 2.  These type of games where you craft your characters around items and builds to create an interesting play style is what i have been looking for.  I am also an avid magic and hearthstone player so it could be a card based game as well.  I generally game on the PC and Android and any suggestions you might have I would love.  Thanks!
[mirror's edge]	I recently completed the story in Dying Light, and I'm now working through the side quests and challenges, but when I'm done... I need something else to play. Dying Light was one of the most fun games I played, and it gave me terrible nightmares for the first week (I'm 26 lol) ... but I couldn't help myself! :)  My usual games are CS:GO, DiRT 3, Fifa 15 and FM 15... so Dying Light was something different for me, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I hadn't played something similar since Resident Evil on a PS2 probably.  Sooo..... Does anyone have anything to recommend for me on the back of this? I've been toying with the idea of Assassins Creed, Far Cry and Civ. Although the general consensus on CIV is that it will eat up all your time and ruin your life so I'm unsure, haha!
[freedom planet, shovel knight, mirror's edge, dustforce, rayman]	I'm relatively new to PC gaming, and was looking for some games. I don't really like first-person games that much at all, except maybe something like Minecraft but that too because of the world-building aspect of the game (even then I tend to go third-person).  The PC library of games is ridiculously huge. I wanted to know if there are some cool 3D/ platformer games for PC. I love the platform game genre and I can't seem to find any great ones for PC. I'm sure there are games in this genre, but they have sub-genres and are hard to choose from.  I like mostly any third person games for that matter, even if they edge on the RPG/adventure side (what's not to love!) and even if they are shooters at their core as well, as long as it's third person. I also like stealth games as well.  Some games I already have:- Super Meat Boy (got it a day ago, not disappointed at all, it's amazing); Sonic Generations (if there are any more Sonic games like this for PC, that'd be swell); Batman: Arkham Origins, Asylum, City (waiting for Knight, but are there any other games like this? Stealth+action?); Skyrim (any other great RPGs like this?!); GTA Vice City, San Andreas (is GTA IV worth getting or should I just wait for GTA V?)  My rig is gaming ready, it has a GTX 750Ti and an overclocked Intel Pentium.  Thanks!
[dragon age 2, lol]	Hi,  I am looking(as you have probably already gathered by reading the title) for an RPG. I really want to find an RPG where I can lose myself in the world and character off rather than in the story. Games having a story isn't really the issue, I'm just not looking for one that completely relies on it.   Age isn't really a factor, and neither is perspective (I am open to 3d/2D/Isometric). Not really a grafics guy either, for me aestetics&gt;grafical fidelity any-day. I am hoping you guys can suggest something where I can spend a lot of time refining a characters(or party's) stats/skills/gear.   
[runescape]	Here's a bit of a background: I have a powerful laptop (core i7 @ , 12GB RAM, 4GB video  nice stuff) but it had some motherboard issues and I had to send it to tech support. Since my laptop is imported, it's gonna take at least around 20 days until I get a new motherboard and have my laptop again.   I *really* don't want to sound like a snob jerk, but when you get used to machines that powerful (my previous laptop wasn't as powerful but was above average too), you kinda lose sense of what could run in which machine, since you kinda stop worrying about it anymore.   **Now to the point**: Here are my current specs. I am using my mom's laptop since mine is in tech support:  - Processor: Intel Core i5-4200U @  - RAM Memory: 6GB - No dedicated video card: Integrated  video memory   I'm pretty sure I can't play anything too fancy, and since almost all MMOs nowadays have nice enough graphics to require at least a dedicated video card, I'm a bit lost here.
[south park: the stick of truth, the stanley parable, little inferno, shadow warrior, saints row, portal 2]	By 'funny' I don't mean games that offer laughs because of some moments in the gameplay. For example, games which are laughably bad in terms of their horror/drama aspects, or games like Smash Bros. where you get a laugh when someone dies for a dumb reason or something. No, I mean games that are intentionally scripted to be funny and/or satirical. Or games with some really quirky dialogue/characters/situations. The most obvious example I can think of is the game EarthBound for the SNES.  Weirdly enough, I can't really find a lot of games like these, as most games are made with a serious tone in mind. It's not often when a game has so many quirks in its characters and tone/setting.  The games themselves don't have to be all that great in their gameplay, but if the humor works, mention it.  Thanks!
[minecraft]	These kids really enjoy watching my play games but I'm having trouble thinking of any they'd really find enjoyable.       Their favorite game probably has to be Far Cry 3 &amp; 4 and I think it mostly has to do with the wild animals and random fun events that come from it.      Another type of games they enjoy are more light hearted stories with little dialogue like Brothers: A tale of two sons &amp; Ori and the Blind Forest.       So really I want open world, animals or light hearted stories.   Any suggestions?   Anything else entirely is also welcome if you think they'd enjoy it.       **Edit:** PC btw
[the sims: medieval]	I'm looking for a game where you get to live large. I've really liked some of the castle mods for Skyrim, the ship in Mass Effect, Grande Iguana in Black Flag and even the houses and trophies in Fable 2 were nice but I want something where the large living is the center of the gameplay. Preferably something where the individual rooms have both aesthetic and function, and aren't just unlocks on a table.  Something like The Guild 2: Renaissance, if the game had actually worked.   Can anyone suggest a game where you get to have your castle and live in it too? 
[shadow warrior, duke nukem 3d, game on]	I work from home, and my company gave me a really powerful Windows 8 ThinkPad X1 Carbon laptop. I'm eventually going to build a gaming PC, but I'm wondering if there are any good games I can play on this device without administrative rights.  Thanks to the power of the Ninite bundle, I actually already have Steam and VirtualBox installed. Unfortunately, VirtualBox is unable to really run many intense games and Steam asks for escalated rights whenever I try to launch a game that's been downloaded.  Any ideas for games I can play without admin rights? I especially like FPS games.  Edit: I gave in and just bought all the parts to build a gaming PC. Shipping now!
[pillars of eternity]	The past few years I've been playing mostly league of legends. Most other games haven't been able to catch my attention long enough to pry me away from League but I can feel I'm at a tipping point. I just watched a review of the new Pillar's of Eternity game and it made me want to play something that I could get completely pulled into. It doesn't have to be any specific genre of game, I just want a game with a deep story or a deep level system or anything of the likes that I can spend the next few weeks forgetting about my life while playing. I've already played Dark Souls, Fallout, Elder Scrolls, and many of the other Popular games that could be held to this standard of engrossment, so something new would be appreciated. 
[rambo]	Played Battlefield 4 recently since I got it when bought new computer parts. Anyhow, what I look for is something you can go Rambo, not having to babysit a squad or having to pay attention to their talking and honestly, this game was so "guided" that there wasn't much actual combat.   Some years ago I've played Medal of Honor and that was the last "war" game I've played since I became tired of having to retry some mission because stoopid AI getting killed.   Saw some CoD Ghosts gameplay and that doesn't seem to improve much from Battlefield.   Must say that I can't play online due to work/life stuff that won't let me stay for more than 20 continued minutes of playing having to answer whatever call I get so I look for single player games.  Thanks! 
[fallout 3]	I love RPGs. Even the various sub-genres like tactical RPGs and action RPGs. Though usually between JRPGs and WRPGs, I almost always stuck with JRPGs. WRPGs in general usually turned me off with their uncanny visuals. I'm giving the genre another chance though, since some time has passed. I recently started a new playthough of The Witcher 2, though I hate the combat system that I switched to Easy to avoid its poor attempts at a "tactical challenge". Anyone else know what other games I should play that might win me over to enjoy WRPGs more?  Criteria  * Should be playable with a controller. If it requires keyboard &amp; mouse, I'd rather it'd be as simple as a point n' click.  * Visuals that don't look outdated and uncanny. Whenever I look at the old school cRPGs, the visuals and UI hurt my eyes an awful lot. But the character/backgrounds and the interface bother me alot.  * Offers narrative choices that affect the story.  * Personalized characters in customization options, story choices, or both.  * Gameplay that's either tactical or action-oriented.  * Playable on PC or PS3  RPGs that I've played and enjoyed, so that you have a reference for my previous taste in the genre. I've played much, much more than this, but I figured these are closely related to WRPGs one way or another regardless as to whether they're classified as such.  * Dark Souls * Transistor * The Banner Saga * Tactics Ogre: Let Us Cling Together * Vagrant Story * Persona 4 * Dragon's Dogma * Final Fantasy I-III (these were the closest to being D&amp;D inspired games than the rest of the series) * Final Fantasy XII (this one felt more westernized and feels like a singleplayer MMO due to exploration and combat)  Thinking of getting these games, though other suggestions are fine. It's rather limited, but that's to be expected from soneone who hasn't found enough of his favorite WRPGs yet.  * Dragon Age: Inquisition * The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt  These are the ones I'd rather avoid.  * Kingdoms of Amalur. As good as the action is, everything else falls flat. * Pretty much any Bethesda RPG. Especially Skirm. The graphics and gameplay feel too poor for me to even care about the narrative. * Old school cRPGs. As I said before, I don't like the visuals and UI for the older games. So even though Planetscape Torment is considered to be one of the best, it still follows the issues that I have a hard time ignore.  Any suggesitons? Also I'm not sure whether or not if Dragon Age Origins would be worth going into because it looks like an uncanny eye-sore and PC version can't use the controller, but I hear people praise it as one of the best.
[torchlight 2]	Five dudes looking for a game to play. Normally we play League of Legends together, but we're sorta looking for something with more substance than that. We've set a few guidelines for what works for us, and hopefully, with your help, we'll be able to find something.  * No MMOs * No more MOBAs  * Must be cheap or free * No pay-to-win * Must be able to be ran on a cheapy laptop (Runs LoL at about 30ish fps) * Early Access is not preferred, but will go for it if it's interesting enough and also not completely borked 
[star ocean till the end of time]	Hey guys, I am searching a new game to play, because I feel that for the last year(s), I was playing the same stuff over and over again (mostly games without an end like sports games or simulations). So I hope you can help me with this one :)  I am looking for  * a 3D RPG/JRPG * mindblowing story * real time fights * anime style (optional, but I felt these always had the best stories; feel free to prove me wrong ;) )   the PC. I also own a PS1 and PS2, but would prefer more recent games.  Thanks :)   EDIT: Everyone, thanks for the suggested games! I guess for the next months, the only daylight I will see is through the windows of my office :P
[wasteland 2]	I recently have been playing Two Worlds 2, and I must say: I am in love with this game. I'm not only in love with the graphics and game mechanics, but the immersive atmosphere it creates. The first portion of the game takes place in a desert environment, and after playing through it I realized how much I love the whole "middle-eastern" twist to to the environment and atmosphere. Can anyone suggest any game that would give me a similar experience?  EDIT: Thanks for the suggestions! I decided to play though AC1, Shadows Heretic Kingdoms, and Wasteland 2, and Quest for Glory!
[the witcher, the witcher, bloodborne, bloodborne]	The Witcher series and the Souls series are two of my favourite series. I want to buy a PS4 for Bloodborne, but there are very few other exclusive games right now that interest me and I have a hard time justifying a near $500 purchase for just one game.   With my PC I can use high-Max settings for nearly every game and I get 30-60 FPS no problem but my computer doesn't even make the minimum requirements for The Witcher 3.   I was thinking of waiting to upgrade my PC later down the road and just purchasing a PS4 to play The Witcher 3 and Bloodborne with. My only concern is that The Witcher 3 port of the PS4 may not be all that great compared to it's PC counterpart.  Alternatively I could wait for a PS4 price drop to play Bloodborne and just upgrade my PC right now to play The Witcher 3 on PC. My only problem with this is I really want to play Bloodborne and I am not sure if there is anything new on the horizon for PC hardware and upgrading now might put me behind the times in a few months. Also, upgrading my PC would be about $250-$300 more expensive than buying a PS4 (i5, 970, LGA1150 mobo) I'm Canadian keep in mind so everything is a bit pricier up here.   I don't have any really specific question just looking for a few suggestions maybe on what you guys would do, maybe there are articles out there I've missed about upcoming PC hardware or how The Witcher 3 runs on the PS4. Maybe a souls fan could tell me if Bloodborne is worth buy a PS4 for.  It's a real first world problem I know but any help would be appreciated. Thanks!
[saints row 4, saints row 3]	I'm looking for a game to play, and I'm wondering if any of the glorious people here can suggest one. Right now, I'm split between open world/western RPGs (Skyrim, Fallout NV, Burnout Paradise, Far Cry 3, and Borderlands 2) and Classic based Indie games. (Binding of Isaac; Rebirth, Super Meat Boy, Shovel Knight,) with a few oddities mixed in. (Portal, Civ V, Starbound, and DMC: Devil May Cry), so I was wondering if someone could suggest a game for me to play. Keep in mind, I Have no where near a beast of a machine. It plays the games I have pretty well, but it's a... Toshiba Satellite c55. I know it's not a great machine but It's the best one I've ever had and I love it. I named it RoadToElDorado. So some suggestions would be welcome. Thanks.
[mass effect]	I'm looking for a game of any genre, really. A game that will be immersive enough to captivate me for days, an interesting story that will make me look further into it and get involved in it. An example of this is Half-Life and Half-Life 2, or Bioshock and Infinite. Not necessarily a shooter, maybe even some RPG elements being thrown in it.   I've played many of the must-play games and series. I've played Psychonauts, Red Dead Redemption, Portal 1&amp;2,The Elder Scrolls, Assassins Creed, Arkham Series, Borderlands, Diablo, Crysis, and many others, but I'm looking for something along those lines. A game I just can't wait to get back into on a lazy day, with a story and definitely a 'ride' from start to finish. 
[pillars of eternity]	So a bit of background. I used to play Runescape, I have put hundreds, very possbily thousands of hours into it. Recently, it just has not been my cup of tea. I also play lots of League of Legends, which I am not sick of but I would like something else to play when my friends are not on.   So I would say I'm looking for a decent game that doesn't necessarily have an end. I have tried out Path Of Exile but personally, I did not think it was that fun. Maybe MMORPG/MMO style or a game like League with online match elements to it.    I have heard good things about Eve Online but would like some more suggestions! Thanks!  Edit: I should mention some games i have tried and played before. Civ 5, Call of Duty, DOTA2, Mass Effect 3
[south park: the stick of truth, akiba's trip, senran]	I have PS3, PS4 and XB1.  Bully is my favourite game of all time. I hope there's a sequel some day and for now am interested in playing something set in school. I have not played the Persona series but really look forward to playing Persona 5.  Not sure it's worth buying the Vita just for P4: Golden alone (not much else interests me on the device) and figured it would probably be unwise to play Arena or Ultimax on PS3 without Arena played P4.  I'm digging Life is Strange so far.  What other good games are there set in high school or, at the very least, in which you play as a student?
[guild wars 2]	I'm looking for a simple MMO with a good community like the title says. Simple so no DF/EVE-like complexity or complex market/interface like in Warframe. I've tried MOBAs and like the formula but have yet to find one with a decent community so I don't think that's what I'm looking for. CS:GO casual has a community similar to what I'm looking for but there was a lack of a "friend" system (Or I couldn't find it) I enjoyed AQ Worlds (Old browser game) before the big patch. Anyway a good, hopefully cheap (&lt;$30) online multiplayer game with a good community would be great if anyone can point me towards one
[the walking dead]	Persona 3 FES is an experience, every time I play it (and watch it, both in LP and movie form). The characters are **extremely** well written in their story arcs, to the point that I get burnt out fairly quickly, odd as that may sound. I haven't been this invested in a game for a long time. Any games that might evoke a similar feeling? Preferably an RPG of some sort, if PS2 something light to emulate. Please don't suggest Persona 4, I actually don't really like that game.  Been on the fence about Fire Emblem Awakening, and apparently the characters are similarly well written there.
[kirby super star ultra , assassins creed, chrono trigger, trauma center, ghost trick, twewy, dq9]	I want to get back into handheld gaming, so I'm saving up for a 3DS. Well, technically a 2DS because I like to save money and don't really care for the 3D effect anyway.  While I have a clear idea on which 3DS games I want to get, such as Persona Q and Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate, I want to go back to DS games as well. Possibly ones that I missed the first time around.  Usually I like quirky, story-driven Japanese games. While I mainly enjoy action and RPG, I can enjoy other genres too. 2D or pixel art is preferred, unless the polygons are backed up by interesting aesthetics/animation.  DS games I remember playing...  * The World Ends With You * Final Fantasy III * Final Fantasy IV * Castlevania: Dawn of Sorrow * Castlevania: Portrait of Ruin * Castlevania: Order of Ecclesia * Assassin's Creed II: Discovery  * Trauma Center (the damn hand cramps haunt my memory)  DS games I'm thinking of getting...  * 999 * Flower, Sun, and Rain * Aliens: Infestation * Final Fantasy 4 Heroes of Light * Final Fantasy Tactics A2 * Phoenix Wright * Professor Layton * Ghost Trick  Anything else I should look into once I get back into handheld gaming?
[crusader kings 2, you will die]	Now I'm not sure if this is the place to ask but hopefully someone here can help me. Now I am a big fan of the Total War series and own Rome 2 and Medieval 2 and I thoroughly enjoy both games for their own reasons and one thing I have always loved is the diplomacy/politics side of things. Essentially what I am asking/trying to find out is, are there other games out there that focuses mainly on the political sides of things? A game (medieval preferable) that may better represent/give more personality and enticement to politics and make it more engaging. Now I know this may seem a bit weird and I'm not sure I've phrased my question all that well, but if anyone could give me a hand or any suggestions that would be greatly appreciated :D
[metro 2033]	So I want to play a really good single player game. One that makes me feel satisfied when I beat it. I want to rest a bit from all the multiplayer games I've been playing but I'm not sure what to play (I have a quite a few games on Steam) or what to buy. It can be FPS, RTS, RPG or anything. I'm just not really into turn-based games.  Some of the most famous games that I've already played and enjoyed:  - Oblivion and Skyrim - Farcry 2 and 3 - Crysis 1, 2 and 3 - Shadow of Mordor - Saints Row IV - Deus EX Human Revolution - Spec Ops The Line - Batman games - Shadow Warrior - FEAR 1 (didn't play much of 2 and never played the 3rd one) - STALKER series - Fallout 3 and New Vegas - Wolfenstein The New Order - Bastion  Thanks in advance!
[minecraft]	'lo all! I've got an 8 year old that loves to play video games but is, at the moment, fucking awful at them. So what I'm looking for is something we can play together that doesn't necessarily hinge on her ability.  We tried Lego Marvel and Lego Batman 2, but having to remind her that "hey you need to change suits so you can activate this" or "hey come over here so I can grab these pips" or "why are you running that way we just came from there" caused me no small amount of heartburn. I'm not the most patient teacher and I expect that if I let her play on her own, she'll get better.  However, in the meantime, we'd like to play SOMETHING together, and I'm at a loss. Here are my requirements:  - PC - Local Coop - Not super difficult but preferably not a cakewalk (for my sake) - Not incredibly teamwork dependent (, we can both coexist without having to pull each other around).  I'd appreciate some thoughts, and as time goes on I may request more suggestions as she gets better.
[diablo]	Everyone one I've played it just feels like I'm going through the motions. I get bombarded with items/weapons/armor and I'm constantly looking through my inventory and it bogs the game down. The enemies are a formality and pose zero threat unless I'm in a zone above my character level. The progress in these game are so "progressive" nothing seems harder or easier than it was 10 levels ago because everything scaled in unison. Like I stated previously, the only time I feel challenged in these games is when I'm in a place I "shouldnt be".  I like these games because they have fun characters, neat abilities and often have complex/entertaining skill trees. I dont like these games because they're just not fun.  Can someone please suggest me a game that has the qualities I'm looking for? Thanks much. 
[universal combat]	I'm trying to remember a game that I saw my friend playing a while ago. If I can recall correctly, you built a spaceship and then you could travel to thousands of planets and stuff. I'm REALLY hoping I'm not thinking of EVE Online, because I'm not really into monthly fees :(  Any help would be great  EDIT: I'm pretty sure it was a game from the "X Series" or "Space Engine"! Thank you /u/Aftershave92 and /u/tf2guy   Also thank you everyone else that helped. It looks like I've been missing out! I'll try to give as many of these a go that I can!
[dark souls]	Things I'm looking for:  - dynamic combat, *espc. sword play* (think OoT Lizalfos battles)  - interactive world and cool side quests for items  - interesting NPCs with own storyline as the game progresses  - preferably lock-on targetting (not Bethesda-style combat)  - Good plot, something that will make me say *"I can't believe he actually did that!"*  What I'm not looking for:  - puzzles (making me stare at a walkthrough the entire dungeon)  - lots of content but not an interesting plot (Skyrim, GTA V)  - lots of gunplay  - Skyrim-style dungeon crawling (not big on caves)     I'm really enjoying OoT, and hearing about things like the "Drowning Ring" side quest from Oblivion get me excited. Sorry if the lists above are too specific. I haven't played a ton of games.
[strategy games, civ 4]	I've been discovering the world of podcasts lately.  While I've been able to find some good podcasts for most of my interests, serious gaming podcasts seem to be hard to come by.  Most podcasts I've tried - Giant Bombcast, The Patch, Dude Soup, so far - are "what have you been playing" at best, a bunch of drunk and horny twenty-somethings talking about nonsense at worst.  The Patch has had a "game club" at the end of their podcast for the last couple weeks, which is interesting, but it's pretty short and really only entertaining if you've played the game.  The best I've found so far is Radio Free Nintendo, but their scope is obviously limited to Nintendo.  They also devote almost half the show to "What are you playing?".  And with the same four hosts every week, it does seem a little redundant from week to week.  I'm looking for a podcast that, more or less, would match NPR podcasts (RadioLab, This American Life, etc).  Where are the podcasts where they take a full hour to just dive headfirst into a gaming topic or series?  Or that have in depth interviews with developers, publishers, and other people that are involved with the industry?  And, for the love of sanity, are there any gaming podcasts that stay on topic!?  Is there anything like that?  [*I posted this on /r/games, but it was removed... I don't really see how.  I reviewed the rule 13 of /r/games and it doesn't seem to break it at all... Whatever.  Then I tried /r/truegaming, but it was removed because they interpreted it as a list post, although I think it could really stimulate discussion.  I did get some good replies before it was removed.  Anyway, hopefully my third try is a charm.*]
[civclicker, civclicker]	You know how Evony lets you build up a fort? Its slow as fuck and you gotta gather resources, research and assign NPCs to build stuff. It all happens in real time and while youre offline. What do you call that?  Persistent world and incremental game don't seem to fit.  Games like Evony, Dogs of the sea, Godus, OGame. They all have that same feature. I guess you find it a lot in browser games. Often times they are nasty time sinks and cash grabby as fuck. I call them "set it and forget it" games, but thats obviously not what they are called.  Mind you, I'm not looking for games with those features. I want to know the name of that feature or genre or whatever you want to call it.  Do I make any sense? If I don't just ask away and I'll clarify.  Thanks! 
[burnout paradise]	So, after replaying the classic Carmageddon and its expansion, I put myself in a mood for car combat games. However, the problem with this genre is that it isn't very popular and most of it consists of games that are fairly old. I don't have a problem with the game being old, of course, but I have a problem with dated gameplay - wonky physics, overly simplified locations/arenas, or simply unsatisfying combat, and, unfortunately, most of the oldies haven't aged well because of these reasons. Are there any car combat games out there for PC that are either fairly recent-ish, or old, but still enjoyable despite their age? I'd very much prefer ones that don't involve guns, but if nothing like that can be found, then guns are fine, too. Also, please take your nostalgia glasses off before answering my request.  PS. I'm aware of the existence of the other Carmageddon games, and I've played them all already, so no need to mention them. That includes Carmageddon: Reincarnation.  EDIT: Forgot to add - emulation is a viable option, as long as the game can be emulated without any major problems and/or game breaking bugs.
[shadow of the colossus]	I have been totally unable to find any singleplayer games to hold my attention. basically any game where you're kind of just dumped in, with little to no motivation to do anything. I try not to sound like a snob, but I absolutely cannot get into games if I don't bond with the protagonist or story and feel like i'm actually in the shoes of the person. games like metal gear solid, telltale franchise, spec ops the line, kotor, etc etc etc are good examples of games I can really get into. games with complex stories are basically the only thing that can hold my attention these days, and believe me, I try to push my way through games with lesser stories but it just bores me too much.
[star wars: knights of the old republic, fahrenheit 451, final fantasy, final fantasy, baldur's gate, fantasy games, this game, this game, this game, this game, this game, shadowrun, out there, anomaly 2, anomaly 2, game over, wipe out, sci-fi, kotor, kotor, kotor, kotor, kotor, kotor]	My dad never plays anything but candy crush clones, so I was just wondering if there are any good games that I could buy for him that could pass the time for him.  He's really into sci-fi like star trek and star gate, he's not very good at action  games, so I think turn based or something similar would be great. He used to be into psudo-strategy games like mafia wars, but I'm trying to get him into something that isn't "pay or wait" gameplay.  Anything good on mobile? Does the mobile version of XCOM have a "new to strategy games" friendly tutorial? What about the mobile version of Civilization?
[mass effect]	Hello!  I am almost done w/ DA:I, and it's the most fun I've had in an RPG... since I can remember.  Anyways, what I'm looking for that were some of the highlights of DA:I for me:  PC  Party-based combat (this is a blast!)  Impressive Graphics  More than 50+ hours of playtime!  Preferably 'Medieval Style' (I want to use a sword)  Not turn based ( - not like most of the Final Fantasy series)  Not Dark Souls, or Dark Souls 2! lol.  Also, not Skyrim... as that's currently in the que to play. I played it a bit on Xbox, didn't like it too much, but I'll try it again here soon. I bought the pc version.   Thank You!~
[star wars, star wars]	I'm looking for a game that fits this description. You play a dude. The captain maybe, or maybe you can assume a different roll on a NPC ship. From there you do whatever, you be a trader, a miner, a pirate, a fighter, factions to join, bandits to fend off.  Eventually buy your own planet/moonbase. Manage it. Hire people to join your cause.   Basically mount and blade, but in space. 3D would be nice, but not requried. And if ship-to-ship combat could work like FTL or something similar, that would be neat too. 
[pillars of eternity]	I've been a bit out of the loop in gaming for quite some time, and am just starting to get back into some missed RPGs.  Mostly I'm playing through games while walking on a treadmill (or doing sprint intervals), so RPGs are a great fit because there's little emphasis on tight controls.     I'm currently about halfway through FF7: Crisis Core, which has been wonderful.  I love the storytelling and cinematics.  Its not grindy like many of the old games, and it just feels great as an exercise distraction.  The active combat is quite button mashy and forgiving.   Here's a list of games I've played through already:  * Final Fantasy I * Final Fantasy IV * Final Fantasy VI * Final Fantasy VII * Final Fantasy Mystic Quest * Lufia &amp; the Fortress of Doom, * Lufia II: Rise of the Sinistrals * *Chrono Trigger * Earthbound * Mother 3 * Tales of Phantasia * *Secret of Mana * *Terranigma * Secret of Evermore * Super Mario RPG * *Paper Mario * Pokemon Red  *Kinda meh for me.     More or less anymore, I'm not really a completionist.  I'm content going through the game whether I find the Easter eggs or not.  I'm a sucker for the engaging story, whether its fantasy based or Earthbound.  I've never been huge on Sci-fi themes, but the FF7 games hit a good balance of technology and fantasy.  When I was little I would talk to every last NPC and really explore, but I'm okay with kind of being shuffled from one area to the next nowadays, as long as there's some freedom.   I'm quite enjoying Crisis Core's overly exaggerated cinematic combat system, the constant interruptions for dialogue and cutscenes.  I don't want to sound shallow, but the graphics have been refreshing too.  Its the newest title on my list, and I can only imagine how FFVI could feel with similar graphics.  I rarely have to go too far before being pulled back into the story.  Before I know it, I've gone 4 or 5 miles without it feeling grindy or getting 'stuck' on a puzzle or 'where to go next'   That being said, I'm only playing while on the treadmill, so games are lasting me quite a while.  I'd rather pick one or two superb titles than wade through a dozen really good ones.    So what's next, and why?
[dragons dogma, dark souls]	I'm really looking for a game that I can sink tons of hours into and it wont get really repetitive. Hopefully has multiplayer or co-op aspect because it gets boring playing alone eventually. I'm really into exploring/sandbox/open world games. Also games where your character or ship etc. develops and becomes better while you also become better at the game. Below is a list of games I've played and small thoughts on them  **Good Games**  * Starbound, Skyrim, Gta 5, Saints row 2-4, Multiple assassins creed, EVE online, Just Cause 2  **Good game's but got bored eventually/too short**  * Stranded deep, Prison Architect, Goat simulator, reus, rust, planet explorers  **Not a fan**  * Fps's like Call of Duty (I liked borderlands 2) * Monthly payment games
[mtg]	3 games that I used to play and love to give you context:  * Magic The Gathering (face to face and Online) - PROBLEM - Breaks the bank  * Company of Heroes - Used to love playing this in ranked match mode, but just re-installed and cannot get ranked mode to work (and I hear the community is dead anyway) and my computer is not good enough to play CoH 2.  * Prismata - http:// - I really like this game, but I want something like this but different, to change it up a bit. I still play but looking for some variety.  Would prefer something more slower pace, deeper turn based as well as, alternatively, something good twitchy (like CoH) but I'm guessing given my CPU specs good twitchy may be hard to come by.  But the key is a good ranked game with a competitive community I can still get into as a noob.  They don't have to be strictly 1v1, but I am not a team player and I want the 1v1 experience to be good.
[silhouette mirage, super metroid, grandia 2, klonoa 2, psx]	I've been sick lately and I can't handle games with a plot, it's too depressing and real to me.  I recently tried playing Bloodborne and Final Fantasy Type 0, both seem like good games but I just can't take them in my state.  Maybe something happier  with no plot at all...  My favorite games are turn based RPGs (etrian odyssey series for example), but I'd be willing to try anything, as long as it isn't depressing.  Also because of my sickness, a game without a 3d camera would be best.  I've been getting ill from movement on top of everything else (like I vomit because of it) really sucks because I normally like 3d stuff (though I prefer 2d anyway).  Nothing too competitive either like Starcraft, I'm just not up to it right now.  Well, if you have an idea, help me out!
[saints row 2]	I'm looking for a game like Yandere Simulator in terms of concept, and concept only. So no, I don't want a schoolgirl drama game that has indie Anime roots.  I mean a game where you play the wierdo, the outcast, and get to do dark and heinous things.  You could almost say Postal is like this, but the graphics and gameplay are shite.   So a game with good gameplay that lets you play the bad guy and do bad things, that's what I want.  I've already tried playing as a weird Satanic serial killer who sacrifices people in Skyrim. So don't suggest that. 
[fire emblem: awakening, code name: s.t.e.a.m., bravely default]	I know this probably is going to be a little strange since I'm not entirely sure what it is I'm looking for either.. but here goes!  Would anyone have a suggestion for a game that I could play with limited time (or ones that I can pause/save etc). I love RPG games where you go through the world leveling up and participating in the storyline quests. I know that there are many games out there like WoW and the newer FFs, but they are all subscription based and with the amount of time that I would have to spend on them, I dont think I could justify the expense to myself. Basically something that I wouldnt be penalized for taking my time to play the game. A 1 time purchase is fine though.  Just for reference, in the past I've loved the Final Fantasy Series, and PC games like Diablo 2, (D3 to a somewhat lesser extent...) at current, I'm looking for games that I can play on PC, but I'm not opposed to some suggestions for a PS3/PS4 game.  Thanks in advance!
[heroes of the storm, civilization 5, borderlands 2, portal 2, trine 2]	I figured this would be the best place to ask. I've been hopping from game to game for what seems forever now, currently my fad that's just died out is Dota 2. More specifically, I'm looking for a new game that my boyfriend and I can play together. We've played a few games together online with friends, including Team Fortress 2, Minecraft, Diablo III, and Dota 2.  I used to be a huge MMO fan and bounced between games like Ragnarok Online, Diablo II and III, Perfect World International (a WoW clone pretty much) and a few games far and inbetween. He recently stopped playing Starcraft a couple months ago, and he used to play WoW back in the day, but we've both kind of agreed that MMOs feel past their prime to us and it's just the same old grind and fetch quests.  I think console gaming would be perfect for us; if we lived together. But for now neither of us are in a situation to so we resort to spending some time together on games. I don't know what's popular anymore, what's got a fanbase and whats worth playing, or if there's any MMOs out there that's still worth trying ...  Sorry for the giant wall of text, but here's to hoping you guys have some good suggestions :)
[little things, heavy rain]	I don't know if this sounds like an odd request, but I'd love to know about more games that let you interact with really specific and unimportant parts of the world. I'll give examples to better explain what I mean.  In animal crossing, some of the furniture you can place in your house can be interacted with - a sprinkler will be turned on and off, a stereo can play music and different lights can be activated. In the Sims, you can do pretty much all that stuff, though to me it feels a bit less satisfying because it's less hands-on... if that makes any sense.  Another good example is how in Starbound, if you have a coffee machine, you can make coffee with the right ingredient. Games that let you do such trivial little things just feel relaxing and satisfying to me, and I have a hard time really explaining it, but I hope this suffices!  Feel free to suggest anything that could fit this sort of criteria, 'cause even if I've played it I might have just forgotten about it. Thank you!
[mass effect, mass effect]	Hi there! I'm not a hardcore gamer, I like easy games and I do not like dying (both in game and in real life, I guess). I like games with nice, elaborated storylines. Can be something older (to play on my old ThinkPad in bed...) or mobile. I can enjoy both FPS and RTS games, although RTSs rarely have a nice campaign story. Some of the titles I really enjoyed (storywise):  * No One Lives Forever (all three, although JACK was a bit of a letdown) * Desperados, Robin Hood * Half Life * Age of Empires/Mythology * XIII * Jedi Knight (not really a storytelling masterpiece, but will do) * Beyond Good and Evil * Sam &amp; Max * Broken Sword (but I am not really a fan of point-and-click) * Shogo * X-Men Legends/Marvel Ultimate Alliance (I'm somewhat of a Marvel, especially X-Men enthusiast) * LA Noire * Alice * Bard's Tale (playing right now, but the jokes get old quite fast...) * Uncharted (too. much. shooting.; don't own PS3 right now, just in case))  Those I did not like:  * Baldur's Gate, ICW etc (story is nice, but mechanics are too complex for me to enjoy) * Portal (likewise; when I want a fun intellectual challenge I translate poetry, not play games...) * Deus Ex (I know it's a cult title, but for me it's just too... disjointed?) * Fallout * GTA
[sonic free riders, wii u]	Essentially, my GF never plays video games but is open to it. She's got a major depression due to a surgical error and usually sits at home all day waiting for her next appointment with a specialist. She gets depressed, suicidal and apart from seeing a therapist I was hoping to get her a video game console so she can distract herself, even for just an hour a day.   She has younger cousins who come over frequently and would love to play with her I'm sure.  So the only thing is she's looking for a motion sensor type of gaming console. I know of the Wii but I'm not sure if it's outdated or whatever. I really have no clue.  I also don't know which consoles have better games for motion sensor stuff.  Maybe you guys can help me. She's looking for something with simpler games, you know dance games, fitness, multiplayer(offline) that can be entertaining.  Which console do I go for and which games should I target?  Thank you!
[fallout new vegas]	As the title implies, I'm looking for something I can sink an unimaginable amount of time into. Rules, requests and games I've already played and did/didn't like are below. I haven't included EVERY game I've played, just a bunch of examples to get you a feel for what I'm looking for. Feel free to submit any suggestion you want, so long as it isn't on my "already played" list, I'm just trying to help you guys figure out what I like!  **** **RULES**  1. Must be &lt;$20 2. Must be a PC game  **** **REQUESTS**  1. Should be available on Steam 2. Long-distance multiplayer would be nice, but not required 3. Strongly prefer RPG or sandbox-style games, but anything closely related is fine, too.  ****  **ALREADY PLAYED AND LIKED** (not all inclusive)  1. Terraria 2. 7 days to die 3. Minecraft 4. Dead Island 5. FTL 6. Orcs Must Die 2 7. Rogue Legacy 8. Risk of Rain 9. South Park &amp; the Stick of Truth 10. (insert Civ game here) 11. Binding of Issac 12. Skyrim 13. Don't Starve 14. Dark Souls 2/ Demon's Souls  ****  **ALREADY PLAYED AND DISLIKED**  1. Fallout 3 (please don't hurt me) 2. Starbound 3. Saints Row (borderline in this category)   Thanks in advance!
[grey goo]	I've always loved the old RTS games like Star/Warcraft, Age of Empires/Myth, Command and Conquer, or even SW Empire.   But I haven't seen a game quiet like these since Kanes Wrath, it seems like most Rts games now days are more about unit control and not quiet about resource management and I really love the idea of having to manage and protect your resource gathers while building an army. And I don't know of any games that really do that anymore, most have generic capture this point to get x resource at a fixed rate while bum rushing the next point to get more of x.  I'm pretty open minded so graphics isn't really a issue and I don't mind buying the game as long as its not to expensive. I just found out about this subreddit today and am eager to find some suggestions!
[space rangers]	Hey guys, quick laptop system specs: i3  dual, 8g ddr3, intel hd4000, 720p display.  Asked something related a little bit ago but alas I can't/don't want to run E:D. I'm looking for a evelike to get lost in and kill time on the laptop, which is the computer thats, always with me, even at work. I gave up Eve after years anyway, and this laptop couldn't run it well as an aside.  Most likely going 2d. I really can't decide between naev, space rangers, voidexpanse, drox, others I'm unaware of etc. which would you all recommend? I obviously need to be able to run it smoothly, and I need that sandboxy freedom (and am not a huge fan of intertia in top down games)  Bonus info: I tried Vendetta online, which ran fine, but felt like Eve's retarded cousin, $10 a month for that is lulzy 
[valiant hearts, advent rising, world war 1, psychonauts, anachronox, this game, this game, star wars, rockstar, venetica, avalon, sci-fi, sci-fi, kotor]	I've spent hours searching and have come up with pretty much nothing that isn't ~15 years old or KOTOR, so I figured I'd give reddit a shot. I know most story driven games are rated M (For obvious reasons), but there have to be some T rated ones, right?... right?  I've played both KOTORs multiple times, and they're my favorite games of all time. But really I'm looking for any genre... FPS/RPG/whatever as long as it's story driven. Preferably I want it to have the choices like you have in KOTOR, but it's not a requirement. Also, I'm looking for games that came out in the last 10ish years, some games like Neverwinter Nights are just a bit below the graphical quality that I find immersive.    PS. Is The Force Unleashed worth it? I've heard it's a good story but terrible game.   
[lego marvel super heroes, lego star wars, gta]	Hello! I started playing PC video games while on the exercise bike. I can only play games with a **controller**.  I only tried Speedrunners and Rogue Legacy. I didn't really like Rogue Legacy (while on the bike), I don't know why.  As for Speedrunners, I really like it, but I'm getting a bit bored, so I need something new.  What I liked with Speedrunners :  - Repetitive maps - Need reflexes - The game can almost be played without concentrating too much - Multiplayer - Fast-paced  Got anything to suggest that could be fun and not too hard to play on the exercise bike?
[evil genius]	Hi guys.  Let me start this by giving some examples of gameplay mechanics I have enjoyed.  On the minecraft server we ran, I was the "evil" character that ran around setting traps and ambushes, causing the rest of the server to band together to create law.  In RPG's i tend to roll with the Death Knight / Necromancer / Fear based skillsets.  In HOMM3, Necro armies all day. Total War - execute prisoners and build up dread.  I am looking for a game where you can truly explore the role playing element of being "evil". When the heroes come near you, they tremble and run. Local populations submit before you siege.  Now being pure evil is a funny side effect in some games, but the best truly have some sort of setting where you can rationalize it as being a legitimate choice.  I'm open to all genres and ideas at this point.   Thanks!
[metal gear]	Hi, I am going to apologize in advance if my description is off, I am not the best at speaking my mind.  I am looking for a game that is fast paced action game. I am not talking about something like CoD, I mean a game which you can't stop and think about what you are doing, you react to the game rather than plan out what to do next.  I have been playing games such as DmC4 which I love the combat on and it has a nice flow with the combat however there is only so many times I can repeat this until I get used to the layout of missions. The game gets me going however being faster would not be a bad thing here.  Rhythm games are good examples of what I have in mind with having to react to the song as you go through, with the only hindrance on speed being the song played.  Edit - Thanks for your suggestions, did not expect so many :)  So in a way I am looking for a game with the fluent combat of DmC, which is at a fast pace however not a ludicrous pace where you can't even react to what is going on without prior knowledge.
[world of warcraft , skullgirls, skullgirls, pick up, dota 2, lol, lol]	Hey all!  tl:dr at the bottom. I just wanted to explain my question a bit in depth.   When I was in middle school and high school, I adored playing video games. I really loved playing with friends and spent most of my time playing with friends on Call of Duty.   Halfway through high school, my gaming friend group kind of fell apart. And since then, my enjoyment of gaming has gone a bit down. I haven't really found a game that was enough fun on its own, that I didn't really need friends to play with.   I have been through an Xbox, PS3, and just now a PS4. I sold my PS4 today to afford a new computer since my previous one just fried out. I really haven't found many games in the past five years that I loved so much I'd play every day.   Now, with my new gaming PC, I really want to explore the new deep library PC has to offer. I haven't found a game in a while I could really pour my time into. I know what I like, and I know what I don't like.    I loved Call of Duty when I had friends to play with. My favorite game of the last year was honestly Clash of Clans because it was competitive, it had a relatively gradual learning curve, and a massive community, so I was able to easily find friends to play with. I am kind of intimidated by games like LoL and CSGO and don't know how quickly it will take me to get up to a relatively competitive level (or else it wouldn't be enjoyable).    So tl;dr. I just got a new PC and am looking for a game to put a lot of time into. Kind of a "get off work and hop on with friends" kind of game. My ideal game would be one that I could quickly learn (so I wouldn't get absolutely stomped every game) or that had a matchmaking system where they marched up similar skill levels. Also, I don't have many friends with gaming PCs, so I really want this game to have a pretty large friend community, so I could find people to play with that wouldn't rip me for being so new and inexperienced.  I understand this is a bit of a complex question, but I'd really appreciate the help. I'd love to rediscover the passion for gaming I used to have, and I know you all know much more about the steam library than I do.  
[tales of the abyss, tales of zestiria, wait and see]	As awesome as it would be to play Final Fantasy XV, I don't have any of the latest consoles. It'd be great if Squeenix brings it over to PC, but no word on that yet. So I was thinking of looking into some alternatives.  **Criteria**  * Fast-paced melee combat. As much as I love Dark Souls, the slower and cautious approach burns me out a bit quick.  * Exploration. I usually don't mind linear levels or mission selection, but I'd rather break the combat up a bit by looking around for new areas and items.  * Pretty graphics and/or fluid animation. I like to enjoy watching what I'm playing.  * Playable on PC, PS3, Wii, Vita TV, or PS2.  * If what you recommend is on PC, it should have controller support. I don't like using keyboard &amp; mouse.  **What I've played that fit at least some of the criteria...**  * The Last Story * Kingdom Hearts series * Dragon's Dogma * Demon Souls * Dark Souls * NieR * Drakengard 1 * Drakengard 3 * The Witcher 2: Assassins of Kings * Darksiders 2  **Thinking of getting...**  * The Witcher III: Wild Hunt * Dragon Age: Inquisition
[metro 2033]	I've started to notice that when I play games, I generally don't care about the genre, as long as I feel like I'm participating in another world. I don't really like games that function as pure narrative or pure gameplay--I prefer somewhere in between, I guess. This doesn't mean that I'm looking for just open-world/adventure titles, either. I'm open to suggestions in the vein of Elder Scrolls, but I also loved games like Kentucky Route Zero and The Swapper because the atmosphere and story elements kept me coming back.  I'm playing from a laptop with an external desktop GPU, so my graphics capabilities are limited. Generally speaking I can play AAA titles from 2009-2010 on low/medium settings. Old games or new games with low requirements are welcome suggestions.  **Here are games I've played that meet my criteria, by genre**  **FPS**  * Bioshock Series  * Deus Ex/HR  * Half-Life  **RPG**  * Witcher 2  * Planescape  * Mass Effect Series  **Action/Adventure**  * Kentucky Route Zero  * Amnesia  * Bastion  * Dead Space  * Psychonauts  * Cave Story  **Strategy**  * Starcraft/Starcraft 2  **Puzzle**  * Braid  * The Fall  * The Swapper  * FEZ
[neverwinter]	Hey, my roommate saw me playing Pillars of Eternity, and we've decided to try to LAN a crpg. He's briefly played a few of the old infinity engine games, and I think something like that could be fun coop, but he doesn't have a ton of time to commit to this, so I'd prefer it get to a quick start. His computer I think only has Intel HD 3000, so it can't be too demanding.  I'm looking at divinity and NWN2 but those might be a bit much of a commitment (if his computer can even play them), and I'm not sure about the turn based aspect in divinity.  I'm also considering ARPGs too, as we're both Diablo 2 fans, but that's gotten stale, and I've also played a bunch of Path of Exile and Titan Quest so don't really feel like playing those either.  Any suggestions?
[fallout 3]	I figured what i really enjoy the most in a game is exploration and the prospect of fat loot hidden. Im the kind of guy who likes to venture in place i should not be juking the system in hopes of finding stuff i should not have access yet and such. Im looking for a game where i can explore a bunch of place on the side and get sidetracked for hours.  Does that make sense? i know its not the clearest demand.  Im thinking something akin to an hack and slash in Singleplayer in D2 style but more exploration.  EDIT: Game i played similar to this demand,  D2 , D3, POE, Divinity, DS series, Hands of Fates, The Witcher series.
[the wolf among us, the witcher, fairy tale]	I love the world of The Witcher, I read the books, played through each twice. I just love the setting and the world it takes place in. It's a gritty and believable world. There is not a mage every 10 feet who can shoot lightning, sorcerers are there but few and play a real role in the world. I love the themes of the second game, all about political battles and personal quests. I'm tired of every game being "create this random character who is really important and save the world". I don't wanna save the world, I don't want to necessarily be this special hero. I don't want to CREATE a story, I want to be TOLD a story, a story like that of the witcher. So can anyone recommend and games, of any genre, that carry the same realistic and gritty feel of the witcher, while offering a deep and interesting story based on that world? And preferably not a game where you have to do a bunch of random crap just to be high enough level to go start this mission. I want a constant story experience. If that is at all possible
[the elder scrolls iii: morrowind]	So within the past year I've gotten in to PC gaming. I have my custom gaming PC all planned out and I'm saving up money for it but I have a lot of other priorities so it may take several months to get that ready, maybe longer. But I'm really enjoying PC games and currently playing them on my 2013 laptop. It's a good laptop but it has no modifications or anything. So I'm looking for something more than 10 years old that I know my laptop can run. I never played games on a PC before now so gives me a chance to play the older games I missed out on.   I've played a few so far (Deus Ex, KoTOR, Fallout Series) but I'd like some more suggestions other than that. I love RPGs and shooters (as long as controls and mechanics are good) with a great story and single player campaign.   I know this is kind of a broad topic but I'd love some suggestions on older PC gaming experiences I definitely shouldn't miss.
[factorio, freecol]	Ever since Settlers and Knights&amp;Merchants, I have a penchant for making efficiently run systems that mine ore, turn it into iron, add coal and turn it into steel, stuff like that.  Anno is perfect about this, but I've 100%'d the whole series.  TTD is kind of hard to get into.   Railroad Tycoon 3 is visually a mess and I don't like how it focuses on the economy more than on the actual delivery process.   Sid Meier's Railroads! is okay, but lacks content (there is not many scenarios) and I legitimately do not understand how the hell does the station connectivity work: I have two towns connected by rail, both have depots, if I choose one then another is greyed out.  
[dragon age inquisition, mass effect trilogy, justice league, inquisition*, dragon age 2, star trek, star wars, sci-fi]	It sounds like a no brainer, since there are a ton of RPGs with great stories, but it's a bit more involved. Let me explain in detail the kind of game I'm looking for.  First of all, it's for my girlfriend. She has just recently gotten into RPGs by trying a few out on her own and watching me play some (like Dragon Age: Origins).  She's looking for a game with the following criteria but is willing to be flexible if it doesn't meet one of the categories.  In order of importance:  1. Story ( not something that you would play purely for the gameplay in spite of a terrible story)  2. Fantasy Setting ( not sci-fi, or post apocalyptic)  3. Dialogue Trees (She really likes what DA:Origins does with this, if the game lacked dialogue trees but still had the player make choices in some way I think that would be good too.)  4. Not too dark (She doesn't want something as dark as, say, Diablo, or The Witcher)  5. Female Protagonist (This one is especially flexible but she would prefer a female protagonist or a character creation which lets you be female)  If that all sounds too picky, keep in mind these are somewhat flexible (minus the story part).  Feel free to suggest new games or old games, and pretty much on any platform (PC, or consoles).  I would ask that suggestions take into account that she's new to the genre, this means try to steer away from really "hardcore" games that could overwhelm a new player.  Thanks! 
[system shock 2]	I'll be home from college starting mid-may, and I've got a whole summer to burn through. Since I've been away for a while, my brother and I are looking for a bunch of really difficult Co-Op games to play. Ideally, something that would engross us, yet also have us spewing pure, concentrated rage out our throats.  ---  Consoles we own:  - WiiU - Wii - GC - PS3 - PS1 - PC   ---  Genres ranked by how much we **both** enjoy them:  - RPG:     We both enjoy RPGs, whether western or japanese. We beat Tales of Symphonia together last year, but that wasn't quite as Co-Op as we would have liked. Not that for jRPGs, we really dislike overly trope-y weeaboo stuff.  - Strategy:      Civ 5 is fantastic, as was RISK.  - Horror:     For some reason, any Co-Op Horror games we've tried are either very shallow (L4D2) or small (CD). That said, we both love Horror games.  - 3PS:     TLoU was amazing, and we played the multiplayer together a lot. We're looking forward to Splatoon!  - Platformers:      These are fantastic, but we just rage far too much at each other. Super Mario 3D World nearly ended in thermonuclear war. The only way to win is not to play.  - FPS:       Honestly, FPS mechanics themselves really aren't that bad, but most modern FPS games just aren't very enjoyable to us. CoD is too shallow, Halo's gameplay isn't very engaging, and Battlefield feels too generic.  ---  Popular suggestions we've tried:  - TF2 (Terrible!) - Dota/LoL/Smite (Boring.) - Hearthstone (Fun, until you get deeply into it.) - Portal 2 (It's entirely one-sided guidance...) - Borderlands (Terrible!) - L4D2 (Far too shallow.) - Smash Bros. (We're competitive Melee players, but this is the only fighting game (including other Smash titles) we like.)   ---  Games we've heard of, and would like to try, but don't want to spend money on unless we know that there are no other alternatives:  - Monaco - Damned
[portal 2]	My girlfriend and I are trying to find a good game to play together.  She doesn't have as much experience as I do with gaming, so I figured we could start small and work our way up to feel out what we both enjoy together.  With that being said, I'm looking for a game that would be good for an inexperienced gamer.  I would like for there to be a few level of sophistication that make for an intellectually challenging experience.  A persisting world would be a huge plus!    My only restriction would be that it can't be a shooter.  An RPG or strategy game would probably be best, either co-op or online.  Thanks!  Edit: I have an Xbox 360, however I think PC games would be ideal. All game suggestions welcome, though! I think we have some great ones so far :D
[age of empires, caesar iii, war games, total war, simcity]	Just as the title says, I'm looking for a game of any genre **for PC** that takes place in ancient times (Greece, Egypt, Rome, Qin Dynasty, Xia Dynasty, etc.) or during the middle ages (England, Italy, North America [New France, Fist Nations, etc.], Turkey). Examples of the latter could be Assassin's Creed, Crusader Kings II, and Civ could fulfill both sections.  Maybe it was a dumb idea to list all those places, but those are just examples - I honestly don't care where it takes place, so long as it's during those time periods. Let's say somewhere between 3000 BCE - 1850 AD.  All I ask is that you **include the name of the game (of course!), the  genre, and what time period it takes place in.**  Please no fantasy games - I love them, but they're not what I'm looking for right now.
[pillars of eternity]	I'm looking for an RPG, not adventure, not action, just straight up RPG. Combat is not necessary (but not a problem either.) A prime example of the type of thing I'm looking for is Fallen London, or Echo Bazaar. But hopefully with more imagery and willingness to approach adult material without straight up being a porn game. Meaning I'm not looking for a game where my 3 main stats are stamina, health, and magic. I'm looking for something where the 3 main ones might be combat, communication, and stealth. Or something along those lines.  Any suggestions?
[from dust]	Some game (fantasy, Space, anything) where you get a decrepit ruin and you have to rebuild it. Look for staff, gradually restore parts of it, bringing it up and running again. I'm interested in something with real characters, not just "Hire Blacksmith". I thing the skyrim mod "Helgen reborn" is something like what i'm looking for, but for the moment that's not an option. Also, in neverwinter nights 2, there was a similar chapter. Freelancer (a space arcade game) has a similar premise, but that one bored me to fast to actually get to the re-building part. 
[crypt of the necrodancer]	I love rythm games, absolutely can't get enough of them.  lately I've been playing Guitar hero III again and just have been having so much fun with it. I have a very bad habbit with rythm games going for the 100%   Here's what I currently have played  - DDR (Dance Dance Revolution all titles up to date including some knock offs)   - Guitar hero/Rockband games  - DJ Hero  - Hatsune Miku Project Diva F   - Osu!   Anything else I haven't played? I'm really wanting to buy some more rythm games.   edit :   forgot to throw in kickbeat, audio surf, and frets on fire. 
[a story about my uncle, battleblock theatre, shovel knight, rogue legacy, axiom verge, this game, grow home, pid, asc]	Hi everyone,  My girlfriend recently started to play a bit of video games and has taken a bit of a liking to them when we're both left with not much to do.   Recently, I got a copy of Ori and the blind forest and she *loved* that game. Then, once she beat that, she started to play Rayman Legends however she finds that this one is a bit too easy and everything is just kind of given to you.  Criteria for games she will probably like:  * Platform games * Not too childish/easy (But also not the hardest game out there) * Some unlocks/upgrades/progression would be great * New(er) graphics. Attempt to introduce her to pixel-type games was not successful.  Got a PC that can run absolutely anything, so any ideas that you guys have would be appreciated!  Thanks!   Edit: Just found out about the Trine series of games; looks promising.
[pick up]	I'm looking for a game, preferably managment or RPG style where you're rewarded for playing for a few minutes then going and doing something else for a while. I'd like for that time period to be every few hours, ideally, but longer is fine. I just don't want anything that asks me to come back every 5 minutes.   I also want to be able to make noticeable progress regardless of whether or not I've been idle. So the whole idling thing really only exists to provide "perks" or "buffs" to playing. Maybe leave your character to train or run a store or something while you're afk. So you might come back to a **little bit** of money or experience.   It would be great if it could have a story. That's my biggest issue with most idle games. They're basically a "watch numbers go up" program. I'm not interested in that sort of thing.   Basically a game that is meant to be played but doesn't hate you if you don't.   Obviously this sort of thing works best on browser or ~~mobile~~ (don't suggest mobile games, my phone is awful) but if you know of one that works like a more traditional game that would be cool too. Graphics aren't super important, but I'd like it if they were there. I'm not totally opposed to text based, but the writing should be darn good.   Anyway, I've never heard of anything like this, so if you have any suggestions that would be great!
[killing floor 2]	Hi! Me and my friend are avid Dota 2 and L4D2 players, but after thousands of hours on both games we're looking to expand our coop gaming experience. However, after some research we've yet to be able to find games that deliver a super-hardcore experience akin to the games mentioned above (L4D2 can be considered to be more casual, but we only play on the highest difficulty). Some games we've tried our hands at are: Insurgency, HAWKEN, Dead Island Riptide, Mount &amp; Blade Warband and Napoleonic Wars, Risk of Rain, Sanctum 2, Space Engineers, Terraria, and Path of Exile.  At this point we're even looking at downloading other MOBAs (heresy!) to be able to play a hardcore coop game but still having that experience of exploration and freshness  A note: my friend's PC is a laptop with a HD 4000 (which he's looking to upgrade next year) so high-end triple A gaming is out of the question.
[assassins creed]	Hi, I'm looking for a game that has interesting world to explore, not necessarily open world. By exploration I mean looking for something not specific and finding it. Genre doesn't matter, the only exception is MMO. Sorry if my request  is too vague, here're some examples (that are not Morrowind) to give an idea:   * NFS Underground 2 and the same formula games. Yep, just rolling around the city is enough to be fun if there are changes in scenery.  * Space Rangers 2 - the world is copy-pasted, but very dynamic and interactive.  * White Gold - going to remote villages is fun, there's always some dialogue, dumb side quest or something.  * Tomb Raider - literally exploration.  Examples of what I think fits the description, but emphasis is on different thing:  * Overlord - it's stylish but puzzles are boring as hell (pun intended) and there are too many of them on square inch.  * Fallout 3, Oblivion - too much similar dungeons to engage player in a battle for a dubious reward of leaving said dungeon from a different door, but there are good parts too. Nehrim/NV are all cool though.  
[sir, you are being hunted, far cry 2, arma 3, arma 2]	I really love the immersion, atmosphere and difficulty of the STALKER-series, especially STALKER: Call of Pripyat with the MISERY mod. I know that this series is in a league of its own, with not many games that come close in terms of gameplay or experience, except for maybe the METRO games.  What makes CoP + MISERY mod so great to me is the atmosphere, gun/equipment customization, upgrading and maintenance, scarcity of ammunition/food, set up camp anywhere and the careful planning of your missions. Coming back alive from a mission or even just a little mutant hunting is extremely rewarding. Not to mention the adrenaline you get when a blowout is imminent and you're way out in the wilds.  I've tried Fallout 3/New Vegas with mods (FWE/Project Nevada, some weather mods + primary needs) but it doesn't quite compare, even though it's close. I've even tried Minecraft with some gun + camping mods. I'd love to hear some other suggestions!
[dark souls]	Hi redditors, after buying a gaming PC recently, I have gotten into western RPGs. I have played Morrowind and Oblivion so far and while I enjoyed both games, the abundance of dungeons has driven me to stop playing them after ~30 hours. My favourite aspects in the games are the quests inside the city walls, the guild questlines especially. Are there any games that focus more on the towns and characters, as opposed to moody dungeons and battles? The game's atmosphere does not have to be happy, but I find dark towns much more intriguing than dark dungeons.
[dwarf fortress]	I'm not even sure what to call the kind of game I'm looking for because I'm not totally sure it exists. The best I can do is kind of describe a hypothetical scenario, so bonus points if you know a name for the thing I'm looking for to make my future Google searches easier. Doesn't have to be fantasy. Just using that for example's sake.  Hypothetical Scenario  Imagine Goblins who want to conquer Humans, but their AI knows they don't have enough Power to do it. So the goblins start raiding dungeons and come up with, say, a lightning wand (which the player could have found had he arrived before them).  If they think their item gives them enough Power, they go on to raid the Human settlement. But Goblins might be a terrible judge of their own power. Maybe they're over-confident and get smashed, as opposed to Elves who might have much better tactical judgment.  Then again, maybe the Goblins find a holy tome, become pacifists, and don't raid at all!  Are there games like this where AI characters and factions have rich interactions independent of the player's influence? Where persistent random situations are generated by AI actors following their instincts?  I'd have previously searched for open-world or sandbox or something to find a game like this, but those terms seem to have been largely taken over by all the survival crafting clones.
[bloodborne]	Hey all, first time posting in this sub. My choices for my next game are:  * Bloodborne * Dark Souls: Scholar of the First sin * Borderlands Handsome Collection  Now 2 out of the 3 I listed are remasters with all the DLC included and have been played in the past.  I'm a huge fan of the souls series(I have Demon's, Dark1 and 2) but I never got the chance to complete Dark souls 2(and by that I mean I never got all the trophies and I never got the DLC. I did complete the main storyline and did get up to Newgame+++ on several characters.) so getting Dark Souls: Scholar of the First Sin would present some closure to the series for me.  Borderlands Handsome collection comes with 2 games! I never got to play the pre-sequel but I have played borderlands 2 and only managed to get 4 of the DLC expansions. Only downside is I have no one to play with since this game is best played with other people but that probably won't stop me from enjoying the game.   And lastly, Bloodbourne. As a fan of the souls series, I was so hyped for this game that I never even looked at **any** gameplay videos to avoid spoilers(I did, however, see some screenshots. Nothing major, just some basic promotional pics). I want this game to make my jaw drop at every single moment. I know absolutely nothing about this game besides that fact that it sort of looks like it's set in a very dark, Victorian-era world and the game is basically like the Souls series.  Those are all my choices and the reasons why I want to get them. They are all $70 so making a decision was pretty difficult. I will eventually end up getting all of them at one point so I need suggestions as to what game to get first!
[xcom: enemy unknown]	I used to think that I like kart racing games. But I don't. I often played Mario Kart, Diddy Kong Racing, and countless other clones, but the only one I ever had fun with was Crash Team Racing.  And once I red a critique describing it as "easy to understand, but hard to master", which can be easily attributed to it's far superior powersliding technique, where you basically can't do anything wrong, but it takes a huge amount of time until you put this skill to perfection, I knew immediately why it's my favorite game of all time.  I came across it, because it's part of my favorite franchise, and now I wonder, if there are any other hidden gems like this.  EDIT: I'd be grateful if you'd also tell me for which platforms the game is available.
[splinter cell, chaos theory]	I'm looking for a stealth game that can be played entirely without being noticed or killing anyone. I loved mark of the ninja, sly cooper, and am currently playing the ps3 thief. Though sly did have lots of other gameplay elements and you were forced to fight at moments, when it's stealthy, it is actually stealthy: Making sure not to step on glass, walking too fast, ability to hide and distract gaurds. Whenever I look up stealth games they all look like action games with stealth elements. Hope that is clear enough...  Any console recommendation is fine. I have a lot and am okay emulating old ones.
[the guild 2]	Younger, I loved to spend my free time with [Pharaoh](http://, building the city I wanted. What I loved was the strong enphasis on city management, with a slight bit of military and wonder building.   I'd love to find a similar kind of game, more recent, but non-modern ; think SimCity / Cities : Skyline kind of games, but not their setting. Pharaoh / Emperor, but with even more customization.    Today, I wandered in TES:O in Daggerfall City, and I realized "hell, I'd love to manage this city, its political ties, its trade guilds, its militia... !"   That's exactly what I'm looking for.    So SimCity, without the setting. Stronghold, with emphasis on city management and less on military. What do you recommend ?
[evil genius, evil genius]	So, I know that instantly you think things like Tropico or Mount and Blade. And I do kind of want those two games, but it doesn't quite scratch it.  I want to be a dictator with micro-management in terms of my armies, my people, my trading or whatever, and build my way up to becoming the powerful force of a region. And then moving on to becoming the dictator of wherever I am inhabiting (I don't mind what timeline or era or whatever that the game is set in), and maybe taking over the world/planet.  But I don't want Civ. I despised Civ, and I couldn't entirely explain why. I think it was just much too impossible to do anything, and it  was SUPER in depth, I want in in depth but still simple enough to somewhat zone out and play at times.  I'm not picky what genre or setting, I'd prefer it to be on a PC but I own a PS2, PS3, Xbox 360, and Gamecube incase. 
[playstation]	PC gamer here. I want to buy a last-gen console because we don't have any consoles at home. My GF really likes to play Just Dance Now, and I have a couple of friends who play games on their XBOX360. I don't have a Blu-ray player either (we don't really need one, because Internet) but it would be nice in case we get any movies on disc.  I really want to get opinions on which of the two is the best in this case. I really want to buy an XBOX360 with Kinect to play with my friends, but I've been told the PS3 is the best Blu-ray player that also happens to have a lot of great games. Which should I pick?
[playstation 2, dark cloud 2]	So I was playing Dungeon Village by Kairosoft earlier today and it hit me what I'm really craving. **I would really love to play a game where you are centered in a main village and hunting monsters in the surrounding wilds. As you sell resources or progress in the game, the town flourishes with you.** I love to play recent Harvest Moon games like Story of Seasons and New Beginning, where the more resources you ship the more shops open. I'm also a fan of Monster Hunter, Skyrim and other massive world sort of games. I would say the closest approximation to this mechanic I'm looking for would be the Lakeside castle in **Suikoden 3**, where the village goes from run down and half deserted to a large active town as you recruit more people to it. This was a fun mechanic and I'd love a game like that, preferably on PC, PS2/3/4 or Xbox 360. Anybody have any suggestions? 
[elemental: war of magic, worlds of magic , endless legend , age of empires, civ]	Are their any games like this besides Civ 5/AoE. I'm a little burned out from Civ 5 atm. Games like AoE and other RTS games  are too small and simple (tiny maps, 8 buildings/8 units/4 resources) or too focused on politics and have you stare at a map (EUIV or CK2). I'd like a game where you build a kingdom with in depth economics/politics/units while being able to create an army and actively wage war. I really like the ideas of EUIV/CK2 but it doesn't seem actively involved.. Like I said something like Civ 5 but more focused on one era (Ancient/Medieval/Renaissance) and actively building an empire/kingdom. No Space/futuristic games please.  My dream game would be a mix between the old Pharaoh/Zeus/Cleopatra games with better graphics, larger maps, political aspects, multiplayer and controllable military units to wage war.
[antichamber, ghost trick, portal 2]	I'm looking to become more *culturally diverse* and want to branch out in my hobbies a bit.  If anyone could suggest 1 or 2 of your favorite video games playable on a Windows 8 computer (free preferably) or ones you'd think I'd like based on my 'interests' [see below] that would be great! Tell me a bit about them, not just a list.  some stuff: I'm a female nearing the end of highschool. I don't like games with a focus on building or anything in a format like civ5. Fighting games are cool, I also like puzzle-type ones like Portal. Even if its a short-game I could finish in a day, some humor would be nice.   I have played [and enjoyed] Borderlands and Portal. That's about it. All answers are appreciated!~
[animal crossing, harvest moon, moon.]	I'm looking for a game for my girlfriend, and she really likes the Sims. But she's played most of the ones she really likes so much, and needs something new. A simulation game that deals with people or daily life like the Sims would be preferred, but any *really*good Tycoon style games would be fine too.   Preferably something made within the last decade. At most 15 years ago or so (she has trouble getting in to much older games she's never played before). Any system is fine, these will mostly be suggestions for games to get her in the future. 
[double switch]	(Night Trap is a FMV old game released in 92 for Sega CD)  Looking for good games with some of the aspects of it:  * similar immersive experience  * FMVs  * A cool story seen by different angles  * The game had a controversy that originated ESRB ratings (a murder scene in the bathroom)  * quick game (~30m) but you had to replay countless times to get all the story bits because you had to watch 8 cameras and if you watch the story unfold in just one camera, a murder would take place elsewhere and you miss it and lose the game.  * goofy deaths :P  Anything similar?   Thanks!
[shin megami tensei 4, mother 3]	I've played several of the Final Fantasy games. They're alright, but I'm sure there's got to be something "more" out there for the genre, since a lot of people really like it.  It'd be nice if it was a little more "fun" than the some of the Final Fantasy games have been, in terms of self-seriousness, and if it "moved" a little more quickly.   I'd really like to have some interesting and meaningful choices to make for party setup and/or combat. My major point of reference is Final Fantasy, and I've found the combat in those to be kind of boring. The characters just sort of fell into various roles, but it didn't really seem all the meaningful or deliberate.  It's not very clear, I know. Basically, I really don't want to have combat that is most often just buttoning through the menu to hit attack as quickly as possible.  A sense of progression in the outside world would be really nice, whatever form that takes.  It'd be neat if a lot of the game took place in similar places, like the same town/area, instead of the constant "let's keep walking to the next place, and the next place, and the next place because we don't have a home!"  Still, none of those are dealbreakers, I think. I'd just like it to be a fun, decently paced, good JRPG with interesting combat.  I have PC, all the Playstations, Xbox 360, Wii, Nintendo 3DS, SNES, NES, and Sega Genesis.  I love video games, so please don't hesistate to recommend anything that you feel would fit the request.  Oh... and I can't speak Japanese, if that matters.
[dwarf fortress]	I'm on the way to finally getting my gaming pc so I'm now starting to think "What should I play?" The only games I've really played and enjoyed are (I'll tell you why I like them to help with recommendations):  * Runescape - I like the adventure element of this game and how there is a whole world to explore, I like the skilling element and leveling up and also the quests.  * Minecraft - Again I like the adventure of just roaming the world and seeing what you find.   * Sims 1 &amp; 2 - What's not to like about controlling other peoples' lives? Love building and creating the houses.  * 1-3 of Harry Potter PC games - Again I like the adventure and the various quests.  So overall I really like RPG and adventure games. I like games with a fantasy element. I've never tried FPS but I don't think they're really for me. So yeah give me some recommendations please! As you can see I haven't played many games so I don't really know where to start. 
[xenoblade chronicles, pillars of eternity, final fantasy 5, baldur's gate , chrono trigger, out there]	A week ago, I played basically my first game in a long time: Chrono Trigger on an emulator. I absolutely fell in love with this game, but now I am looking for similarly entertaining and rewarding experiences.   I would like to be drawn in to the world of the game, and feel as part of the universe it takes place in.   To achieve that, it is important that the characters are excellently described and likeable, and that the story is told in a way that makes you care about the events in that universe.    Cool music would also be great.  The game has to be for PC, or emulatable. As I find it cute, I would prefer 2D graphics, but 3D would also be ok. A great battle system is not really necessary.   Besides Chrono Trigger, I have only played Zelda: A Link to the Past (did not enjoy it for lack of story), so I am open to pretty much everything.     
[mad professor mariarti]	Heya guys.  Right. Thiiiiiiiis is gonna be one hell of a long shot. But hopefully someone, somewhere out there, can help.  20 something years ago, back in primary school, we had this PC, or was it an Apple thing? Not sure now as we did have some Apple Acorn things? Got like 5 of them in the attic somewhere with a bunch of old 'ye find ye flask' type games but in Welsh on them.   But I think it was a PC. Anyways, there was this game. A game I have NEVER been able to play. Every time I would try to access the PC to play it, it was always commandeered by the same kids, over and over. I could only watch others play it, or play some football manager game thing instead. One day, I had my chance. Myself, my best friend at the time, and another kid (one of the ones that would always get to the game first) were staying behind waiting for a lift home after school. The other kid wanted to play it, I knew he wanted to commandeer it again. But his bag and coat were at the cloakroom, while I had all my stuff ready to take home with me. I thought, "YES! Finally my chance!" -  My friend offered to get the other kid his bag and coat for him when he went to get his, and of course this meant he dived on the computer before I got the chance. My one and only chance, gone.  I'm massively into gaming and collecting games, and this game-that-got-away (PC has long, long gone to PC heaven I believe) has been haunting me for at least 20 years. This is where you guys come in! :D  All I can remember about the game, was that you play as a generic looking white haired, mustached professor/scientist, kinda looked a bit Einstein-y. He wore a white labcoat and blue trousers I believe. You would attack enemies (unfortunately I cannot remember what those enemies were) with various tools. I think you started off using spanners, but could then find upgrade stations in the forms of vending machines I believe, in which you could buy other weapons like hammers, screwdrivers and whatever else was on there. I also remember giant floppy disks being present on the levels as well, whether as a save spot, or a sort of exit/goal or for some other purpose.  For some reason in my head, the only name I can remember or I assosciate with it is 'Nutty Professor'. But in my search across the interwebs, all I get are references to the film or something completely unrelated, maybe I've been looking in the wrong places.  My biggest fear is that it was one of those educational games built only for some schools/pc's at the time, as I think there was an educational vibe to it. If that's the case, I think I'm forever screwed as it'll be incredibly hard to find something like that, if possible at all for that matter - where would ya begin looking etc.  So! Young me is stood here, looking at ya'll with puppy dog eyes, hopeful, even if unlikely, for any help in tracking down this game that I've been denied for twenty long years and counting.  Any help, or even hints, however vague, would be hugely appreciated! Thanks in advance for any feedback/comments! :D
[this game, warframe, pick up]	Hi guys, wondering if you can help me find a new game to play with my dad. I don't mind paying for games, but he does.  We both enjoyed robocraft together, but the new game type just makes him angry. I'm looking for an on-line co-op game, preferably with a PvE option so he doesn't get annoyed at "people hacking". Game period should be around 10-20 minutes or so, so he can tap out without penalty. I think he'd like an element of creativity in it as well, as well as some kind of persistent reward.  He enjoys minecraft, but I find it a bit hard to get co-op things going with him and actually play together. He enjoyed Fallen Earth, but then it got too grindy after a while.  Thanks in advance for and suggestions!
[bulletstorm, mad max]	So, what I'm looking for is a game taking place in a setting similar to the one present in Mad Max movies. Anything I haven't played already? Here's a list of games I've already played:  * Fallout series * Rage * Borderlands * Carmageddon series * Hard Truck Apocalypse  Preferred genres: Action/Shooter, Action RPG. Platforms: PC and all the ones that are already easily emulatable.   My PC specs just for the sake of it:  * AMD Ahtlon II X4  * 4GB RAM * AMD Radeon HD 7700 1GB * Win7 74bit  Thank you in advance for the help.
[lords of xulima, out there, ironcast, mother 3]	Work is shipping me out-of-state for a week, starting Monday, and I'm fighting a case of bronchitis so going to the bar every night is out of the question.  I have a Lenovo Twist and a 360 controller, but I just can't bring myself to start yet another playthrough of any of my favorite SNES RPGs.  The game I'm looking for doesn't have to use a controller or touch-screen controls, but it would be nice.  I don't particularly want to sit at an uncomfortable hotel desk using an awkward laptop keyboard, but for the right game I'm willing to.  I'd also like it to be in-depth enough to get me through at least the first part of the week.  Perfect examples would be the Shadowrun games, Knights of Pen and Paper, and Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky.  A good PSX RPG would be welcome as well, but I've long exhausted all the Squaresoft ones.  I appreciate any and all recommendations!  I'd rather not have to default to Earthbound, since that's the best idea I have at the moment.  (Final note: it doesn't necessarily have to be an RPG either, as long as it's not too simple.)
[black desert online]	I feel like creating some characters, and I'm looking for an mmo with a great character creator (you get to edit a lot of things, you don't get to select a face/hairstyle combination from a list, you actually get to have tons of sliders). The most advanced one I've seen was for Perfect World International, but I really disliked the anime/east-asian style of all the armor/clothes. I'm looking for something similar to that but of a more western style, either fantasy or sci-fi. Fewer grinding and a good story with decent amounts of voice acting would also be great.
[xbox one, wii u]	Really excited for all the Wii U games that have came out like Super Smash Bros., Mario Kart 8, Hyrule Warriors, etc. but I haven't played any of them really since a month or two after their launch. Hype got to me I guess. Unlike these titles, I've been playing Halo games since CE and have loved the story and universe to this day. Really bummed that I can't play MCC or Halo 5 since I don't own a X1. I'm also very big into Zelda, but the next console game isn't releasing til next year. Plus I own a 3DS and they release way more Zelda games on there than they do console. So, should I sell/trade my Wii U and sacrifice the upcoming Zelda game for an Xbox One and MCC and Halo 5?  Edit: Wasn't a big fan of Skyward Sword, but I thoroughly enjoyed Halo 4's campaign and multiplayer. Halo 4 &gt; Skyward Sword
[another code]	Hey guys I'm looking for mystery games whose characters are in school/college or whose ages are in that range. I like mysteries and I'm in college but it's boring so I need games erm, well, to escape from the bleakness of normal school life.  Gameplay can be absolutely anything as long as it's not a hidden object game. Preferably PC platform but DS, PSP, PS1/2 and Android are fine too.  I've played (and liked) games such as 999 and Danganronpa.  To further include stuff I've played:  Phoenix Wright series  Persona  Hotel Dusk  Ghost Trick  Corpse Party (really liked this one)  Thanks!
[fallout 3]	I recently played through fallout 3 and fell in love with the lore and world that's been built.  I want to go back and see the rest of what the fallout series has to offer, but I'm always wary of older games.  As much as we often hold up these classics of gaming as amazing (I saw that fallout has a meta critic rating in the upper 90s), I'm aware that many of them are held together by nostalgia, and don't present a gaming experience that is actually worthwhile or even acceptable by the standards of today.  Say what you will about the state of the industry, there have been massive strides in game development, and older titles sometimes just aren't up to scratch.  So what I'm asking is if I, a person who hasn't played fallout 1 or 2 before, would actually enjoy them if I picked them up today, or if I should just get my lore fix by reading everything in the fallout wiki.
[total war]	The ASOIAF books/Game of Thrones series has made me desire a game where I can assemble armies but also have the Barristan Selmy/Arthur Dayne type characters that are legendary fighters.   Think of it like the hero aspect of WCIII or the Dawn of War games but on a bigger scale where I can go from battle to battle  developing and fighting with this character rather than just having them for a single match.  Sins of a Solar Empire kind of fits this desire with capital ships, but I am looking for a more medieval/fantasy theme.  The last Total War I played was Shogun 2 which does have this feature but not as expanded upon as I would like. It is entirely possible that the Total War series has developed that concept a lot more since then; in which case, the answer to my question will probably be pretty simple.
[bravely default]	Try as I might, I can't get into modern RPGs.  Tycho from Penny Arcade once said (and I paraphrase): "When presented with the option to do anything, I tend to do nothing."  That's the way I feel about games like Skyrim.  I tried to like it.  But there was so much to do in the first major town.  I stayed there for hours, exhausting every dialog option and looking into every corner, until I was just too wearied to continue.  I also tried Divinity: Original Sin.  I'm not past the first town because I can't stand the idea that I'm going to miss something, or that one of my dialog choices is going to have repercussions that I don't want.  Plus, there's something about the Baldur's Gate style combat that I am just not a fan of.  I used to really like 16-bit JRPGs, but I've played all the ones on the SNES and Genesis.  What are some good RPGs that are made in the retro style, or at least offer the player a clear path of advancement?  To be clear, I'm not opposed to exploration!  I'd just like to get into the game for a while before it throws a huge open world at me.  EDIT: Wow, thank you for all the excellent recommendations!  I intend to go through all of these and give them a shot.  Since I have to start somewhere, I've begun Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky, and I'm really enjoying it so far!  It's a fun JRPG and is honestly just what I've been looking for in the way of nostalgic fun.  There should be enough games here to keep me busy for a while!
[warframe]	so my friend is a much pickier person than me when it comes to games, and doesn't stick with them very long, but we're looking for something fun we haven't tried yet or haven't given a REAL shot.  We like RPG's and progression, and something low stress, so competitive multiplayer is semi low on the list unless it's easy to break into.  List of games we've played in the past 6 months in no particular order: Wow, Wildstar, swtor, DCU online, Marvel Heroes, TF2, Orion, Dungeon Defenders, Torchlight 2, Heroes of the Storm, Smite.  many have been fun, but have fallen off. I'm very worried it's us and not the games, but at the rate new games are coming out I'm hoping it won't be too big of an issue.  I was going to suggest to him we try TERA or Warframe, but since we don't have a lot of time to play each night, starting a game with a lot of advanced or complicated systems or game loops might be somewhat straining.   tl;dr - I need some good multiplayer-coop games
[minecraft]	So, bit of background, it'll help your suggestions. I've played WoW, very off and on, for almost 6 years. It was only last year that I actually had a max level character, because I mainly play it for roleplaying with other people, and don't really enjoy the actual gameplay of it very much. Played lots of different classes and it just feels like the same thing over and over.   But I keep reading posts about people's experiences with the game, and I'd like to have a game I really love to play I can make friends on. I'm homeschooled so I don't have a whole lot, but I love gaming, and recently built a fairly powerful PC so I feel like I could do more.  I've tried DayZ and it's nice but it can take long periods before I see anyone on it and if I do it's for like two minutes and I never see them again. LoL seems fun, but way too complex for me to spend time learning.   I don't know, I just want what the title says. I can get into a lot of genres so long as it's a good game. Give me some suggestions.
[just cause 2]	Hey! So today I started playing GTA V Online and loving every second of it. In fact, it kinda made me rethink my whole gaming hobby.  Driveclub is my all time favourite racer, I never knew why I enjoyed it so much, then it hit me! It's because I can do whatever the heck I want and still unlock stuff without having to linearly progress through the campaign.  Any other games like this? Can be pretty much any genre, but pve/single player first and foremost. I play GTAO solo mind you.  For those who need more of an explanation, I'm looking for games that are completely open in what you do and how you progress. No missions/levels you *have* to complete or else the game is in limbo (mandatory main quests, chapter by chapter play, locked endgame etc.)  On the contrary, I don't mind a level up system to unlock stuff, a main quest you don't have to accomplish. I also don't mind mandatory missions, but I want there to have a heap of choices from the start to go at my own pace. Oh and tutorial missions less that aren't a whole storyline are fine.  All current gen consoles (Wii U, Xbox One, PS4) are welcome, I have most. :)  What I already know of or have played: Skyrim Fallout New Vegas GTA V (specifically Online solo sessions) Project CARS Driveclub Forza series and Horizon  Any others I've missed? Thank you in advance.  TL;DR: Anything with no linear-forced progression
[command and conquer, runescape]	Posted this over at pcgaming but it got removed.   Hi,  **These are my PC specs:**      Intel E6850 3GHz core 2 duo     ip35 pro motherboard     GTX275 (underlocked in Afterburner to 597/1067Mhz instead of stock at 648/ were crashing until i underclocked)     4gb ram     monitor 1440x900 resolution.  I wanted to play plantside 2, and it is kinda playable i get about 30-40FPS most of the time. But it drops to like 10FPS sometimes too :(  Can anyone give me a list of games that I should be able to play smoothy? I'm interested in **online multiplayer** type games. the kind of games that someone who has no life would play. Would be nice if i could **make friends** with people while playing  myabe games with **mic support** for stuff.  I didnt like LoL or Dota too much. i like civ, but im too crap at it. heroes of might and magic 7 could be cool. i loved number 2. Do people still play that? I only ever played campaign, never online.  Also, if anyone wants to play anygames with **30/M/UK** me know...  I dont know why im writing this. But someone answer all my questions please. Oh wait. ** random games i like:**      Battlefield2 BAd company     COD 4 modern warfare     farenheit /indigo prophecy     beneath a steel sky :)     the longest journey     HALo one multiplayer was  was Red vs Blue     Deus Ex human revolution  I kind of want to play an **MMO**, like a big space conquest kinda thing. I wanted to play destiny when I heard about it coming out. But then from what I heard afterwards it was bit of a let down. But planet side 2 seems to be like what I expected from destiny anyway, but I think my PC is a bit to crap to handle planetside 2.  I just found out about a game called **The Secret World**, which looks good to me, but its too expensive on steam right now...  Anyway im waiting for some replies. Plz **halp**. How long do i have to wait now before i get replies? :(
[trine 2, be good]	My 6yo is getting a computer for his birthday tomorrow, and as I and my 9yo already have our separate computers on my network I was thinking it would be nice if we could find a game to enjoy together. FPS (as much as I love them) are out of the question. My 6yo wouldnt be able to handle the mindset of them yet. Control wise  both of the kids are OK. They have both played mindcraft on the computer, but mostly they play on their Ipads.  It can either be LAN or online, my fiber connection is good enough.  In my mind a game like dune2 would be nice.  Can you recommend a game (strategy, platform or similar) that they would enjoy? Any fathers out there feel free to come with your experience.
[dark souls, drop-out, diablo]	I like the idea of having a game that I can always boot up and play co-op with friends, like Diablo, Destiny, Borderlands, Warframe, or Marvel  I'm not a fan of the parts of those games where you actually play them.  In all of the above, the gameplay is just so rote and mundane in my eyes (please don't take this as an insult to people who enjoy those games; I'm just trying to paint a picture of what I'm looking for).  There's not really much in the way of strategy, and the combat mostly just involves clicking on something until its bar goes down.  The biggest offender to me though, is that this really mindless combat is just done over and over again so that you can get a random drop that makes your numbers a little bit higher, so that you can fight other enemies that are basically the same but their numbers are also a little bit higher.  I really like the idea of having a game with tons of missions that I can just call up a friend and play with them while we both make progress in our individual games, but I just want more out of the game itself.  Instead of making our numbers a little bit higher, is there a game where good equipment comes at a cost (usually weight, which affects inventory space or movement speed), like D&amp;D, Fallout, and Dark Souls?  Is there a game like this where the gameplay itself has some more finesse and thought to it rather than just absurd number inflation?  Bonus points if the game is a good free-to-play game, because it will be much easier to convince my friends to play with me.
[antichamber, talos]	My list of favorite games includes titles like Bioshock and Warcraft.  I love first person games and a good fight.  But maybe I'm getting old or maybe times are changing - and I can't seem to stomach so much "physical competition" in games these days,  running around killing things.  I'm not weak or tired, It's just getting boring or overdone, also the color and tone of such games gets depressing when in excess.  So I also love more upbeat games like Zelda which have a lot of puzzle and adventure mixed with the action, I can also get lost for hours or days in a well done point-and-click game as long as the sound and graphics are done well.  I'm limited to Steam at the moment but I think there should be something in there that can keep me busy for a while.  Searching under the "puzzle" tag brings up more than I can sift through and I don't know what's good.  I just downloaded Grim Fandango, it's a pretty cool point and click, but I'm not really getting inspired by the art and music style.  I'm looking at Shadowgate now, has anyone here played that?  I'd also be open to any first person style game that is more about using your head.  Half-life was great.  Minecraft. etc.  But I'm looking for something new and more puzzle-like.  Any suggestions? 
[dungeon of the endless, xcom: enemy within]	Hey, guys!  I've hit that point where I don't find enjoyment in new/recent games anymore, recent meaning in the past 2-3 years. I used to play a LOT of FPS games, and I still play TF2 to some extent, but I'm completely sick of what's popular by today's standards. Cover based shooters don't do anything for me, regenerating health is boring unless executed right, war shooters are spread way too thin, and things aren't as quirky and fun anymore.  I've delved into pretty much every genre, but things that stick with me the most are action and hack 'n slash types like Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance or No More Heroes, Horror/Action like Dead Space or the original Resident Evil, Platformers like early Gamecube titles and such, and stealth like MGS.  The platforms I have available are PC, PS3, X360, Wii, Gamecube, and 3DS.  **EDIT**: Thank you all for your suggestions! I think I'll be occupied for a long time with all of these games I need to look at.
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r.]	I'm looking for a good open world, story driven shooter like Far Cry 3, that has a lot to explore and a lot to do in terms of side missions and whatnot, and takes place in a relatively unique setting. What I don't want, though, is repetitiveness the game had. I hated the constant need of liberating identically looking outposts and turning on radio towers in order to unlock things necessary for progression. It made me just stop playing. I also kind of didn't like the lack of enemy variety - you had to shoot your way through a bunch of pirate hit squads in order to begin a mission consisting of shooting even more pirates. It became old really quickly. Anything you can think of that'll strike my fancy?
[shadow of mordor]	What are some realistic or fun archery games? Is there anything I might've missed?  The Elder Scrolls series seems to be one of the best games for archery but it doesn't feel "perfect" - stealth with a bow is quite awful since you have to shoot and if you don't kill the enemy you have to hide and/or run.  Mount and Blade has awesome bow mechanics but it doesn't feel like the way it's meant to be played (which is on a horse with a huge sword butchering enemies)  Chivalry - which I played at friends since I don't really want to spend money on games (I'm going to college soon) but seems very fun.  Tomb Raider - I used the bow mostly throughout the game since it was upgradeable and still usefull.  I don't really like the Thief games.  TF2's Huntsman is very good when I am desperate for some fast-paced bow action.  Dark Messiah has bows but the game itself does not really impress me...  And I just found out about Far Cry 3 and Crysis 3 and ignoring the fact that they are mainstream, killing spree games, I don't think my computer can run them :/  Anything else?
[neverwinter nights]	I have played RPGs since I was old enough to hold a gameboy and I love Pokemon and pre-X Final Fantasy and that ilk.  To be honest, one of the most 'ideal' games I've played recently was South Park: Stick of Truth.   I guess I'm looking for something that keeps to the RPG formula but is a bit bigger in it's scope than 'randomly press this button combination consistently and you're invincible'.   I mention Dungeons and Dragons because I think what I'm basically asking for is an MMORPG, but my internet is so inconsistent that I am barely able to play on minecraft servers, let alone a game that necessitates having a skype conversation in the background. I've never played D'n'D but a lot of my friends used to and it seemed like an interesting idea, if people recommend something that might reflect the progenitor of my favourite genre, but different?  I don't know if that's all too vague...  Do people think Dragon Age: Inquisition might be a good choice? Or should I just get better internet and play WOW?
[divinity: original sin , pillars of eternity]	The title pretty much states my main point, I have a few days off from work and I would like a single player game or two to take up my time on the PC. Lately I have been spending my time in games like Destiny and World of Warcaft where the is an end goal in a sense but not exactly and end to the game. I also used to work in a video game retail store so I was typically up on what was new and exciting. But not anymore unfortunately. Some games I have typically had fun playing in the past are:  * Knights of the Old Republic * Mass Effect Trilogy * Baldur's Gate(PC and PS2 titles) * Deus Ex:Invisble War and Human Revolution * Dying Light * Dark/Demon Souls * Bloodborne * Dynasty Warriors * Homefront * Resident Evil * Bastion * Limbo * Diablo series * Warhammer: Dawn of War series
[the ur-quan masters, the human race, fleet command, another world, out there, sci-fi]	I've been watching movies lately and I had this feeling I want to feel the thrill of being chased down by someone - something, while covering tracks and/or taking down people tracking me. Disappear, reappear, something with a purpose.   Aaand it brings me to my second point. I'd also like to lead an agency, make the shots, work on the field, have a bit of control over it. Kind of like, say Splinter Cell: Blacklist but after all it doesn't nail even close as I have no impact on the storyline.  Bonuspoints for interactive story and good dialogs anyway. I love good stories in games.  Thanks for replies friends! Keep em coming if you got any :)
[alan wake]	Hey guys, I'm looking for some horror games to play. Preferably psychological based - I'm kind of desensitized to the whole jump-scares / blood / gore as depicted in like, Outlast and bloodbaths like that. Amnesia was pretty good, but it seemed like the torture stuff was more for shock factor than actually messing with your mind type of deal.  I would like a psychological horror game like Nevermind - I found the psychological trauma themes depicted to be quite interesting. I'm also looking at Dollhouse on Steam, which seems interesting..  Any game suggestions would be appreciated! Up and coming games would be nice as well. 
[fallout: new vegas]	So what I'm looking for might not exist, but I'm looking for an RPG which isn't just inventory management and levelling up.  I like creating character backstory in my head that influences the way I play and the choices I make. Something between Skyrim and Dark Souls is the best I can describe it as. Non-linear, character creation with the freedom and opportunity to play out the ridiculous shit I build in my head.  I tried dragon age: origins, but when I wanted to go and get real stabby on my npc brethren, it would make me sit through ten hour long cut scenes, and then not let me kill the asshat that I decided killed my mother when I was 4.  Am I just going to have to resort to playing D&amp;D By myself or does this game exist?   Tl;dr, rpg with character building, freedom of choice and the ability to create your own backstory. Cross between Skyrim and Dark Souls. 
[path of exile, grim dawn, diablo 3]	For me, a long time this was World of Warcraft, but I don't want to play it anymore due to different reasons.  Currently i'm playing a whole lot of different games like Civ5, Hereos of the Storm, Formula 1 and I even rebought Jedi Acadamy on Steam. But none of them seem to get me that what i could experience in WoW, where i could basicly decide if i want to chill out and do stuff i want to do or go raid or do some pvp.  Im not particularly looking for a mmo, but something with some more flexibility, i guess.  Any of you guys got suggestions?
[octodad]	Hi all,   I'm looking for suggestions for games that two people can play using just one PC - effectively making the PC a console I guess.   I don't mind getting a second keyboard/mouse if such a thing is required, or purchasing XB360 or PS3 controllers for example.   I've never done anything like this before though, so are there many games out there that could do something like this, or is PC gaming mostly multi-player / online / LAN focussed rather than using a single machine for 2P?   Happy to consider action, RTS, FPS, turn based strategy, top-down / arcade etc... basically anything! 
[torchlight 2, diablo]	Im looking for a game for my wife and I to play. She and I have been playing league of legends but she hasnt kept up well with the learning curve. I can run most games with my tower, however she has this [Laptop] (http://;nm_mc=KNC-GoogleAdwords-PC&amp;cm_mmc=KNC-GoogleAdwords-PC-_-pla-_-Gaming+Laptops-_-N82E16834152745&amp;gclid=CLWC_JLKvcUCFenm7Aod7ggAQA&amp; which can run most game with low graphics. Im looking for an mmo that we can play, or even a regular rpg to play together. At this point Ill play anything. We tried borderlands 2 but her laptop couldnt run it very well. any suggestions are welcome. Thanks.
[roguelike]	*I originally posted this to /r/gaming but it was deleted shortly after because rules. Underneath is a copy of my original post.*  Anyone know a game I can play while watching old TV shows? There's no new series that have caught my interrests yet so I thought I'd watch a few old series that I have already watched.   I spend most of my day in my bed because I'm sick and can't really stay out of bed for long.   Games like Hearthstone, Binding of Isaac, Minecraft, Terraria, Euro Truck Simulator 2 is a few examples of games I'm looking for. Games that doesn't require a lot of my attention and can be paused at any time.   As long as they can still be purchased (no emulators) and played in window mode I'd love to check them out.  Thanks in advance if someone helps me out.
[monster hunter, monster hunter]	Long story short, my schedule is about to go to hell so WoW guilds are out of the question for now. I HATE pugs and HATE LFR so those are out of the question too.  I LOVE WoW raiding though. I love the boss progression, dieing over and over until you down it. So, since I can't play WoW for now, I'm looking for a game that will give me that boss progression fix until things calm back down again.  Basically, if WoW raids could be done solo with the other 19 mythic slots taken by NPCs, that would be the perfect game for me at the moment.  Games I've Tried---  Dragon Age: Origins [LOVED this game. While I'm not too much a fan of heavy story and prefer more brainless grind, this game was pretty amazing.  FORCED [My friend and I spent a few days playing this together. This was incredibly fun, going through the mini puzzles of each wing and then coming to the major boss fight of each wing.]  Leave some suggestions please!    
[dead rising, rockstar]	I did a quick Google search but it yielded nothing.  I think it would go over very well. If you've seen the film Nightcrawler you'll understand what I'm about to explain.   Noire starts you off as a Patrol officer and work your way up through the different branches, if you will, and I believe a video reporter game could revolve around this very concept. Start off at the bottom or nothing at all, somebody who happens to be in the right spot at the right time directly in the middle of a police shootout, hostage situation, etc... Your character may not have been aware they're addicting to the rush of adrenaline and chose to record the incident and continues to find themselves in the middle of the action. He/she then decides to move on up and start selling his/her content. Yeah, sounds a lot like Nightcrawler.   The game could reflect on how we're immersed in technology, according to [Pewinternet](http:// as of October last year 64% of American Adults own a smartphone and I would be willing to bet the majority of them are consistently recording videos. How many of them get uploaded? Shared for all the world to see?  It obviously needs a lot of refinement but I think it would make for a great game. Rockstar quality? Tack in a little Pokemon snap. better angles + distance from it + how quick you arrive (if you're not the first then you need a better angle/content) = more money (there could be a lot more factors here, perhaps even multipliers).
[we are]	Good morning guys, so i'll go straight to the point, i've made a game for IOS )soon for android too) and we would love to have some feedback from the community. We want to know from people who loves to play games what would they do to improve this game. The game is called Spin Heroes (F2P obviously) and you can find it on the App store. https:// this is the link to the trailer of the game. As i said thank you and please tell us what you think. If this is not the rigth post for this i'm sorry but i thought it was.
[fallout 3, fallout 3]	About 6 years ago I first played World of Warcraft. Having not played any open world games before, I was absolutely stunned by the scale of the world and how much stuff there was to do. There was a catch - when I started my english was... let's say not too great (and the game is one of the main reasons I consider my current english language skills pretty good, but that's not the point) That meant that a lot of times I was going around blind, not knowing exactly where to go. And at times I would run into enemies that were too difficult for me to handle or would run around not knowing what to do - the 3 highest points of my early adventure in WoW were:   -going too far from Elwynn into Redridge and getting obliterated by a single spider, and a week later killing that (put some mean words here)  -walking into that dark valley to the east of Duskwood whatever that was called and immediately getting the hell out of there upon seeing a single bird   -trying to sneak between some pretty hard creatures in Stranglethorn just to see what was at the end down south.  No other games gave me the same sense of exploration for a long time until Dark Souls. While the world there is hundreds of times smaller, my fondest memory of that game is when I tried to get through the graveyard with skeletons. I was so happy that it was about to be over... and then I reached some dark cavern (the Catacombs). I went inside and was scared as FUCK (and then got blown up by a flying skull). This is pretty much the experience I'm looking for.  So what I'm looking for is an open game with great exploration potential. Level scaling is absolutely unacceptable, and the environments should be pretty varied. The game doesn't have to be too modern... One game that comes to my mind as being a candidate is Morrowind. While I consider Oblivion and Skyrim to be somewhere between "awful" and "OK I guess...", I heard a lot of good things about that game. Oh, and also, the fact that I mentioned World of Warcraft doesn't mean I'm looking for an MMO - I'd rather actually play something single player.
[metro 2033]	Hey everyone, I need some help! Humble Bundle has Alien Isolation and Metro 2033 Redux on sale for the same price, and I have wanted both for a really long time (I just made my first PC two days ago) but right now I can only afford one of them. I am a huge fan of the Alien universe, however everything that I have seen from Metro 2033 with its atmosphere and story looks freakin phenomenal, so I was wondering if anyone could help me out with there opinion on which I should get over the other? Also I know Alien Isolation is more horror and Metro 2033 is more FPS (emphasis on shooter), but the different genres don't really sway me as I like both of them quite a bit and it is really the story and atmosphere that I am after. Thanks for the help!
[dark souls]	My summer holiday's are beginning and I'm trying to find an open single player rpg in which we can explore the world. One important part of this game is that you aren't forced to follow a linear main story line.  To elaborate, some examples of such games might be;  The Fallout and Elder scrolls games in which you can explore everywhere, and you want to for the items and rewards.  Or Kingdoms of Amalur, for the same reason.  Rogue galaxy on the ps2 would also count as it manages to avoid feeling too linear, but the witcher series doesn't because despite the large worlds it felt too constrained by the forced main quest.  Thanks
[roguelike, nethack, civ]	Quitting Hearthstone, blizzard turned it into completely rng garbage. I was playing it for almost an year now. I consider myself being really good at strategizing, however consequence of it is that absolute most of loses are because of bad luck. And that really makes one salty.   So I am looking for a turn-based (no necessarily a card game) strategy.   **Specifications**:   - Platform- PC, no matter if stand-alone or browser   - competitive multiplayer, but some singleplayer content is welcome   - as least randomness involved as possible   - swift gameplay: I tried some other digital TCGs, but I got annoyed by clicking fore everything. Hearthstone's drag-and-target system makes the game really swift in digital from.   - quicker play sessions (up to 30m)   - some longer-term progression, otherwise I would play chess   - space for strategy, I would like the game to actually feel "skillbased"   - possibly cheap or free   **What I'm not looking for**:   -something like that type of browser game where you have turn generated by the time, It is completely not casual-friendly and I feel punished for not being able to finish my plays for one day   - p2w (pay to skip months of progression which woudn't be annoying for good player is pretty ok)   - hardware-demanding   **Games I have already tried**:   Prismata - masterpiece, however no longterm progression, I'm really enjoying playing it, however it doesn't feel to be the *main game*   Darkest Dungeon - pure rng, no multiplayer   Shadow Era - annoyed by triple clicking and pop-uping everything for a single attack command   The Banner Saga: Factions - looked really good, but lack of opponents, I was waiting for half hour to find a low-level opponent      Thanks for every suggestions.
[dark souls]	I've been playing video games for as long a I can remember. Lately though every game release seems so stale and uninteresting to me. I'm not sure if it's because I've become separated from the hype train as I've grown older or what but lately I can't seem to find any games that interest me. To get a sense of the kind of games I love heres a list of some of my favorites in no particular order: Pokemon, Kingdom Hearts, Fallout Series, Elder Scrolls Series, Assassins Creed, Bioshock Series, and League of Legends. I understand these games cover a bit of a wide spectrum of genres, but if it helps I thik I'm looking for something more on the Action RPG side (think Fallout). Thank you all so much for your time.
[eve online]	Are there any MMO's with a combat similar to Neverwinter, and the professions of Mabinogi. I'm sic of MMO's forcing people to choose a class, and then they are restricted to the things that, that class can use. I want to be able to make my 'class' from my play style without having to change it to my class. Everquest Next is a good example of this, from what I've read, but it's not out yet. The anime Sword Art Online, for those that don't know about Everquest Next or what I'm looking for, had this and I thought it was really cool. Free-to-play or pay-to-play is fine. Please no subscription based games like WoW.
[bloodborne, bloodborne, know how]	Looking for a new game to buy tomorrow (pay day). I've got both PS4 and Xbox One, though a lot of my mates are on Xbox so would prefer to get multiplayer games on that.  I used to be a huge FPS geek, and played competitively in CSS and Halo when I was younger (going to LANs etc) so have a lot of love for those games. I don't have the time (or commitment) for them anymore, but the closest I've had to replicating that feeling in recent years was my Destiny obsession over the past year (which faded in the past few months). I loved that this ticked the FPS box but also had RPG elements, and it was focused on co-op rather than competitive PVP (which I don't really have time for anymore unfortunately).  I also like MMOs and RPGs, but my issue with them is open world games. I find them really hard to get into and find myself struggling to decide what to do, and therefore getting bored quickly. I've tried Skyrim, Fallout 3, GTA3-5, Oblivion, etc, and never managed to get into any of them (even though I appreciate they're fun). The only one I've managed to get into was WoW, and that was only after 5-6 attempts when I did triple XP levelling with a friend and was on to raiding in a few days. I also quite liked Minecraft, but I joined my friend's server who had already built a lot of stuff and we were at a stage with quite linear progression, so it became more focused. Diablo was really good, and I liked the linear progression, but I played it quite a while ago so I'm a bit bored of it now.  Recently I've enjoyed linear story focused games, such as Bioshock Infinite and The Last Of Us. With these kind of games though I'm really only interested if they're well written. I'm less of a graphics junkie and more interested in character development and good writing. I'd love to play the Uncharted games but can't get them on current gen as far as I know?  I like sports games but I'm not really interested in any of the big EA titles. I play FIFA, Madden, Football Manager, etc occasionally, but I don't feel the need to buy the newest one every year.  I quite like indie games but ideally I'd like a triple A title that I can spend a fair bit of time on. Ideally tide me over to next month at least.  Games I already own - The Last Of Us, Destiny, Minecraft, Madden 15, Titanfall, Diablo 3, Worms, CoD, GTA 5, FIFA, Warframe  Any help hugely appreciated! 
[beyond good and evil]	Whenever I search for games similar to *Fable*, I always see only 2 recommendations - *Overlord* and *Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning*. The problem with these recommendations is the only thing they have in common with *Fable* is the cartoony artstyle. What about the rest, though? *Kingdoms of Amalur* might have the open world and the button-mashing fighting system, but doesn't have the British humor and the "soul" of the *Fable* games, and Overlord might have the humor, but other than that it's a completely different game (not even an RPG, I might add). Are there games that actually are like *Fable* in terms of the stuff that made *Fable* good, and not just the artstyle? A fully self-aware, humorous action RPG with epic story, moral choices and lots of exploration?  
[the witcher]	In the past week I have finished KOTOR 1+2, Gothic 1 (I'm going to finish 2 and 3 when I get over how I got my ass handed to me.) Legend of Grimrock, and Fable TLC. (Yes this took me 7 days). I don't care how long it is or how difficult, I want an RPG which isn't an MMO (I'm already logging several hours of GW2 a day) which is gripping, good story etc. I've seen the post in the top link but can't decide etc. Recommend something for me? Hell recommend any game just RPG is my fav. Don't judge me. PC only.  Here's my steam list http://  Feel free to recommend games you think I've finished as well. 
[kingdoms of amalur: reckoning]	I'm looking for something that's got elements of a few pretty popular RPGs, mmo and single-player.  Skill based action, like Dark Souls. Though not needing to be difficult, just rewarding if you play well.  Ability/Talent/Skill trees. Ones that can have a meaningful impact on gameplay, but can be made up for by clever tactics if sub-optimal, while still giving a lot of options. So, Path of Exile, Skyrim, KotOR, or a few of the more popular MMORPGs.  Replayability. Whether through mods, open world, procedural generation, satisfying grinding (to complete a particular build, not because I have to because my numbers are too low to beat up trash mobs in the next area, I'm looking at you Final Fantasy series) , or some combination of the above. So, Skyrim, Baldur's Gate, Path of Exile, Dark Souls.   Satisfying Multi-strike. Chance on hit procs that feel big.  I would just be playing Monster Hunter or Dark Souls if they had passive skill trees and were on my computer or worked well without a controller respectively.
[factorio]	So I'm looking for a game that has a rather in-depth crafting mechanic. A multi-tiered crafting element, much like T2 items in Eve Online.  The game doesn't have to focus on crafting, but I would like for any crafted items to have a purpose. Much like Feed the Beast for MC has recipes for progression to build machines that build other machines that build an item.  Like I said before, the game doesn't have to focus on crafting, but the more it's involved in the game, the better.   (I would go back to Eve Online, but after 11 years of an on and off again relationship, we've decided to part ways for good.)
[persona 4 golden, p4g]	Okay, that might sound confusing, but I can explain:  Visual Novels and Dating Sims have a unique system, which does not exist in any other genre (afaik): increasing the stats of your character through dialogue choices. The best known example are the dating sims where you farm 'affection' to characters.  Now my question is if there are some games where this is used in a different way. Examples I can think of:  - Cherry Tree High Comedy Club - Long live the queen (here it's the other way round though, stats are increased outside of dialog, but you influence dialog through your choices)  Does anyone know games like that? Doesn't even have to be visual novel or have anime-styled graphics, I'm just interested in the mechanics.
[tales of vesperia, eternal sonata, last remnant, lost odyssey, lost odyssey, lost odyssey, star ocean]	Posted this earlier on /r/JRPG but it seems to have disappeared from the submissions. Within the next couple of months or weeks, I'm gonna get a new JRPG to play on 360 as it's been a while since I've played any. I know the 360 doesn't have many JRPGs due to the 360 not being very popular in Japan, but I have found a few that might actually be worth trying out.  Star Ocean: The Last Hope  Tales of Vesperia  The Last Remnant  Which one of these offers the best in gameplay and has the most exploration? I know there's probably more JRPGs for the 360 like Eternal Sonata, but from the art style I was given the impression that it might be too kiddy, I dunno. What would you recommend? I have The Final Fantasy XIII trilogy on 360 already, and enjoyed that. Never finished Lightning Returns though, the time limit thing threw me off. I also have Record of Agarest War Zero. Though I've never finished Zero because it's just too hard for me for some reason, was never good at tactics games. 
[warframe]	Here's some of the games that scratch this itch for me:  The **X-Men Legends** games: There were  a bunch of unlockable characters and costumes.  **Ultimate Alliance**: Unlockable characters and costumes that affect gameplay.  **Pokemon** games: A lot of catchable pokemon and you could raise them in order to get more.  **Shin Megami Tensei IV**: A lot of catchable demons and you could fuse them in order to get more.  **Digimon World Dusk and Digimon World Data Squad**: The same goes for this as SMT IV and Pokemon. With the added bonus of requiring me to pay attention to stats and numbers in order to digivolve.  **The Lego Games**: Tons of unlockable characters.  **DBZ Budokai Tenkaichi** games: tons of characters.  Basically, I'm looking for games with unlockables that affect gameplay and I'm willing to endure grinding or mediocre gameplay if there's something to play towards.  Prefered platform: PC (PC games or Emulation)
[persona 3]	Greetings, everyone. I'm just going to level with you and be blunt right off the bat.  I'm a hopeless romantic. You will never hear me admit to it in real life, but here I am, splattering out my heart upon this figurative table of truth. I also, like the vast majority of you here, love video games. I cannot begin to count the titles I've played over the years. As a young female of 19, though, some of the games that stood out to me were games like Dragon Age (played the entire damned franchise thrice over, still don't have a canon), Mass Effect, and the Witcher, as they all had affairs of the heart mixed in, which I really enjoyed. So my question to you all, is this. Any good RPGs out there with a considerable romance subgenre? It needn't be the the focus, so I'd rather avoid visual novels, though if you know of one that you feel truly deserves recognition, feel free to list it. I'm open. I would, however, rather the game not be wholly centered on romance, but rather be a subgenre. I'm open to RPGs of all kinds: isometric, text-based, open world, what-have-you. Female protagonist (or at least a male/female option, like ME) preferable, though not necessary. Thank you all for reading this monolith of a post; I tend to ramble, and thank you for any and all suggestions.   TL;DR: LF an RPG with a romantic element. Female protagonist preferred though not obligatory. Open to all RPG types, though visual novels aren't exactly what I'm in the mood for (still open to suggestions, however). Romance should be a factor, not the focus, but again, open to anything you find exceptional.   That was a long TL;DR.  Thank you again!  **Edit**: Just realized I didn't specify one crucial detail: PC games. The only consoles I (currently) own are a PS1, Gamecube, WiiU, and a plethora of DSes. I like Nintendo. Please don't make fun of me.
[path of exile, tera ]	I want to get back into playing again and would love some suggestions from this subreddit. I was a really big fan of Runescape and Maplestory as a kid. I enjoy RPG's that aren't so focused on PKing other players. At least it not being a huge factor in the game. I like coin games where I can level up different skills according to how I want to play the game. A game like Runescape is the closest idea of what I'm looking for. I'm not to into paying, at least right now, so some recommendations of games that are fun in FREE PLAY would be great! I'm also not looking to play too heavily so something that is still fun for lower levels
[rogue legacy]	I really enjoy the Binding of Isaac. I also it when the items change the appearance of the character and adds other effects. Rather than just +damage it might add a special attack modifier as well.  I think I would like some sense of progression between runs as well. It isn't just a brand new game each time. I enjoy FTL (but not quite as much as Isaac). But I like how in Isaac and FTL you can unlock more things.  I also enjoy dungeon crawlers like Diablo III which I think are related to this as well. High replayability mixed with gathering items and those items also changing your character's looks while making the character more powerful. I like the chance at finding something new and more powerful to use.
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r.]	I used to play Chorme and Chrome SpecForce, and I loved those games. Now I am looking for other similar games where you play on huge maps with a lot of tactical/strategical gameplay, perferably with a lot of 'real' scenerey/nature (no intergalactic scifi battles please). I recently tried battlefield but there the single player mode was petty boring in the way that everything you had to do was follow the instructions, and there never were any alternatives, so it was a very strict path you had to follow throu the maps. The game I am looking for does not have to be full of action (well it won't hurt=) and I do not mind long lonely walk's throu forests and swamps! (Well if you knew chrome/chrome specforce you know what I mean=)  As I am not very up to date on what is currently available, can you provide any suggestions? Thank you very much!
[prison architect, go to hell]	I'm looking for a simulation game    I would like to Play between games of dota 2   Pref windowed so I can put in in my second monitor  I've been playing "Nom Nom Universe" on ps4 and it's great. I like the building and management aspect.   I was thinking of buying the newest sim city and just running with it, but city building isn't *that* fun. Though if it comes down to it I'll end up getting it.   I just want something where I manage something and build something. Doesn't have to be like nom nom when I say build either. I mean  hospital build, or rollercoaster tycoon build. Something with a good deal of cusomization.   I also play roguelikes, but I don't know of a sim roguelike other than the dungeon keeper clone.   So   Help?
[awesomenauts, mega man]	I've been playing Runescape on my laptop to pass the time. I used to play mainly League of Legends on my main PC, but now that its dead I gave it a go on the laptop which resulted in ~30 fps if I'm lucky.  Runescape was fun up to a point but it's just so grindy and it barely requires skill. I was thinking of giving Hearthstone a try, last year it made some popularity and I heard it was very fun. Anyone have any suggestions?  If it's of any importance, my laptop specs are below, but in general,  I can play league at ~30fps so that should mean something.  Processor: AMD A4-5000 APU with Radeon(TM) HD Graphics  Speed:  GHz  Number of Cores: 4  Video Card: AMD Radeon HD 8330  Dedicated Memory: 256 MB  Total Memory:  GB  Memory:  GB
[ultra street fighter 4, skullgirls, starcraft, dota 2]	For the last three years i've played league of legends almost exclusively, with some hearthstone and wow, maybe trying out a demo once in a while.   But it's been a long time since i felt like a complete noob with a game. It happened with wow, it happened with lol, it happened with minecraft, not so much with hearthstone as i watched a lot of videos before getting my beta key. But i think the feeling of discovering what a game has to offer is one of the most beautiful aspects of gaming.   I'd like a suggestion about a game that makes me feel like a newbie, and has a learning curve and process that is satisfactory, and that you can feel how you learn as the game flows.
[the witcher]	I've never been such a loss for words, but I'll explain it the best I can.  I'm looking for something that contains large amounts of exploration (and rewards you for it) with a pretty good story line. However, I also want the ability to do break off and do whatever I feel like doing at any time. I want to be able to run off and explore, find cool items, do side quests, and be able to jump back in the story no problem. I'd also like a very active modding community. I was THINKING of trying Borderlands or the Fallout series, but I'm hesitant and I'm not exactly sure why. It seems fun though!
[castle crashers]	I'm looking for a new game that I can play with my girlfriend.  She said   * she doesn't like creepy games or games that can scare her * She doesn't like Tetris (I do)  * She likes PvP (But I'm sure she will also love PvE, there just had to be PvP available)  * She says she likes "all kind of games", but she doesn't like sci-fi that much.  * She likes Minecraft and minigames   I am looking for a game that is something we can play for a long period of time and doesn't get too repetitive, like an MMO, but it can also be a minigame or even a fun flash game we can play for a couple hours. (It has to be online/multiplayer)  It can be anything, but it has to be free or rather cheap!   Thank you for reading and suggesting, if you need to know anything else to suggest games, just ask and I will answer asap!
[max payne 3]	I've been thinking about playing some RPGs but the ones I've played just appeal to me too much. I want something has either action or adventure or both. I'm not interested in MMO's either. I am also not really interested in really old games either, even though some of my all time favorites are super old like Secret of Mana =/   Games that I liked:  * TES 4/5, Fallout 3/NV (I loved to mod the shit outta those game do a whole bunch of side quests. Story was variable between the games but i liked the world)  * Dark Souls (Difficulty and the amount of time I poured into the series was great, and now I want to move onto something else)  * GTA/Saint's Row / Sleeping Dogs(Open world mayhem was fun, but got boring after a while. Story was quite fun to play)  * Hitman Series (Just overall fun, blood money was by far my favorite)  * Mark of the Ninja (Stealth was fun, and had a great story. Game play execution was well done by the dev's)  * Mass Effect Series (Story was great aside from the ending, and combat was good enough to keep me entertained)  * Metro 2033/LL (Story was excellent and gunplay was excellent as well)  *  Noire (I REALLY liked the story and gameplay for this)  * The Walkind Dead / Wolf Among Us(Excellent story and Characters)  Games that I tried but didn't like:  * Witcher series (I liked the story, but the combat was just too boring, even in Witcher 3, although the combat was improved by a ton, the game was still kinda boring)  * Two Worlds 2 (The game just plain sucked, gave it about 30 minutes before I just turned it off)  * Hotline Miami (Game was good, just not for me)  * Dead Island (Not fun, story blows)  * Dragon Age (I tried to like it. I really really really did, but the dwarf mines just really killed my enthusiasm for the game. DA 2 did not help, and DA3 was too slow for my taste)  * Transistor (I really liked Bastion, but transistor's combat was really meh, and the story was kinda meh as well. I just couldn't get into it)  * Not interested in VN's like Hato Boyfriend or Cat Lady or anything like that  In short, I guess I'm looking for a good game with a good story, and that is fun to play. I'm not really interested in games like Dear Esther or puzzle games like Thomas was Alone, and The Talos Principle either. Horror games also aren't my thing unless I can shoot the ghosts away.   I really wanted to try  * The Evil Within, but since the port sucks, I'm not gonna bother  * Resident Evil 6, but I heard I should take a pass  * KOTOR 1/2 but they were just too old, and I'm not a fan of the combat        
[resident evil 4]	Difficulty and challenge in gaming is something I've been genuinely struggling to find in good quality.  Too many games have *lazy* difficulty; where changing the difficulty setting just increases the amount of damage the enemies can take, how many enemies there are, etc.  The souls games are obviously a great example of a series that does difficulty right, but I've played them to death and I'm looking for something new.  So, please, can anyone recommend me games with legitimate, fair, and genuine challenge?
[dungeon siege]	Hey.  Right. I'm after a game in which i can grow a character. The easiest way to put what I'm after is to just say a single player vanilla WoW. I'll describe what I'm after using WoW terms for this reason.   * I want to have a character (or even a group of them) and I want to  have a world full of threats. I can explore these threats at my will but some are too high level, and so you quest to level/gear up and do harder ones. Eventually, you're gearing up with powerful armours, and you use these to bring down bosses. You use the loot from these bosses to bring down even harder ones etc.  As you can see, I'd like a game in which I can grow my character (or group of characters) strong and stronger with every time I log in. on top of this, I want a ramp of easy to hard content to have a REASON to keep gearing up. I've been playing the Witcher 3 recently, and while it's brilliant, it's more about the story than your character. I don't have to upgrade my character.  **On this note, has anybody played dungeon siege?** I used to have dungeon siege 2 and remember loving it. More importantly, i remember there was an option to create max level characters who were equipped with crazy strong gear. Troubble is, I can't for the life of me remember anything about the game. I played it maybe 8 years ago and can't for the life of me remember what there was to do.  **SO, in conclusion:** Does dungeon siege 2 or 3 focus on you raising a group of characters to a required level, and if so, are there different armour sets and actual "endgame" content for me to focus on. If not, what game does?   Thanks!
[the book of unwritten tales, beneath a steel sky, kentucky route zero, back to the future, the next big thing, adventure games, future games, gemini rue, deponia]	People seem to think the design philosophy of 90s point and click games are now outdated. Personally, I loved that shit. Sure, sometimes the solutions can be obtuse. An entire genre shouldn't be abandoned because a few games had some weird puzzles that made you scratch your head.  Nowadays, the adventure genre has been sullied by Telltale Games. It's difficult to know if what you're getting will indeed be an adventure *game* or an interactive movie. Of the recent series like Blackwell, Deponia, Kentucky Route Zero, etc, how many of them are truly about puzzle solving instead of the new thing Telltale Games created?
[phoenix wright ace attorney, the world ends with you, shin megami tensei, bravely default, animal crossing]	I missed it when console games had you just insert and play. Instead of advanced graphics and hardware, there were developers who were smart with their limits and made games I consider to be timeless. I kinda regret selling my DS on eBay when I was young, so I plan on playing DS games again along with 3DS games. And there are quite a few that I missed out on and would like to get a chance to play.  The genres I prefer are action, adventure, and RPG. Though I'm open to various other genres, even more so if it's story-driven. Or even those quirky cult classic Japanese games.  3DS Games I might get  * Animal Crossing * Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate * Bravely Default * Persona Q  DS games I might get  * Flower, Sun, &amp; Rain * The World Ends With You (I beaten it before, but I miss it it's my fav) * 999 * Final Fantasy Tactics A2
[heroes of might and magic iii, torment: tides of numenera, unreal tournament 2004, sins of a solar empire, neverwinter nights 2, command and conquer, planescape: torment, unreal tournament 3, pillars of eternity, unreal tournament*, supreme commander, age of wonders 3, tribes: ascend, strategy games, strategy games, strategy games, civilization v, baldur's gate, endless space, star citizen, serious sam, eve online, starcraft]	I have recently opted out of purchasing a PS4/XBox One and decided to instead use that money on a decent PC. I've heard some great things about PC gaming, but I thought I'd ask reddit for what they think the best PC games on or off the market are.   Certainly, I've played my fair share of hyper-popular PC games (like the Blizzard franchises, League of Legends, etc.) but I'm looking for titles beyond that.   I'd also greatly appreciate a rundown of PC games that you all are anticipating that are coming out in the near future.   Note: Sorry for the vague and broad title, but I have no idea where to start. Perhaps a top 10 (or top however many you're willing to write) would be helpful. 
[demon's souls]	Bit more on the question here. I played Dark Souls 1 : Prepare to Die edition on the PC. It was very enjoyable though I never finished it. Four Kings kicked the shit out of me.  I never played Dark Souls 2 in any capacity. I wanted to, but just forgot to get it. I did end up getting Bloodborne though and it looks amazing for a Ps4 game. Plays pretty good too, though the "magical" side of Bloodborne is lacking, it is still it's own game.  Do you guys think its worth getting Dark Souls 2, after delving into Bloodborne? Is DS2 even worth it, from a game standpoint (Is it a worthy successor of DS1)?
[elite: dangerous, dead rising 3, star citizen, watch dogs, gta v]	Windows 7 gaming desktop that will run any games and Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro  are the hardware I'm using.  I just got a pretty cool tablet set up next to my desktop, and it got me wondering if I can use it as an extra screen for any PC games.  Here's the only example I was able to find with google (Battlefield 4): http://  I'm not looking to turn my tablet screen into an actual extra screen as far as connecting it to my desktop and having windows recognize it... more along the lines of installing an app on my tablet that integrates with a PC and lets me browse menus, look at a map, etc while I'm playing.  I'm willing to connect directly to my PC, though, as long as the game is meant to support an android accessory screen thingy like I'm talking about.  Sorry if this is worded a little weird.  Basically, I want to feel like Tom Cruise in Minority Report.  Are there any games like this besides BF4?
[burnout paradise]	Any suggestions for a fun racing game, taking into account that I'm really bad at that sort of game? Specifically one where:   * The car doesn't go into a spin when you hit something (or even when you don't, as in certain games)  * You don't 'die' when you crash (not even a screen that tells you you've died but lets you continue), or at least you can take a lot of damage before you have to retire. Visible damage to the car is fine though.  * The graphics aren't too cartoony. I want it to look like a proper racing game even if it handles like MarioKart  Single player, of course, and preferably not too recent because my computer isn't particularly high-end. Something that's cheap on Steam or currently in a bundle would be ideal.  (not a troll post, I'm genuinely bad at racing games but still want something I can enjoy)
[metal gear rising: revengeance, dmc]	I'm basically a newbie when it comes to PC gaming, and I was hoping you guys could give me some suggestions as to what games to try out. I like mostly RPGs, hack-n-slash, action and adventure games, a la God of War, Warframe kind of deal.   Should I try and get through the Witcher 1 and 2 before I play Wild Hunt?   I'm kinda interested in playing Skyrim. I asked my roommate about it and he said that Skyrim is an older game and may not be worth it, but I see it's still pretty alive on the internet so maybe I could get into it before moving on the The Witcher?  Besides DMC, which is the only one I can think of, are there any games like God of War for PC? How about Bloodborne? I was going to buy my own PS4 and I really wanted to pay those 2, but they're Sony exclusive :(  If you would recommend one game I should delve in to and maybe get to really enjoy, which would it be?  Anyways, I'm pretty new but not completely devoid of knowledge. Any recommendations would be very appreciated, and please don't put too much technical stuff on there because I may not understand haha.   Don't be mean! I admitted I'm a newbie.   Thank you for any suggestions :)
[xbox one]	The Witcher 3 looks amazing. However, I have never been able to actually play a RPG. Tried playing Witcher 2, didn't even make it an hour in before I got overwhelmed. Also, I'm terribly indecisive and the idea that choosing a particular line of dialogue changes the story gives me anxiety.   So I'm looking for a game that is adventure oriented, not as complex with all of the things you have to collect and keep track of, and has medieval weaponry likes Swords, daggers, bow and arrow etc. A campaign that is not as dumbed down as the linear FPS that I'm used too, but also not as overwhelming as something like the Witcher or mass effect. Something in the middle. Another important consideration is that I don't have a lot of time for video games anymore. I might get 3-4 hours in on the weekend.   Thanks and sorry for being an inattentive noob.  Edit: Xbox one   Edit 2: Wow, only 11 RPGs for XB1 huh. OK, expanding the search to xbox 360.
[warframe]	I want a game I can play while listening to Rollplay videos on Youtube. I don't want to play anything that requires me focusing on in game dialogue or decision making.   A good example would be something like Destiny, but for PC--I could zone out in Destiny while doing strikes and listening to Youtube/Netflix.   I want something that I can "grind"--and I use that word kinda loosely--so I can at least be building towards something.  Any suggestions?   EDIT: I really liked some of the games suggested, but I ultimately decided to play... MINECRAFT!  Had not played in a long, long time, and I have to say that I am really enjoying it--Mine some diamonds, build some stuff, grow crap, and all the while just avoid getting blown up. Very casual. Very fun.
[sleeping dogs, this game]	Hello. Can anyone suggest me a game, which takes place in detailed and interesting city/town? It is ok if only part of game takes place in there. Any genre will work, though it would be cool if i could do something in that city. It would also be amazing if city NPC would be cool and could do interesting stuff.  Preferably for PC, but consoles before ps3/xbox360 are fine too, i will just emulate it. I will give some examples if what am i looking for below:  Deus Ex(original):  (+)Very detailed, huge amount of secrets and items around it, interesting to explore  (-)All city locations are rather small  (-)Most of interactions are only for main quest, no side activities  Gothic 1/2:  (+) Detailed cities, NPC are realistic and have daily activities  (+) Many side quests and some main quests  (=) Medium size  (-) Not much to do once you are done with quests  Fallout 1/Fallout 2/Arcanum  (+) Extremely detailed and interesting cities  (+) They are big and very interesting to explore(got lost in Tarant many times, had to use map)  (+) Many side quests which affect your reputation with town/city  (-) Almost nothing to do once you are done with quests  (-) Non-quest NPC do not do anything interesting  GTA/Saints row series  (+) Huge size  (+) Many side activities, fun to explore without missions  (-) Not much to explore, usually there are 5-10 fun locations and that is it, you can not even enter buildings in most cases  (-) Mindless NPC
[planetside 2]	Hey Reddit, This is one of my first posts here, Ive been looking for something new for a while to play, since almost every game seem to bore the hell out of me for some reason. So I'm looking for a new game to play that isnt  - MOBA - Pay 2 win - Extremely laggy on any PC (Mine is a high end so there's no worries there.)  Games that I play or enjoy is  DayZ,DayZ(Mod),H1Z1,World of warcraft,Counter strike : global offensive, Battlefield 4,GTA 5  I'm not even sure myself of what I'm looking for but it seems like i need something new and intresting to play online with my friends.  I'd appriciate this alot ! :) THANKS!  
[heroes of might and magic, rise of nations, age of empires, strategy games]	Hey there, I've been looking for a pc game that supports playing with a group of 6 or more people and the search is proving difficult.  [I have a small list that I've made so far](http:// but I'd really like to expand the options more. What are the best titles (preferably $20 or less) to play with 6 or more people?  Genre doesn't matter and we're willing to play browser games too. If the game has a lot of replay-ability that's a huge bonus!      edit: just realized Gmod is missing from the list.^
[team fortress classic, long live the queen, pop up]	We've all played our fair share of escort quests, whether it be Goldeneye 64 in my childhood or Bioshock Infinite in recent memory, but are there games out there where you play as the person being escorted? Games where you play as a helpless character and try to stay out of trouble while your escort(s) try and repel whoever or whatever that is attacking you?   The closest I can think of is if I roleplay as a peaceful character on Skyrim and hire a power companion. While Recettear fits the criteria thematically, mechanically you're basically controlling the adventurer, so that isn't exactly what I'm looking for.   Thanks in advance! 
[divinity: original sin, pillars of eternity, dragon age: origins, shadow of mordor, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, dark souls 2, fallout 3, pick up]	Sorry if you get a million of these. A few games I played recently and liked. I originally wrote it as a request but I guess it works as a recommendation too.  Dishonored: I got stuck because I'm a perfectionist and I was trying to get a no kill, undetected run and I didn't feel like redoing the longest mission yet. I liked the gameplay a lot, but it was slightly too easy. I already have Deus Ex: HR Director's cut. I got to the first boss fight on the non-director's cut edition and gave up a few years ago.  Transistor: I loved both Transistor and Bastion. I liked the creativity of the gameplay and how they did difficulty (optional "power-downs" that grant more experience). I love how the game forces you to adapt by removing weapons when you "die". I like the different weapon combinations. I loved the atmosphere. Pace was good.  Baldur's Gate: I liked it a lot back in the day. I like games with lots of interesting combat options and BG2 is great for mages that way (solo mage runs are very fun). Story was decent, voice-acting was good. I've heard varying things about Pillars of Eternity so I'm hesitant.  Alpha Centauri: I always liked this more than Civilization. I just like the feel better and it still plays well today. I already have GalCiv 2 which is also great.  Magicka: wizards are fun. Humor was decent. Interesting combos. Good pace.  Recettear: I actually liked the combat a lot in this game. Different enemies require different strategies. I liked the main game too.  Frozen Synapse: I love the concept but the fact that it's continuous space instead of discrete effectively adds a random element and it's supposed to be deterministic.  Antichamber: I loved it! Not much to say. I liked the "incremental puzzle" aspect to it, and how there were multiple places you could go in case you got stuck (a common problem in puzzle games). I also liked Braid and Portal for semisimilar reasons.  Orcs Must Die!: I liked the pace and the feel of it. I played the demo of something with similar gameplay and I didn't like it for reasons I didn't quite understand.  ---  Bought but have not played or haven't played much section. Feel free to rerecommend.  Banner Saga: oregon trail with vikings and turn-based combat. I only played a little bit so far.  Papers, Please: I heard good things.  Shadowrun Returns, Planescape:Torment, Arcanum, To The Moon.  Natural Selection 2: I love the concept but I have almost zero FPS skills.  Dark Souls: I was sort of looking for "Skyrim but harder". I found it too punishing. I definitely don't mind difficulty but I don't want to have to redo the entire level a hundred times before I figure out how to beat the boss. I just want to redo the part I messed up on.  Mark of the Ninja: I liked it until I got stuck.  PS: I'm thinking about getting Magicka 2 but it has mixed reviews. Any thoughts?
[homeworld 2]	I am currently re-playing the Warhammer 40K Dawn of War series (all of them) but I'm almost done with them (I don't like multiplayer).   So I'm wondering if anyone can recommend RTS games like DOW. I also love the Company of Heroes series (also by Relic), and other C&amp;C type RTS games. The top-down Warcraft games were also a favorite of mine.  I enjoy the RPG elements of building a character/ army that carries through the campaign as well.  Don't care too much about graphics or how old the games are, playing on my laptop.  Well, if anyone can think of a good title I haven't played yet I'd be very grateful!
[blade symphony]	Trying to be a little bit more open minded on games I play on my spare time.   I am a competitive Melee player that is extremely saddened this game isn't having a proper online mode.  I sometimes play League but get frustrated when it comes to teamplay mechanics (not bitching about teammates putting me down here, I hate being undeservedly carried more than anything else).  I'd ask for something that is RNG-less, because just like the teamplay, I like to win or lose solely on my performance and not because the enemy did some topdeck on Hearthstone.  Also, I'd really appreciate if you give me reasons as to why your game has a good competitive aspect!  Thank you in advance.
[broken age, game over]	My 9-year-old half-sister has expressed an interest in some of the PC games I've played, and I suggested us playing a game together.   The games I usually play on my PC are a bit too gruesome for someone her age though.  I think she'd enjoy something with a female protagonist and some puzzles.  A good storyline and decent graphics is a plus of course, but I'd want to avoid excessive violence, foul language, and sexuality.  Could anyone recommend something?  Thank you!  Edit: Grammar Edit 2: Thanks for the suggestions, everyone!
[fallout 3]	Looking at reviews it's been hard for me to tell if I will like Witcher 3.  I really like Bethesda's approach to RPGs, I've probably sunk more hours into FO3/NV and Skyrim in the last 6 years than all other games combined.  In Skyrim in particular, I really love the ability to head off an any direction without purpose and find interesting things to do while passing through beautiful landscapes and multiple climate zones.  Complex quests and stories don't do that much for me, and in fact I found FO:NV a little annoying with how it stressed political factions instead of exploring.  With that background on my tastes, do you think Witcher 3 is for me?  TIA!
[ooo]	Posted this in PCGaming's weekly, but thought I'd post it here as well: I'm looking for recommendations for a visually top-notch racing game where I can basically pick a car and race - I don't want to customise anything, I don't want a 'story' (but can tolerate it if it's just skippable cutscenes), I don't want multiplayer, and it would be good - but not essential - if I could use a 360 controller.  I guess I'm looking for something like Need For Speed 2's single-player back in the day, but with modern production values.  Any suggestions?
[xbox]	Dark Souls has been lying on my steam library for way too long now, and I have kept putting it off for even longer. Primary reason ? I do not have a proper controller that works with it. I'm a PC gamer by heart as such I do not know much about controllers alltogether, but I have tried things like x360ce to try to get some of the games I wanted to play in a playable state ( I finished Bully:Scholarship edition in such a fashion ) Others remained an implayable mess.( up is left for the camera in Dark Souls, or left is right in BFBC2, or some other BS ) I'm actually thinking about getting myself a proper controller. Things I am looking at right now is an XboX 360 wired controller, Wireless controller, and the XboX One controller.  Price-wise they are VERY close so that is not a factor.  I heard that the imput lag on the 360 ones has been the same for the wired and the wireless. The wireless being heavier than the wired one because of the batteries, that the wired one's wire will degrade too soon, and that the XboX One controller has the superior grip, button layout, triggers, D-pad and triggers. And even though it might be a bit heavier ( I do not know if I need to have batteries inside if the XboX One controller only works on my PC when its connected by USB, which is the only way I can use it on my PC since aparently that's by design, and there is no dongle for it like with the 360 Controllers )  When the games I am planning to play/try with a controller mostly include things like Dark Souls, Skyrim, Twinstick-shooters, and perhaps Minecraft. Which controller would you advise to me ? Or... maybe I have waited so long that I might as well wait a bit more for the steam-controller ?  thanks for reading and I hope to receive some very usable advice.
[demon's souls, demons souls, demons souls, bloodborne, ive]	I was wondering if Bloodborn could help me "get" what the Souls gameplay is all about (Basically softening up the learning curve) .  Tried a bit Dark Souls,  but felt a bit overwhelmed by my lack of understanding of its controls and mechanics.  The dark universe however very much appeals me,  and I'm totally okay with lack of guidance given I can feel some progress at some point.   Background : pc gamer with little to no experience with third person combat type games. Basically never played with a controler other than mouse.
[world games, gta, gta]	Hi GS!  I'm not much of a gamer,I tend to go for Open World/Sandbox style games, in the vein of GTA, LA Noire, Skyrim and especially Red Dead (PS3), although I tend to shy away from  I've just played through some of the Assassin's Creed games and thoroughly enjoyed them, and will be picking up Rogue when the price drops a bit.  Does anyone have any suggestions? I've got Just Cause 2 and maybe some of the Fallout games in mind(which I know nothing about), I didn't know if you guys had any other ideas, Thanks!  Edit: Thanks for the Feedback everyone, i'll check your recommendations out! :D
[head to head, arma 3]	Hi all! For some reason, I've always found myself fascinated by watching AI in games fight itself in large scale battles, but most games only offer it in little tastes. I always love spawning tons of  mobs of different factions in New Vegas or Skyrim and just watching them kill each other but it's not really enough to completely satisfy, ya know?  I was wondering if anybody could suggest full fledged games centered around this concept? The kind of thing that's not really an RTS, more like just setting up a bunch of units and letting the AI take over. Kind of like Gratuitous Space Battles but more focused on infantry and ground vehicles instead of space ships. Any recommendations?
[the binding of isaac: rebirth , far cry 3 blood dragon, alpha protocol, mass effect, the witcher, deus ex]	For years I've been feeling like most games leave something to be desired. What I desire? Great writing, a story, I couldn't care much about if the gameplay is clunk or wonky, something to make me laugh? Like Anachronox? Maybe excite me when I take down a gigantic dragon like in Dragon Age? Make me cry like in To the Moon or The Walking Dead? Maybe just make me think about life when I finish the game like I did with Spec Ops - The line or Bastion, and even though I disliked horrors or creepiness if it's well done, like Alan Wake or the opening area in KOTOR, I don't mind.  I have hundreds of games alone on Steam, I don't mind buying more, but it's very rare that a game will grab my attention or make me want to play it, the most recent games I played were Gothic, Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines, Anachronox, KOTOR 1 + 2, Alan Wake. I'm tempted to go back and finish Anachronox again even though I just finished it this morning, I want an enchanting story, it can be short or long, though I'd prefer a long story.  Seriously, any genre or type, I don't mind! You enjoyed a game recently that others hated? Sell it to me, make me want to play it, please dear gawd give me something to play! Thank you in advance. 
[get away]	I often find it odd that the MC of a game can just automatically believe everyone he met. I mean, a newcomer to a foreign place? a kind hero that is helping people? That should attract thousands of scammers, con artists and villains lining up trying to manipulate you. But what we get is like, 1 betrayer per game, as in Kreia, Master Li,     One problem is that since you can trust most NPC, all those choices of whether to be a good guy and help people has no bad consequences and becomes a no brainer.  So, what's some games where everyone is trying to use you? Thanks.
[ace of spades, this game, same game]	I just found out about this new game for the Wii U called Splatoon. It's a single player game mixed with online team vs team multiplay.  What got my attention was the fact that it doesn't feel like a game with toxic community at all unlike other team-based multiplayers around. It also doesn't focus much on "*you need to kill your opponent*", it's more a good balance of that and also just filling the place with your color. It doesn't look stressful to play, at least, not from the videos I've seen on YouTube. Just pure fun. Plus the art is really calming too since it's cartoony.  I'm looking for something somewhat similar for the PC,  since I can't justify buying a Wii U just for that game alone. I have a fairly capable system so I think I can run recent games without much difficulty.  EDIT:   Just to clarify, I guess what I'm after is a team-based multiplayer game that doesn't focus everything into "kill your opponents" but instead, have other fun mechanics into play.
[rogue legacy]	I'm looking for a game like Spelunky. I only have a PC to play on and I have an Xbox360 controller if the game needs it. I love Binding of Isaac Rebirth but I just feel it is too slow. I'm looking to pick up Crypt of the NEcrodancer when I have the spare cash, or it goes on sale on Steam but I'm not sure if it'll scratch that itch.  I love games like Spelunky where I can just jump in for 10 minutes have a good or bad run unlike BOI where you need a 40+ minutes sometimes.  Any suggestions would be great, despite how saturated the market appears to be with roguelikes or whatevery you want to call these permanent death addictions machines, it seems few have the depth yet simplicity of Spelunky :( 
[gears of war, warframe]	My favorite video game groing up was Halo. My brother and I used to play team doubles and try to get to level 50. I like the ranking system and the prolonged combat style, where if you were good enough you could take damage and still live. I also like that the maps/weapons are balanced so that they can be super competitive without giving an advantage.   Do you have a recommendation for a game that allows my brother and I to play team doubles and re-live the nostalgia of trying to get high rank?  Thanks Reddit!
[sins of a solar empire: rebellion, wolfenstein the new order, bioshock infinite, age of empires 2, age of mythology, rise of nations, grid autosport, grid autosport, racing games, project cars, homefront, f1 2013]	It's been 2 years since I practically stopped playing with my ps3 (I guess that the last game I bought and played with some dedication after BF3 was GTA V, and after that I just left it there). Right now I'm enjoying some games I bought on some steam sale years ago, together with the usual LoL, so I'd like to catch up with the market (or at least have a better picture of it).  Therefore, I'd like to know some racing games worth playing. I've heard about Assetto Corsa and it does look interesting, but I'd like to know what are the "triple-A" racing games released in the recent months/years, or just very good racing games. As an idea, the last racing game I've purchased was GT 5.  On the RTS side, I've bought Wargame Red Dragon, but I'd like to know some other titles. I'm not interested in Starcraft.  I'm also interested in FPS with an acceptable single player campaign.   I own a ps3 and a pretty good pc.
[enslaved: odyssey to the west, the last of us, metro 2033]	Just finished Bioshock Infinite - most fun I've had gaming in years. Didn't really enjoy the previous versions, but Infinite had the perfect blend of atmosphere, gun+"magic" combat... and having Elisabeth providing exposition and tossing you supplies was very well done.  Can anyone think of another game like it with that feel, especially the friendly NPC tag-along (not like GLaDOS, fuck GLaDOS) Seriously, I was digging through my games folder and wishing any of these other games I've put off playing had someone like her to keep you company.
[chrono trigger, golden sun]	Note, my favorite JRPG's at this moment are Persona's 3 and 4, but while I love those, that is NOT what I'm looking for. I'm looking for a game (lesser known is fine/great) where I go out and quest and discover a world, fantasy or sci-fi or cyberpunk or what have you, where the characters you party are not stock cutesy or stock idiot anime character types. As I'm asking for JRPG STYLE games, I don't care if its country of origin is Japan or not.   I'm ideally looking for PSX era to current (if I can get it legitimately on PC that's aces). Games I have played and enjoy of these kinds are Chrono Trigger/Cross, Breath of Fire 3, Star Ocean the Second Story, and others I likely can't remember.   edit: Not looking for Final Fantasies
[the binding of isaac, roguelike, power up]	**Required** | *Preferred*  **Small to Medium Size (&lt; 2GB)**  **Not Resource-Heavy (PC can run Crysis 2 at 15 FPS)**  **Playable Without Internet Connection**  *Storyline*  *Addictive (Example: Civ V)*  *Fast-Paced (Example: Lethal League)*  *Roguelike*  I really hope you guys can think of something; I need to go out of town for a while and I want something to entertain me other than reddit.  Thanks in advance!  ***EDIT:***  *Games I've Enjoyed*  Skyrim | Crysis 2 | TF2 | Risk of Rain | Faster Than Light | Unturned | Minecraft | Osu! | Lethal League | Portal | GTA V (PS3) | Dead Space 2 &amp; 3 | Five Nights at Freddy's Trilogy | The Forest | Borderlands 2 | Terraria  | Warframe | Starbound | C&amp;C 1/2/3/KW | Sir, You Are Being Hunted | One Finger Death Punch | The Sims 3 | This War of Mine | Magicite | 7 Days To Die | SCP: Containment Breach | Garry's Mod  *Consoles Owned*  PSP | PC (6GB DDR3 Intel Core i3 Win7)
[rune factory frontier, little king's story, xenoblade]	I just got my first Wii and some games. I'm mainly looking for RPGs (Not Strategy), but if you have any that you think I should play please list them.  I only have RPGs so far and Mario Kart.  * **RPGs**  *  The Last Story   *  Fragile Dreams   *  Tales of Symphonia 2   *  Arc Rise Fantasia   *  Opoona   *  Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles The Crystal Bearers   *  Pandora's Tower  *  Dragon Quest Swords ______________________________________ I'm wondering if Xenoblade Chronicles is worth that ridiculous price tag it comes with also.  
[the stanley parable]	Hi everyone, as stated in the title I am looking for a game where non-euclidean space (I hope that's the correct word) is a major element or at least not a one time gimmick.  Antichamber is an excellent example of what I am looking for. Also like 10 years ago I played a game called Breakdown (I think) on my friends Xbox and it had those weird paradox sections where for example you are walking along a floor in an office, open a door and end up in the middle of a desert, just to find another door there 5 minutes later and finish on the other side of the original office door.  So are there any other (good) games with such elements? I don't care too much about the actual genre.
[vampire: the masquerade - bloodlines, shadowrun: dragonfall, planescape: torment, dragon age: origins, fallout: new vegas, final fantasy, dragon age ii, baldur's gate, fantasy games, dark side, star wars, star wars, pick up, kotor, kotor, kotor, ffx]	I'm looking to get into RPGs, not the action oriented ones like Skyrim, Witcher and so on, but the more classical type.  So far I've only briefly tried FFX, FFVI and Radiant Historia.  What I'm looking for storywise is something different I guess? It seems like most of the classical RPGs are about saving a country from an evil country or just countries at war in general, and I'm not very fond of that. I think storywise I want something a little more personal, something that isn't too generic in its premise.  Edit: Platforms that I have access to are PC, X1 and 3DS.
[red orchestra]	I'm not a big fan of seeing enemies and teammates through walls via indicators and similar assisting mechanics or being able to resurrect teammates and so on. So I guess I'm looking for a realistic FPS even though it could be in a fantasy setting as long as it doesn't have those weird mechanics.  I recently picked up Heroes &amp; Generals and it's decent after a couple of hours in but the fact that I can see enemies (via indicators over their heads) through hills and buildings because my temmates spotted them kind of makes no sense to me and pretty much kills most of the enjoyment.
[torchlight 2, diablo 3]	So we prefer to mostly play co-op games, the exception being Smite. One of the guys I play with is not the best at FPS games and aside from Borderlands he actually doesn't even like them. So CS:GO or other versus-FPS games are a no-go. We did play some Dead Island, L4D2, and got bored of them.  Other games we have played and enjoyed include Diablo, Minecraft with mods, Risk of Rain, Awesomenauts, all the Borderlands, lots of Terraria, and GTA V. And a little Killing Floor, though it got old quick.  Games we've tried and NOT enjoyed are basically all MMOs, all other MOBAs (LoL, Dota,HOTS), Path of Exile, Firefall, Planetside 2.   Preferably a game with a long, enjoyable end-game, I think besides Smite, Diablo 3 is our most hours just because grinding legendaries and going for higher Grifts is a lot of fun. Borderlands 2 is one of our favorites and actually the latest game we played but we got tired of being 4-5 shot-killed by everything in TVHM even though we have great gear and are over-leveled by a few levels.   Hoping someone has an idea of what game we should play, we're running out of ideas and getting bored :(
[dmc: devil may cry, devil may cry 4, bayonetta]	I'm looking for a really fast paced/twitchy/difficult game like Vanquish or Ikaruga or so. Preferably a full fledged single player game I can really sink some time into. Any game with a lot of "blinking" (teleporting forward) I seem to enjoy too. The reason I liked Vanquish is that on the highest difficulty you play in kind of a trance as your full focus has to be on the game or you most likely die.  I have a gaming PC, PS4, PS3, Xbox360.  I tried Bayonetta, but didn't enjoy it enough to even finish it. Don't know why exactly. I'm not inclined to start playing CS:GO.
[saints row 4]	Hi guys,  Any recommendations for games with a great character creator where you can make your avatar part of the story?  I find myself enjoying the character customisation more than the actual gameplay for a lot of games. For example, **XCOM** drives me crazy and makes me rage, but you best believe that every single one of my soldiers are unique. Or with **Guild Wars 2**, I love messing with the wardrobe options to make characters. Back in the day, **Def Jam 2: Fight for New York** kept me busy for hours, making nerds, gangbangers and pimps of varying degrees. **Dragon Age: Origins** will always have a soft spot in my heart for the individual stories your characters could have.  Basically, I'm looking for a cool story driven dress-up game, ya dig?
[warhammer 40,000: space marine]	A pretty specific request, so I won't be surprised if nothing comes out of it. Doesn't hurt to try, though. Are there any action games (not necessarily FPS) out there that similarly mix sci-fi technology with Gothic architecture (and optionally Satanic themes) like *Quake III* does? Those who played the game know what I'm talking about and for those who didn't I have a few screenshots from the game for you to check out what I'm talking about: [1](http://, [2](http://, [3](http://, [4](http://, [5](http://, [6](http://, [7](http://, [8](http://   I already know about *Painkiller* and *Doom*. Are there any more examples of such level design?
[star control 2, mass effect]	I guess I'm looking for a true Freelancer successor, which of course does not exist (yet).  I want a Sci-Fi, Space maybe even Space Opera thingy that has at least some kind of main story. A Captain Picard simulator if you want so. But it doesn't need to be about spaceships and shooting. Even Cyberpunk would do it for me.  I played the Mass Effects already... Kotors too. Loved Anachronox.  Negative examples would be the X series an all the other space sandbox games. While I did enjoy trading and shooting random space pirates at some time now I long for a story that drives my game experience. Freelancer was perfect in that regard. 
[kerbal space program]	I'll be going offline for a while and I'm looking for some good singleplayer games of any genre. here's what I'm playing now.  * Cities: skylines * Neverwinter nights 2 * Warcraft 3 maps * Morrowind  * Stonehearth alpha  * Dwarf Fortress  * Banished * Stalker CoP  * Stalker SoC  * Mount and blade warband * Dcss  * Gmod (for LUA and 2wire fun) * Various interactive fiction titles  I've put plenty of time into multiplayer centric FPS games and I think I'm moving away from them. 2k hours in TF2 is about all I can stand. Thanks for any suggestions in advance. 
[dynasty warriors, hyrule warriors]	Ever listened to some[ Power Metal lyrics](https://  ^The ^clash ^of ^honor ^calls    ^I ^will ^stand ^when ^others ^fall   ^Open ^magic ^doors    ^The ^will ^know ^the ^power ^of ^my ^sword  ^There ^is ^blood ^in ^my ^hands ^there ^is ^blood ^in ^my ^eyes    ^With ^blood ^in ^my ^voice ^I ^scream ^as ^you ^die    ^Thirsting ^for ^vengeance ^and ^mounds ^of ^the ^slain   ^Shaking ^the ^forest ^onto ^the ^plain   Or  ^I ^will ^lead ^the ^charge   ^My ^sword ^into ^the ^wind   ^Sons ^of ^Odin ^fight   ^To ^die ^and ^live ^again    Well, I'm looking for a game with [this](http:// [exact](http:// [feel](http:// I want to shut my brain down for a bit and be epic and overpowered. Mighty animations, glorious weapons. If it's about swords and steel, even better, but actually I don't care. WH40k Space Marine comes pretty close for example. I just don't like modern military stuff, so no Call of Duty.  I don't know if I'm encountering some kind of second puberty... will you help me, my brothers in steel?
[galaxy on fire]	There is probably a better name for this genre, which i am unaware of :)  Anyway, i'm looking for a game with spaceships. Combat and/or exploration and trading. Think Freelancer, or Darkstar One etc.   I've tried searching a bit and there are dozens of games like this that are under development / are in public testing phase (Star citizen). So i'm a bit lost.   Can you recommend me a new-ish game from this genre that is fully completed? (i can consider alpha/beta games, as long as they have decent amount of content)  Thank you!
[dark age of camelot, star wars: galaxies, the secret world, dragon knight, meridian 59, everquest, out there, daoc]	I played it a bit on the PC during the Beta and really seemed to enjoy it a bit. I never played MMOs much however and haven't really found one i can get into. I've tried WoW and didn't really like it and a few other games but i seemed to enjoy Elder Scrolls online a bit.  I feel the need to ask though:  Does it stay fun over time?  Are there lots of end game stuff to do and reasons to come back from time to time?  How has it changed for the better and what features does it have to make it unique?  How are the factions and classes different in meaningful ways?  How is the PVP?  How does joining other people for things like 12 player arenas or 4 player dungeons feel?  and lastly i hear the term "themepark MMO" tossed around when talking abou the game and i honestly have no idea what it  does it mean?  I'm really looking for a good MMO that has a world that grows or changes or something i can come back to every couple weeks that has something new and fun to do, or something i could do a daily mission in or something of the sort.  I spend a lot of time playing different shooters and RPG games like Witcher or Dragon age and would like something i could play online.  If you have any other MMO games you could suggest based on what i want i'd be open to anything.
[mirrors edge]	My fiancee recently started to become interested in gaming. Broadly speaking, she likes slower paced story driven indie games, with her favorites being Papers, Please and The Stanley Parable. She also enjoys the talking bits of Elder Scrolls games and, a little out of trend, the entire GTA series.  I love strategy games with my favorites being the Paradox grand strategy games. Is there anything else in this realm that I should pick up besides the Paradox games?  Lastly, we also enjoy gaming together, usually with her making all of the decisions while I play something. Any ideas for what might be good in this category?
[ro2]	I've been looking at these games for some time and now that the Steam sale is upon us it's time to make  a decision. However, I'm still a little uncertain.  With 7 Days to Die, I've seen mixed review from various sources across the internet, yet reviews on Steam rate it as very positive. At the game's current state, is it worth buying or should I hold off? Also, Is this game an mmo in which I'm interacting with many different  players (ala DayZ) or is co-op just an optional feature? Do I need to play with friends to get the most enjoyment out of this game or would I be fine by myself?  As for Insurgency, is the playerbase active and thriving? Is the current state of the game worth playing? (I've had fun with other similar games like RO2, so I'm certain the tactical team based fps genre is suitable for me)  note: this isn't an "either/or" situation, I'm considering purchasing both
[fable: the lost chapters, fable anniversary]	Hi guys im looking for games like The Legend of Zelda.  It doesnt matter for me if its like Windwaker or Ocarina of Time (3D) or something like Link in the Past.  The important things for me are mostly the dungeons + puzzels but one thing I always hated about Zelda games was the combat because the combat was so one-dimensional and without any skills or spells.  If any of you know games like this please tell me :)  Games I have tried:                               Oceanhorn Monster of Uncharted (hated)                               Secrets of Grindea (loved)                               Binding of Isaac (new favorite)
[eternal daughter, cave story]	I really liked a lot of things about Castlevania SotN but after a certain point the game just becomes incredibly easy. The start is great, and up to about the Doppelganger boss it was pretty tough, but after a while you level up enough that with a huge health pool and so many recovery items I was killing every boss on the first try and eventually lost interest.         Should I check out the following games in the same vein like Aria of Sorrow or Order of Ecclesia? Are they as easy as SotN was? Can you at least choose to not level up to make it more difficult?
[crypt of the necrodancer, fallen enchantress, alpha centauri, alpha centauri, age of wonders, hotline miami, path of exile, endless space, roguelike, diablo 3, endgame, endgame, endgame, galciv]	Hey r/gamingsuggestions.   I find myself in a bit of a situation here; namely, I love video games, but don't really enjoy playing most of them anymore. My problem is that I simply cannot be bothered with most games that i try. I recently gave up on Fallout 3, because it was too dull, dark souls because it was too hard, Zelda: Wind waker because there was too much sailing involved, XCOM because I had to wait too long between moves and everything took too much time, FF XII because i hated the characters... etc etc.   Yet all I want to do is play games.   The only thing I'm currently enjoying is Civ V - because it's replayable, it's interesting, and you're constantly engaged. So guys, can you possibly suggest games that will engage me to the extent that i'm keen to sink more than an hour or two into? I miss that -must play- feeling.    My platforms are PC+Mac (both on a 2010 mbp with integrated grafx, though older games work fine), XB360, PS2, Android, GC and Wii.    To get a taste, my all time favourite games are (in no order)   TF2   Civ V   Final Fantasy IX   FF Tactics A2   KOTOR/Dragon Age/Bioware RPG   MGS 3   Oblivion   LoZ:OoT   Borderlands So as you can see, I enjoy all sorts.   Thanks in advance guys. you could do me a lot of good with the right suggestion!   EDIT: In case it helps, here are my specs on my pc/mac:    processor   8GB 1067MHz DDR3 RAM   GeForce 320m (256mb) graphics
[torchlight 2, outlander, loadout]	I don't look for a standard action-RPG either, I want to customize my gun to shoot shurikens that shoot lightning that turns enemies into zombies or something like that.  Having to rely on loot to do that is fine.  I'm enjoying Binding of Isaac in that regard but permadeath and very short play sessions hinder me somewhat, plus I'm bad at twin stick shooters.  Please don't recommend Path of Exile, I don't play always-online games and I have a large backlog of Diablo-style games in the first place (Diablo 2 mods, Torchlight 2, yet another Titan Quest playthrough, two Van Helsing games, Grim Dawn when it gets released)
[borderlands 2, borderlands 2, mad max]	So, I'm looking for an RPG that's the closest to Fallout in terms of story, world design and humor. Doesn't need to be post-apocalyptic. What I'm looking for is a similarly masterful combination of dark, serious, morally ambiguous themes and goofy shit mixed with popculture reference galore. An RPG like Fallout 2 or New Vegas, where inbetween saving people from certain doom and taking part in political struggles between factions, you could do completelly silly stuff like becoming a pornstar, sabotaging a casino ran by a faction pretending to be 1930s Mafia, or persuading people using probably the weirdest lines of dialogue I've ever seen, making the whole thing seem more like you're controlling their minds rather than persuading them. All of this while being clad in Mad Max's leather armor and killing people with a revolver from Blade Runner.   Can you think of any RPGs that are similar to Fallout in terms of the stuff I mentioned?  EDIT: Forgot to add, in case anyone's having any doubts, that I'm looking for PC games.
[grid autosport, grid autosport, grid autosport, grid autosport, racing games]	It's been a while since I've played a racing game, and I've been getting that itch to play one. I enjoyed Need for Speed High Stakes and Hot Pursuit 2 in the past, as well as games like Crash Team Racing and Mario Kart. I already picked up the sonic racing game for a casual, arcadey, multiplayer/party game, so now I'm looking for a game with real cars.  Anyway, I'm looking for a game that:  -has good controls, works well with a 360 controller  -has fun singlepayer, multiplayer is a plus but not necessary  -Graphics are a plus, but I don't mind playing older games  -"Real", AKA no mario kart  -PC game  I was looking at Assetto Corsa, it looked really good but idk if it would be really fun, or if it would be too hardcore or sim-focused.  Thanks for your suggestions in advance!
[this game]	Hello!   Today I was thinking of this fantastic board game, and actually missing it.  Is there any game (preferably online, given the principle of the original board game) that looks like Cluedo?  Here are some games I thought of :  * Town Of Salem. It doesn't really fit though, since especially Turn 1 is just based on randomly thinking X is the culprit. * The Warcraft 3 Map whose name I can't remember ... It was like in a manor, and everyone was playing a victim, but on top of that, one player was also playing an invisible assassin. He had to manage playing both the victim &amp; the ghost.  I'd really enjoy checking any suggestion, don't hesitate to post ideas as long as the principle stays kind of the same!   Thank you in advance  Edit : Seems like the game is called "Clue" in America. My apologies
[viewtiful joe]	When I say fabulous and badass, I mean something along the lines of JoJo's Bizarre Adventure. Fashionable clothes, colorful artstyle, weird stuff going on, stylized action, etc. Something that isn't dark and edgy but still exciting in a way. Bonus points if the soundtrack evokes the same feeling.  Preferred genres are action and RPG, but I'm okay with others as long as it's not as complicated to control as an RTS or MMORPG.  The systems I have are PS2, PS3, PC, Wii, Vita/PSTV, and 3DS.  I'm sorry if I'm vague, so look at the examples below. I hope this makes it easier to understand. Games I have that fit what I'm looking for are...  * [JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: All Star Battle](https:// * [El Shaddai: Ascension of the Metatron](https:// * [Bayonetta](https:// * [Persona series](https://
[dragon age inquisition, shadow of the colossus, monster hunter, dragon's dogma]	I love the gameplay of MMORPGs. What a lot of people find boring about them I find rewarding. I like doing quests, even ones that involve me just kill a certain amount of enemies or gather a certain amount of items, and I like gradually acquiring new sets of armor and weapons more powerful than my last for completing these quests.  The only problem is that I don't really like having to party up with strangers. The title of this post is a little misleading, I don't HATE people, I'm just very introverted and shy. Most MMORPGs kind of play against that and require you to team up with fellow players in order to progress, at least in dungeons and such.  So what I'm looking for is an MMORPG without the MMO. But not exactly just an RPG either, because that's a lot more broad of a genre than what I'm looking for. Turn-based RPGs for example aren't really up my alley, I like them but that gets TOO repetitive for me. I like to just bash an enemy's head in at my own pace.  I'm aware that a lot of games like the Elder Scrolls and Fallout series' sound a lot like what I'm looking for, and that's absolutely true. I've loved those games for years, but have unfortunately already enjoyed them to the point where I'd like to look for something new. New to me, anyway. I don't care if it's an older game.   Character customization is a MUST. The deeper and more complex the better. I'd prefer to be able to at least play as a woman considering that I am one and like to self-insert into these games and pretend the protagonist is LITERALLY me. I'm egotistical and vain like that.
[fallout 3]	Just built my pc  [PCPartPicker part list](http:// / [Price breakdown by merchant](http://  Type|Item|Price :----|:----|:---- **CPU** | [Intel Core i5-4460  Quad-Core Processor](http:// | $ @ NCIX US  **Motherboard** | [ASRock B85 Anniversary ATX LGA1150 Motherboard](http:// | $ @ SuperBiiz  **Memory** | [Kingston HyperX 16GB (2 x 8GB) DDR3-1600 Memory](http:// | $ @ Amazon  **Storage** | [Sandisk Ultra II 240GB ;quot; Solid State Drive](http:// | $ @ B&amp;amp;H  **Video Card** | [Sapphire Radeon R9 280X 3GB Dual-X Video Card](http:// | $ @ Amazon  **Case** | [NZXT Source 210 Elite (White) ATX Mid Tower Case](http:// | $ @ SuperBiiz  **Power Supply** | [Antec High Current Gamer 620W 80+ Bronze Certified Semi-Modular ATX Power Supply](http:// | $ @ Newegg  **Monitor** | [Acer H236HLbid 60Hz ;quot; Monitor](http:// | $ @ B&amp;amp;H   | *Prices include shipping, taxes, rebates, and discounts* |  | Total (before mail-in rebates) | $  | Mail-in rebates | -$  | **Total** | **$**  | Generated by [PCPartPicker](http:// 2015-06-15 20:36 EDT-0400 |  I was a league of legends player for several years. I no longer enjoy the constant stress and intense focus involved with that game.  I have pretty much no other pc gaming experience.   I'm looking for something more relaxing with bursts of action and horror elements. Post apocalyptic zombie games are looking like good options, but I am unfamiliar with what's out there.       
[the walking dead, assassins creed, call of juarez, darksiders, god of war, bioshock]	Okay, so this sounds really, really lame and corny but I'm looking for a cinematic game. What I mean is, I'm looking for games that replicates the same feeling of watching epic movie scenes such as fight scenes and other action scenes.                   Some examples of games like this is Saints Row 3 which has a bunch of corny action scenes (like jumping out of a helicopter and shooting at people mid-air), an example of this is [this Saints Row 3 mission](https:// doesn't exactly portray how awesome that mission actually was) which was also really awesome because of the music to go with it.         There's also the CoD series which is really famous for its famous cinematic moments. One of my most favourite moments in those games was planting a C4 and waiting for it to explode then clearing out the room while everything is in slow-motion. It's so cheesy but fun though.                  Anyways, thanks heaps for taking the time to read this.
[minecraft]	Basically, she enjoyed Skyrim a lot but isn't so much a fan of fighting. She mostly enjoyed hunting, exploring, building her house, interacting with NPCs, that sort of stuff. And making her character--we're definitely looking for an RPG with character creation. A little combat is fine, but I think she mainly got sick of dragons attacking her every ten minutes.  I'm not sure if there are games out there to fit this bill, or any good ones at that, but i figured I would come here and ask, just in case.  Thanks in advance!
[mercs]	Mount and Blade is great, I've sunk so many hours into it already and will inevitably go back for more later. But one thing that has always bothered me about the game (specifically mid-late game) is that there are basically no options as the ruler of a town or castle or city, or kingdom.   I'm looking for something like adjusting tax rates, viewing populations, trade, investing in various stuff around the village (like farms, or mines, or whatever)  Maybe having Barracks as a building option within cities. So that trained soldiers can be recruited (at a higher price).   Mods or other games would be acceptable, but I feel like a lot of what I want just wouldn't work with the way the game is built, so a new game seems necessary.  Obviously I'm hoping this all gets fixed in Bannerlord.
[little inferno]	 I really like the early gameplay concept, I played Reactor Incremental, Adventure Capitalist, Cookie Clicker, Clicker heroes, and quite a few others. They are fun in the beginning and basically designed to get you addicted but in the long run they all share the one flaw of becoming incredibly boring and repetitive. Also - you can't lose in most of them.  I'd like to know if someone knows an idle game that's actually left them satisfied and happy after completing the game, instead of realizing after a few days that they'll probably never complete it because each patch adds 3 zeros to a meaningless number.  I don't care if it can be completed in one sitting or if you can die/etc. I just like the way I can watch my stuff grow, a plus for animations or even strategic value.
[stranded deep]	I'm looking for a game where you start with pretty much nothing, and then you have to gather resources and build things to develop. I know there are games like Stranded deep, but that's not exactly what I'm looking for. What I want is that as you develop, your population will grow. Like if you go into the forest and stumble upon a few people wandering around, they join you and start building their own huts, then reproduce and so on.. Eventually you'll end up with a tribe or civilization, and you compete against other civilizations/tribes.  What I want is kind of a mix between Civilization V and Stranded deep. You start out like in Stranded deep but develop and compete with other tribes like in Civilization V. I also like the discover the world thing in Civilization V.  Preferably in 1st/3rd person view  Are there any games like this or am I too specific? lol 
[avalon, avalon]	Hello,  in light of the current steam sale a buddy and I are looking to find a new game to enjoy our evenings.  After playing countless hours of LoL and Heroes of the Storm, we're effing done with the MOBA genre and like to tackle something new.  We've played a lot of MMO's already, too, such as: WoW, SWTOR, TERA, Wildstar  Basically, we're looking for something innovative that's a lot of fun and keeps us going for at least a couple months.   Have any of you experience with Planet Explorers? It looks really cool and would be exactly the kind of thing we're looking for.   Cheers 
[deus ex: human revolution, shadowrun: dragonfall, planescape: torment, shadowrun returns, alpha protocol, alpha protocol, mass effect 2]	I've met Mass Effect with its third game and I absolutely loved it, never understood the disappointment. After that, I played the whole series and it became a little bit more clear.   Anyway, long story short I really liked the dynamics in the game. Action harmonised with role playing, having the ability to choose and killing enemies at the same time was good. I also really like Telltale Games' series and the new game Life Is Strange.   So, I've tried other RPGs like Witcher. Witcher is good, but something is missing. I'm talking to people like a robot, getting missions, doing them. Most of the time, there is no character interaction, I just wander around the streets and an enemy comes out of the dark alley like "surprise!" and I easily kill him/them.   I want something with character interaction, that let's me make my own choices and a little bit action with it would be good. Here are some games I've played and loved:  Mass Effect Series, Telltale Games', Life Is Strange.  I also love mindless killing in FPS but it is another matter. So, can you please help me find good games?
[dwarf fortress, be good]	I like playing games where you start with jack shit, and slowly earn a little bit more, and build up over time - the longer it takes to progress, the better.  Examples of this might be Gran Turismo, where you start with a shitty car and it takes a while as you save money to upgrade it, then eventually get a new car, and so on.  Or Mafia or Saint's Row III, where you start with nothing and earn a collection of cars and houses and take over the city. Privateer, some turn-based 4x stuff, so on and so forth. The longer it takes to earn stuff and get powerful, the better.  What suggestions do you have for games like this?  Anything's fair game, even f2p MMOs (if I wanted a monthly sub fee, I'd just go back to WoW).  Cheers.
[guild wars 2]	So I really want to find a game that is graphically pleasing. I played Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning and the forests there are marvellous. [Here is an actual screenshot](http://  But now I finished it and while the game may be set in a beautiful world, mechanic-wise its pretty disappointing. Combat is too easy and options are pretty limited, when comparing mage to warrior to assassin, potions are completely useless even on hard, etc.  So I was wondering if anyone knows any other games that have very beautiful scenery and is fun as well as challenging.
[trackmania]	I've recently loaded up my old NFS Most Wanted but I know most of the tracks by heart.  Therefore I am looking for something similar which would have better replayability,  track/race editor.  Must have: 1) on PC or on something that can be emulated decently (PSP yes, PS2 no, PS3 no)  2) track/race editor/randomizer  3) realistic cars (no Wipeout clones, no Trackmania karts)  4) arcade style (I already have rFactor for that sim scratch) - Juiced/Midnight City/NFS style, not Trackmania loop-de-loop style  Hopefully:  1) licensed cars  Any ideas?
[space pirates and zombies, space rangers]	i find that not being able to save and continue to be, while being the whole point to perma death, rather annoying. i was wondering if anyone has seen or heard of a game with a very similar play style but more open and less "hurry and go forward so you don't get caught by the enemy armada hot on your tail." I really like modifying my ship and earning in game currency, but i wish there was a different game mode that let me just wander around and kill stuff on my own terms, maybe be a smuggler or something. is is there a game like that? that just lets me fly around space and do whatever? but with similar graphics (and sub $5 price tag if applicable lol)
[phantasy star online]	I will be buying a PS4 soon and was wondering if Destiny would be good for me. mI love BL2 a lot and played it quite a lot, even the DLC. Always looking for a new and better gun, that was what I liked about it. I feel like Destiny is also kinda the same.  I watch Roosterteeth play the game, and from what I've seen, it doesn't seem to have much of an emphasis on characters. In BL2, you had wacky and crazy characters but I just don't see that in Destiny. Maybe it was just those guys playing it, but thats what I felt.  Also, are the DLC a must buy for this game? Or just playing through the main story is good enough? I also forgot to mention, but I will be playing it completely alone. I did the same with BL2. Occasionally I might play online with an extra player or 2 but for the most part, it was a solo experience. What do you guys think? 
[the walking dead, game of thrones, the last of us, shovel knight, chroma squad, this game, minecraft, minecraft, fallout 3, sci-fi, halo 2, halo 2]	Hey r/gamingsuggestions! When I was kid, I only played Pokemon Yellow and Harvest Moon so I don't really have much experience in gaming. Last Christmas, however, I tried Portal and loved it so I also played Portal 2. For some reason I got really interested in games in such a short period of time, so I made a Steam account and downloaded a few games. I'm currently playing The Talos Principle and loving it.   I really want to play FPS games but when I tried Mass Effect I couldn't shoot without screaming so I stopped LOLOL. I mainly play puzzles like Quantum Conundrum, Portal 2, The Talos Principle but also would like to try games like Mass Effect and Half Life.   How do I practice first person shooters without panicking? I just downloaded Garry's Mod and created a few zombies to shoot and now I feel like a loser.   Also what other games should I play? I know I must have missed out on a lot of classic games so recommendations would be appreciated. :3 Thank you!  EDIT: Thanks everyone :)
[the binding of isaac: rebirth]	I'm new to Steam and am primarily a console gamer. I love puzzle, platforming, and action games, but am open to pretty much any genre. Some of my favorite games/series are The Legend of Zelda, Portal, World of Goo, Call of Duty, and Mario.  Here's the stuff I bought during the sale so far:  * Defy Gravity * One Finger Death Punch * Spelunky * Faster Than Light * Limbo * Terraria * Dustforce * Team Fortress 2  I have a budget of $25 and was looking to buy a few more games. Namely:   * Gmod  * Super Hexagon * Fez * CS: GO  * Half-Life * VVVVVV * Runner 2 * Braid * Papers, Please * The Elder Scrolls: Skyrim.   Which of these are worth the money and offer the most value? Do you have any other suggestions?  I also have a poor PC. My specs are:  * Intel i5-4460 Quad-Core @  GHz * 12 GB RAM * Intel HD Graphics 4600  Thanks for any responses. [Here's my Steam ID](http:// if anyone's interested.
[running with rifles]	Excepting MMO (since probably all of them would fit here), I am looking for games that don't has rules specific to the player, even better if that is obvious, with stuff just happening around you as you go.  For strategy and 4x games a good example would be games where the AI don't cheat, and don't gank on you, and instead treat you as they would treat another AI player.  For games where you go on an adventure (ie: FPS, action-adventure, RPGs, etc...) is one where the NPCs follow the exact same rules as you, and if possible they continue to be simulated while you are not there, and can interact with each other.  For business simulation games, it is when the AI can run business using rules similar to yours.
[minecraft]	She played all LEGO games with little or no help except jurassic world which she's getting soon. She also plays a lot of webbrowser games and old barbie games.   I want to give her some games that are easy so she doesn't need help or/and have puzzles with lots of hints. Scribblenauts Unlimited was in theory great because of the creative freedom and puzzles but she kept using around 10 words for everything. Point and click games are too difficult because of the sometimes illogical solutions.  Any suggestions? Dialogue-heavy games need to be available in dutch.
[path of exile]	I've always been fond of the way you could create dozens of viable builds in the souls games, and I've always wondered if there is a game that goes much further in terms of customization, both of your character (as in, hundreds of different stats) and of its weapons (I loved the gun building in Resonance of Fate for example, and God Eater's bullet building system makes me really interested too).  Is there something that will fit my needs?  Thanks!  EDIT: wow, sorry for the typo in the title, just remove the "a"!
[black and white]	Hey!  I'm looking for games in which you "help" a creature/object/something to learn, improve and get optimized. Let me give you some examples so you have a better understanding of what I mean:  - I liked botting in Silkroad Online, much more than the game itself. You had to set up a lot of options/behaviour, like the places where it bots, which loot to pick up, how to respond to x-situation, how to behave in combat etc. ... I think you get the idea. I loved doing something else, checking in from time to time, tweak a bit and watch the progress. - I liked Black &amp; White because you raised your creature, you could control it, you could train, teach and make it perfect - Recently I watcher a video of marI/O, which is a programm that learns to play super mario bros. It didn't even know how to move until it learned it on it's own. This programm is not a game, but I loved the idea of being able to see something learn. Here is the link if you want to check it outhttps://  Is there a game in which this basic mechanism of setting something up (rules, behaviour, options etc.), seeing how it works and coming back to tweak it again so it because better at what it is doing? I know my descriptions are vague, but does anyone have some suggestions?   best regards!
[cities skylines]	I've been watching Netflix a bit more recently and like to sort of have Netflix on one side of my screen and a game on another.   Anyways, I've played some modded Minecraft, a little Terraria/Starbound, a lot of Binding of Isaac and some incremental games here and there.   I'm looking for some games that don't really require a lot of attention and are more laid back than anything. I'm open to older games that I can emulate too, if that helps.  I know Isaac doesn't really follow that criteria but it's pretty much my go-to game. ;)  Thanks!
[tf2]	Hi,  I'm looking for a multiplayer game, co-op or pvp, where the objetives are clear and there is no need to communicate/depend on your team. "Free For All" style is also welcome. I can't use mic and don't want to stop playing to type, but "Ping" type communication is ok. PC preferred, but it can be in xbox 360 too.  The reason is that sometimes I want some "me time" to play games by myself without anyone asking for grouping.  This means, sadly, that the one game that I know, enjoy, and got the type of multiplayer I'm looking for, Diablo III, also lacks the option to hide from everyone in your friend list.  I know that the logical solution is to learn to say "no" but when I come home from work I feel like just playing, not working in my social issues by explaining little Timmy why I dont want him to help me level (And then explaining to his mom).  So, do you know any game that can be played with random people in a "every man for himself" fashion, without pressure?  Some gaming background:  Burned out of Warframe for now, awesome game to play if you let them update it for a while after burning out.  No MOBAs. Tried Heroes of the Storm (seems it is the less MOBA of the mobas) with a new account, and didn't like it.  If it's an arpg, I would like it to be very different from Diablo 3 (No Path of Exile). I have played Torchlight 1 and 2, and loved them, but D3 is right now my arpg of choice. Also, played Borderlands 2 to death(trap).  I suck at RTS games, I have never played one for long, but I would be willing to learn. Is there any RTS that has a good player base and it's not SC2?  I also play Guild Wars 2 once a year, but I always get bored before reaching the lvl cap.  Finally, I did enjoy COD some years ago, and i'll be revisiting the franchise with BOIII when it's out. Seems like Titanfall without titans, and the COD games always have gametypes like FFA.  TL;DR: Non blizzard game, multiplayer but without need to communicate and random-friendly (every man for himself). Burned Warframe, Borderlands, Torchlight 2, Titanfall.  RTS and FFA Arena Shooters if they have good active playerbase. Didn't like MOBAs, Guild Wars 't like MOBAs, Guild Wars 2. PC or xb360.  Thanks in advance for any help. I have been looking for a game of this type for months now, so I hope that any recommendations made can help anyone that may be looking for something similar.
[endless legend]	I have a problem: I always loved RTS, but after internet showed up, and I started to see multiplayer RTS and see how other people play... I lost completely my love for the genre, it tends to favour people that have a chess-like opening book, and that can click faster than you, it does not really matter how smart you are.  I did had some time of thriving in TA Spring team matches, usually my team had someone good in doing classic RTS stuff, and then I could do the unorthodox stuff (example: helping our team by building units that ressurect other units, and then hunting the strongest dead units in the battlefield to assemble a surprise army... or acting as a commando: send my small, and normally not effective army to the frontlines, but control each one of them manually and evade enemy fire, causing disproportional damage and forcing enemy commanders to stop looking at their bases to come fight me manually too), still 1x1 battles I always lost, TA Spring had no campaign (I love campaign!) and it was still obvious the game was not geared to my playstyle.  So, there are any RTS where click per second don't matter?
[the stanley parable, lifeless planet, ether one, gone home]	Dear game suggesters!  The last few days, I was going through some of the E3 videos, thereby I stumbled upon a game previously unknown to me called "Firewatch" by Campo Santo.    It is due for release sometime this fall I think. I have watched all videos available for this game so far and I can't wait to play it!       While waiting for this, I was curious if there are already existing games like it. Games which focus on "slowness", exploration, adventure and maybe a little mystery. Unrelated to firewatch, I found an online article describing some of these "walking simulators" (it is a GOOD term for me!), and this article suggested the following games:      * Ether One * Proteus * The Vanishing Of Ethan Carter * Dear Esther      Did any of you play any of these games? How did you like them? What was good/bad about them? I am defintely going to buy and play at least one of them, therfore I would be happy to receive suggestions.   I am not looking for combat, or horror, or any alien or some action shooter stuff. I would love adventure/investigation, a good story (and some kind of narrative maybe), a little mystery (not a prerequisite, though), presented in a slow-paced manner. A game I can really sink into. So, dear Reddit, what are your thoughts?
[pillars of eternity, dark souls 2, ff14]	I've just finished playing Witcher 3 and loved it, but I'm now at a loss as to what I should play next. I like RPG/strategy games best, especially those with some degree of character customisation/choice.  Also, I like games with pretty graphics (eye candy) as opposed to  "retro", 8 bit games, and games which offer some kind of challenge. Examples of other games I've liked are Divinity: Original Sin, Borderlands, Dark Souls, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, XCOM, King's bounty, Starcraft, Diablo, Final Fantasy, Rome: Total war, and the Elder Scrolls games (once modded to hell).  Also, I'm looking for a (preferably free) MMO to act as a time sink. Graphics/customisation/guilds/personal achievements/rich story/quests are my top priorities for this. So far I've spent about a year in WoW (got bored with Pandaland), and about a year in Guild Wars, but they feel stale now. I also enjoyed EVE for a while until people I knew stopped playing.  So, I appreciate any suggestions for either a "proper" game or a MMORPG.  (edit: this is all on PC, in case that's significant).
[star wars republic commando]	Hey guys  I recently got the urge to try something like the old Brothers in Arms games on PC. For those who don't know it was a FPS set during ww2 where you played as the SO of a platoon or a squad (don't remember exactly).   I don't know if I want to go back all the way to the game from 2005 as I don't have the nostalgia urge. But I want to experience the same gameplay.  Anyone know any FPS-games like that? Ww2 set is a big plus. How does the more recent Brothers in Arms hold up (the one from 2008 I think?).
[orcs must die!, path of exile, dark messiah, guild wars, get away, diablo]	I would like to play as a wizard/sorcerer/warlock/mage. It needs to be singleplayer. No Platformers please. I'm looking for one I haven't played yet, so here are those kind of games I already have played or didn't like: Skyrim, Oblivion, Morrowind, Dragon Age Series, Divinity Series, Gothic Series, Risen Series, Torchlight Series, Pillars of Eternity, Kingdoms of Amalur, Lichdom Battlemage, Baldur's Gate Series, Icewind Dale Series, Neverwinter Series, The Witcher Series   To be clear I have already played pseudo-mage characters/builds in Jade Empire and Vampires: Bloodlines and half-mages like in Dishonored and Bioshock and psionics in Mass Effect and Star Wars games.
[know how]	I haven't played many RPGs (outside of JRPGs). I played through Fallout 3 recently and this is something I felt was missing from the game. I never felt like my character was becoming important or strong.  So now I'm looking for a game were the playable character starts from nothing, and ends up slaying dragons or killing (or becoming) a god.  It could be a fantasy or sci-fi game, western RPG or JRPG, doesn't matter. It has to be playable on PC (native PC game or through emulation) and be from before 2009-ish because my PC is a potato.
[killing floor 2]	**Reposted because I spelled "horde" as "hoard." I already have Fallout installed on my PC so I don't need a hoarding game.**  Ok, so I'm playing on a laptop with a nvidia 940m and a cpu rated up to  ghz. Where I'm living right now has some real spotty internet, to the point where I can barely finish a match without getting disconnected from the server at some point.   So what I am looking for is a single player FPS, preferably something that is kind of like a horde mode so it's more repayable (and fairly mindless).  Preferably one that won't blow up my computer (it can run most games fairly well). 
[eternal darkness]	I recently saw a video by [Extra Credits](https://, which explains why most games don't do Cthulhu and other fantastical horror entities justice. I really recommend watch the video to really understand what my request is about.  Done? Good! So here's a list of games I've played that have given me the feeling of existential horror, or at least some moments like it:  * Both Amnesia games. I feel the second one is somehow even stronger in this feeling. * Penumbra series: similar to above. * Call of Cthulhu: DCOTE. I mean, duh. I'm still not done with this game, but I already reached the last few levels in a previous playthrough. I might download some saves and try again. * System Shock 2. I haven't played this one yet, but I do have it in my library. * The Stanley Parable. Haha yeah, I'm being serious. If you twist your POV a little bit you realize just how messed up this in-game universe is and just how powerless you are.  Does anyone have any suggestions of games that fit this kind of narrative and themes?
[state of decay]	Basically I am looking for a survival game with a few key features  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ **Scavenging for loot**  **Building/Barricading**  **First person 3d or 2d isometric like zomboid**  **Zombies**(Optional)  **Leveling/Skills**(Optional but would be appreciated)  **Traits/Occupations**(Optional and like in zomboid)    ***NOT DAYZ/RUST/THE FOREST/THE LONG DARK***  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- By the way, I am also describing a game such as how E3 showed us fallout 4 because it got me in the mood for those kind of games
[minecraft]	I want to chill out, not to survive or save the world. I want to hunt some deers, sell the skin and meats at the market, and come back to my house with a bottle of beer.  The long dark easy mode is a good example but I don't want to be alone and struggle to survive.  Another thing that comes into my mind is Skyrim with some mods, but I don't like how its combat is so dull and clunky. And the whole world screams at me to save it when I just want to chill out. Maybe you can suggest me some mods.  I would like to use a bow but it's optional.  Edit: I want it to be realistic. Its okay to be a fantasy but something like super large sized bow with lightning arrow should not be a default weapon.
[fable 3]	Looking for games that react to player, his decisions, or choices in gameplay, and react\change because of them, open different ways to play, change story, endings and so on.  What I played: too many to remember all, but to name a few - Fallout, Planescape:Torment, Shadowrun, Mass Effect, Jade Empire, Witcher, Leviathan: The Last Day of the Decade, Stanley Parable (it has very good humor meta-ing about choice not mattering but it IS reactive to choices and has many endings), Banner Saga, Long Live the Queen, Postmortem: one must die (very quick but applies said criteria about choices), all Bioshocks, KoTOR...   Also all Telltale games and so on (like Life is Strange and Dreamfall:Chapters) already in my library and played the moment new episode is released. Choiceofgames and their text-books in my library too and played from the moment they get released.   Mostly I love RPGs , but any type of game, as long as it has choice-consequence nicely added, will be appreciated. For example, I loved Aplha Protocol.  Any non-PC games, game-books, and almost anything else will be appreciated too!
[cities: skylines]	Hi all,  I'm looking for games that are based around roads.  More specifically, anything where knowing the layout and design of roads is a central part of the game.  My nephew has a bit of a strange hobby where he will spend what seems to be hours just going over things like intersections and names of roads in his head.  He loves looking at maps and memorizing them.    He currently likes games Midnight Club Los Angeles where it has a huge, reality-like recreation of roads.  Are there any other good games similar to this?  I was thinking something along the lines of sim city where you can build and design roads might be right up his alley as well.
[state of decay]	Looking for a game where you go out and explore or survive or whatever you need to do but eventually you come back to your home base and get that feeling of safety and warmth. After exploring in Minecraft for example, it is a nice feeling to get back to your home and go through your inventory of what you got and what you can improve while letting some food cook and metal smelt before you head back. Anything suggestions along those lines? The home base doesn't need to be made by yourself in case I implied that, can take any form.  Thanks  Edit: Not needed but thinking on it, having busy work to do back at your home is a nice touch as well I think. 
[age of wonders 3]	i love resource building and management, watching a city build up out of nothing, new buildings unlocking new troops, that sort of thing.  I do like combat that is more strategic than moving all your troops to various choke points though, and would like something thats more turn based for that.  is there a game out there that fits this criteria?   it would be great if it had some sort of city mechanics for trading or factions.  i am not looking for civ, i love civ but thats not what im aiming for.  i figure this is probably too little to go on, but i am interested in what people might recommend. 
[alan wake]	I've got a decent backlog of Steam games and most of them I've put at least a couple hours into and then hit a stopping point. Please let me know if any of these are really worth finishing; maybe I just didn't get far enough to get sucked in. I understand that much of this is subjective.  You may notice an interest in survival horror.  * **Alan Wake**: I got about four hours into it but for some reason stopped... wish I could remember why but I think the gameplay itself wasn't working for me. I believe I was at an area running away from a trailer park. * **Alpha Protocol**: I'm actually really close on this one, I think I'm nearing the last couple of missions but for some reason I've just run out of steam on this one since I became an unstoppable stealth/handgun ninja and wasn't finding it challenging anymore. * **Cat Lady, The**: I actually haven't touched this one yet. * **Darksiders 2**: Think I got about halfway through and just got tired of the push-the-giant-marble puzzles. The major stopping point was a giant boss who I couldn't kill because I kept having issues with the controls not letting me aim very precisely. * **I Am Alive**: Don't remember why I stopped... think I got frustrated at a certain point and had zero bullets to deal with two baddies. Even tried to play pretty cautiously but always ended up dead. * **Lone Survivor**: Haven't touched this one yet. * **Mark of the Ninja**: I got a couple hours into this one last year but got frustrated at a certain point. * **Metal Gear Rising**: Revengeance: I love the MGS games but for some reason this one frustrated me after the first couple hours. I couldn't get used to the controls. Probably my fault on this one.  * **Resident Evil 4**: I stopped pretty far along... I recall there was an invincible monster that you couldn't kill and you were stuck in a room and had to wait for a timer to go down... I rage-quit after a few tries. Game was pretty good leading up to that point. * **Scratches**: Eh, got tired of pixel-hunting after about four hours. Loved the atmosphere for the most part. * **System Shock 2**: Haven't started but I am aware of how amazing this game is. Kind of ashamed I haven't put the time into this one.  *Edited formatting*
[card games, break it]	Arlight, so I just watched the south park episode [Cock Magic](http://;position=8&amp;sort=!airdate) and I'm slightly tipsy so I wanna get into a card game, dammit. But it can't be too expensive. All I know about is Magic (but I've heard that's way too addicting and eats up your wallet) and yu-gi-oh, but the last time I heard about someone playing that was middle school. I also heard about Heathstone, but I've heard it can be kind of pay-to-win (isn't every card game pay to win, though?). Anyways, what would be the best card game to just "dive into" and start out with?
[dragon age origins]	Hey! To go more into detail, I'm just fed up with all those games where they put those great ruins of long lost civilizations in front of you. I want to see huge, busy and beautiful towns. Basically I just want to feel good walking around in that world.  I dont care for old or new, west or eastern games. Give me what you've got :)  List of things I have already played or are that getting suggested way too much:  * All Elder Scrolls titles (especially: Skyrim) * All Fallout titles * All Witcher titles * Divinity Series * Final Fantasy Series * Grandia * Wasteland * Chrono Trigger * All Zelda titles * All Sacred titles * All Diablo titles * Everything from BioWare * .. and so many more but I guess those are the most suggested.  Cheers, guys!  Edit: Sweet, guys! Thanks a lot.. if you still remember some keep them coming! :D  
[path of exile, diablo 3, diablo 3, pick up]	Does anyone know of games that just have a lot of theorycrafting, and combinations and synergies in the game?  I play Hearthstone and like to come up with fun deck ideas with interesting synergies and try and get them to work. I also play diablo 3 and like the theorycrafting element of that. But the problem with it is that there isn't much to come up with honestly. Blizzard forces builds onto the players because they release sets that obviously buff one ability a ton so all the new builds are just around that ability.  I wish they would just release a ton of items with different effects and let people go all out in creating crazy builds. That would be way more interesting and fun. I hear diablo 2 has a lot of crazy stuff to it, so I wanted to try it out but the camera was wayyy too zoomed in for my liking.  Anyway, does anyone have any sort of game with theorycrafting, hopefully in the characters' build. It can be a good card game as well I suppose.  Thanks! 
[the witcher]	I realize that I could probably just browse through similar posts to try and find my new game, but beleive me I've tried.  The singleplayer games I've enjoyed the most are the two big franchises from Bethesda, TES and Fallout, and after too many playthroughs I need something I've never tried before. I've tried searching for things like "games similar to TES" etc etc, and after a while I realized that the Bethesda games are somewhat unique, because the games people listed are actually not very similar to the Bethesda games.   Games suggested should have as many of these elements as possible, but none of them are required: * Open world * Enjoyable side-quests * Looting equipment * Sneaking * Choices (I enjoy the way TES let's you make decisions in quests) * Preferebly something that isn't older than TES: Oblivion in terms of graphics  I understand that I'm probably not gonna find exactly what I'm looking for, so please suggest anything that you think I might be interested in.
[warframe]	Hello!  A friend of mine introduced me recently to Dead Space 3, and I fell in love with the game.  I usually don't play survival horror games because they scare the shit out of me, but I really got into Dead Space 3 because of the scenario and the incredible weapon crafting mechanic. I spent countless hour just trying to figure out the best weapon I could make out of the parts I had, and to try them on necromorphs, and I really enjoyed the whole experience.  But now that I finished the game, I'm looking for an other shooter with a weapon crafting mechanic as deep. I've set my eyes on Loadout which seems promising, and I would like to know if any of you found a game that let you go this far in weapon customization! 
[sins of a solar empire, ark: survival evolved, portal 2, civ]	Hi guys.   I am trying to beef up a list of games that I can play together with my friend on the PC (has to be PC only). They need to fit a certain criteria though, as listed below. Would appreciate any help you guys can offer if you can think of anything that would fit the following criteria:  PREFERRED CRITERIA:  - A game with lots of content to offer, such as a large playable world to explore etc, as well as an element of re-playability.  - MUST be able to just dip in and out whenever we feel like it, as in, not something that makes you feel too committed to it for extreme lengths of time.  - No MMO's.  - Nothing too difficult/frustrating.  - Nothing too grindy.  - Nothing too repetitive.  - No horror elements/jump scares.  - PC ONLY   Here are some optional criteria, these aren't really necessary in what we're looking for, but would be a nice addition and definitely scores a few bonus points for that game if it did have these criteria:  OPTIONAL CRITERIA: (Not necessary but would be a bonus)  - Customisable content, such as customisable characters etc.  - A space theme.   Examples of games we've played of this criteria are games like Team Fortress 2, Space Engineers, Borderlands 2, Magicka, GMod and TableTop Simulator.  A major focus point must be on the ability to just dip in and out whenever we feel like it, but still being a large enough game to keep us interested and wanting to play for long periods when we do jump into it. This is something that we feel quite strongly about the example games listed above, in that we can just pick them up and dive in and have a bit of random fun before turning it off and maybe jumping into another like it the next day for example.  Again, any help would be greatly appreciated, thanks in advance for any posts and time taken to read this.
[deus ex ]	Hi! I've been bored lately so I wanted to get into new franchises, and I kinda wanna take on some games with really well-structured story games. Some games that I'd classify as that (games that I really loved): Skyrim, Mafia 2, Far Cry 3, God of War 1-3 (Note I can only play PC games now). You can sort of see a pattern there, mostly open-world games with strong themes. I'm thinking of checking out Just Cause 2 (already played it once) or Saints Row IV (Played Gat out of Hell, didn't like it that much) just because I feel like they're good games to blow boredom off. I'm also debating whether I wanna start the Mass Effect series or not, since I haven't played any of them but I like them based on reviews/videos I've seen.
[cities skylines, sim city]	I've played Black and White and its sequel, and I consider it a pretty good God Game. However a lot of games billed as God Games haven't really been my cup of tea.  I would like to find a God Game where you could play in a sandbox like mode (I'm okay with there being an objective, just one that's not forced into you) and the ability to be a kind being or as cruel as you can be.  For examples of games that I've played and liked in the God Game genre, there's **Reus**. Also, this isn't really a God Game, but any game in The Sims franchise where you would console commands to manipulate your sims' surroundings, while seeing how they will react is... sorta what I'm going for.  Any help is appreciated
[academagia, wizard101, wizard101]	A while ago I played a game on the DS that was basically Animal Crossing but in a magic school and (minus some flaws) I loved it. Since then I've been looking for something to scratch that itch!  Basically something where you live through day-to-day life as a student in a magical academy of some sort. It doesn't have to be the kind of game where you can physically run around, as long as you can get to know people.  Preferrably from a guy's POV, or at least with the option to pick a guy, as I've had my fill of otomes for now :p  I don't care what it's on: PC, Android, PSP, DS, etc.! I just want to feel like I'm at a magic school ^_^  Games I've tried: Magician's Quest: Mysterious Times (the game I mentioned that's like Animal Crossing) Class of Heroes Persona The Atelier Games Harry Potter Games on GBA and Consoles
[hard time, we are]	If you or another sub can't help me I may just give up entirely. I've tried popular ones but got bored of the original Defense Grid after a while (and I loved tower defenses when they made their debut in SC1, SC2, WC3, WC3 TFT).   I tried Torchlight but honestly it seems they're bad Diablo clones with cheesier graphics and the style of Diablo was really a one-hit wonder outside of the nostalgia raking third iteration. That type of style occurred in a time with poor graphics, lack of necessity of quality story, and in a world where repetitive games were okay and the norm, not like today.   Beyond that.. I tried Magica but got bored in 3 hours, and I tried a couple others too.  I watched the playthrough of Consortium and my only issue with it was seeing bugs and the graphical style but I can deal with that as it wasn't that bad.  Anything else I might like?  I love all genres provided they are high quality representations of their genres.  Adjustment: I've also played Orcs Must Die which was good but a little dull near the end, and the second iteration but I just began spamming one tower and it felt bad to me. I also did Plants vs Zombies for a while and Geometry Wars.  **Edit**: just so no one misunderstands. This thread is for me, not you. Just like you may not like coconut I may not like what you like. You may have a reason for hating or disliking coconut and others would never scold you for it because it's a different experience in terms of each person. As such trolling me or insulting me is so ridiculously immature and selfish in here that I'd never expected it here if all places.  That being said, I recognize fully that reddit isn't a place for objective discussion. The immensity of top posts and top comments in every thread are either circle jerk or patently false or skewed so much that they inhibit logical discussion. I also recognize the ability to down vote without attaching your username is an anonymous capability that enables trolling and in fact encourages the immature abuse of it. Finally, I recognize that most on Reddit are against things that they don't agree with regardless of whether they should be or if they're even right.  Despite this, I wouldn't troll your thread where you ask for suggestions based on your own unique criteria and so don't troll my own is all I ask. As It does a disservice.  
[rogue legacy, azure dreams, roguelike]	Hello,  i'm searching for a game with rogue-like/light elements and a global progression. The games could be very near rogue or only inspired by rouge.  As one common game i would put:  * Binding Of Isaac (and Rebirth) on the list.   * Ironcast (a great, very fun, game "Uncausual-Match-3 steampunk RPG light game with perma death). Global XP with improvments (5% more XP, more health,...,...)  * Rogue Legacy: You can buy improvments with your inherited money from the prev. generation.  Something like that. Any suggestions?  Thank you!
[shadow warrior, deus ex]	In Civ 5, I like to concentrate on one strategy (usually tech, sometimes economy) to the detriment of everything else, and then force engagements to be in the area where I'm untouchable.  Tech up to the point where I've got armor and bombers, and they have knights, then crush everything under the might of my war machine.  In GalCiv, I put huge guns on tiny ships and make all-destroying fleets of disposable ships.  In Skyrim, I would get fantastic skills at smithing and enchanting so that while I'm only mediocre with a blade, I'm basically wielding Excalibur against cut-rate bandits.  I'm not looking for a game that's just easy.  I'm looking for a game that allows me to specialize and equip myself to the point where any contest I can force into my niche is a foregone conclusion.  Besides Civ 5, GalCiv 2 and 3, and Skyrim, I've enjoyed FTL, Mark of the Ninja, Invisible Inc., Age of Wonders 1-3, Deus Ex: Human Revolution, and to an extent the Arkham games (excluding Arkham Knight, which I'm waiting to play until it works).
[suikoden 5]	Here's what I've played in the past and loved (I've played other JRPGs in the past, these are just the ones that I really enjoyed):  Tales of Phantasia  Legend of Mana  Star Ocean: The Second Story/'Til the End of Time  Lunar: Silver Star Story Complete  Eternal Sonata  Rune Factory 4  What I like in my JRPGs: I like to be able to explore and bum around at my own leisure and advance the story at my own pace.  I enjoy sidequests since they give me something to do other than advance the main story.  I'm a HUGE sucker for additional characters/party members to interact with.  Preferable platforms: Playstation (any and all of them), Game Boy Advance, DS/3DS   
[dirty bomb, tf2]	Basically, I have been out of the loop for awhile now on PC shooters and video games in general. This question is probably very common. I apologize in advance.  I am looking for a class based FPS that is not Battlefield 4 (basically). Games I've played before and am not looking to get back into:  -Counter Strike: GO (not class based but still), Warframe   Any recommendations? Or is Battlefield 4 the best right now?  Also, I don't mind f2p, but please, in your best judgement I would prefer no pay to win games. I've done some research and found games like Dirty Bomb, Planetside 2, etc. Any thoughts?  PvP is preferred but I don't mind coop games either. Just looking for a good, active community that fits the description.  Thanks!
[assassin's creed iii, the last of us, be good]	My brother has moved out of the house and left his PS3. I'm not a hardcore gamer at all; I enjoy Mario games and also roguelikes. We used to play together when we were younger but I pretty much stopped. The biggest barrier for me has been that in most games my brother was way better than me, or just the game itself was too hard for me.  Are any of these even slightly accessible enough for me to enjoy?  Metal Gear Solid 4  Dark Souls  Assassin's Creed III  Infamous  Killzone 2 and 3  Bladestorm The Hundred Years' War  The Last of Us  Armored Core V  Armored Fore For Answer  Red Dead Redemption  Heavenly Sword  Prototype 1 and 2  Devil May Cry  Demon Souls  Army of Two  Uncharted 2 and 3  Resident Evil 5
[sunless sea]	I'm in a bit of a gaming rut. It's not so much that I don't *have* anything to play as it is that I don't know *what* to play.  I finally narrowed down something that sounds interesting to me right now in terms of concept, but I'd like to hear suggestions on games that fit the bill, if any!  Here's what I want: _______________________________________________________________________________________________ 1. Dungeon crawling. A wilderness could work too, it doesn't have to be a dungeon, but it has to have that feel. It doesn't *have* to be a dungeon crawler but some sort of monster slaying would be nice. Random generation would be great, but not required. 2. Long time sink. Main story doesn't have to be long but enough content to keep me going after. Random generation would help here but again, that's not a deal breaker. 3. Character customization in the way of gear, class, skills, abilities, attributes, or anything meaningful that isn't purely cosmetic. 4. Something to do when *not* killing monsters. This could be anything from shopping for gear, to crafting, to town management, to playing mini games, etc. Anything that doesn't involve combat is fine! It doesn't have to be super fleshed out, but it should be a decent way to spend time between adventures.  __________________________________________________________________________________________  It sounds from my points that I'm most likely looking for an RPG, or dungeon crawler game. Something where I can finish the story and keep playing, or ignore the story all together.  It seems like it wouldn't be that hard except for the final point. That's the one that is really bogging me down.  A few examples of games that I'm familiar with that *almost* fit the bill:  * Diablo * Torchlight  Both could work really well, I love the dungeons, gambling, enchanting, and the fact that they basically have tons of replayability after you beat them, but I'm going to be playing these with my SO, and right now I'm looking for a game to play on my own.  I've considered looking at base building games like Gnomoria, but I'm not too familiar with that genre, or if it would fit the bill.  Maybe I already have a few games like this, but I feel like I have a mental block right now, so suggestions would be awesome! Try to be a bit specific in what you can do in the suggested game so I can see if it would interest me.  I would prefer PC games but feel free to suggest console or portable games too. I don't mind new or old games so that's not a problem either.  Thanks
[two worlds 2]	The first one that comes to mind is Morrowind, I believe Magicka also uses a similar system, but there's a 2D Sidescroller with evolving spells (Like fireball can be upgraded to either a cone or a ring, and each missile can have added effects). I'm looking for something which gives you the ability to truely customize skills rather than something like Diablo which maybe has one or two skill changes throughout play, most other mods effect stats or damage. I'm looking for changing spelling properties like spread, area, adding explosions... One of the better examples I've played with this was Loadout and it's ammo customization, but I'm hoping something more fantasy based. Any suggestions welcome!  Edit: Hat's off to you if you can think of one which is 3D and/or with Action based play.  Edit: Realized I spelled it Marrowind. Am ashamed. #Regret
[borderlands: the pre-sequel]	My friend plays mostly Halo on his Xbox one, but he got Sunset Overdrive for free when he purchased the Xbox one and loves it.  He's done me a big favor lately, and I'd love to repay him.  He loves the hilarity of Sunset Overdrive - the crazy guns and "breaking the 4th wall" that the game does all the time.  He also enjoys earning achievements, and is currently playing the game through to completion (like finding all the "hidden items" and getting gold on all the challenges and such after completing campaign).  He likes fighting with guns, so that'd be a must.  Thanks!   tl;dr: Xbox One game for friend, similar to Sunset overdrive, must have hilarity and guns.
[rayman legends, left 4 dead, metal slug, terraria ]	My girlfriend gets bad simulator sickness from 3d games with any kind of rapid camera / perspective movement. We usually have trouble finding good games to keep us engaged. We've played plenty of Nes/Snes/Etc. but I would like some team multiplayer games that have a good length / story / gameplay mechanics from the current times. The best game we've found lately is Magicka 2 - challenging, requires teamwork / strategy, and the overhead camera is great for My gf's simulator sickness. Does /r/gamingsuggestions have any other suggestions for good multiplayer games that we can invest ourselves into?
[battlefield: bad company 2, over the top]	I love the first Crysis and the Warhead expansion.  The gameplay is great, the atmosphere is great.  It's not plot heavy, I don't have to slog through a story, I just skip all the cutscenes and shoot a bunch of people.  Later in the game they throw in aliens for good measure.  The graphics aren't the main selling point, but nowadays computers can run the game and it still looks nice.  I replay Crysis at least once a year.    So I keep thinking to myself -- Crysis is this "'Murica; Fuck Yea" type of military shooter.  I know there are other games in this genre, although I don't know any others that involve a super suit.  Realistically you don't use the super suit a lot, it's not like it shoots tentacles or lets you fly.  It just enhances standard human capabilities.    So my question (sorry for the long build up) is: **Are any of the other big military shooter games on par with Crysis, in your opinion, for single player?**  I have never purchased or played a Medal of Honor, Battlefield, Modern Warfare, etc game.  Mostly because people only ever talk about the multiplayer.  People will say stuff like 'eh the single player's not bad', but that doesn't really tell me if it's worth buying for ONLY single player.  I will not be playing multiplayer at all.  
[dungeon of the endless, actraiser, roguelike]	I know games often borrow ides from multiple genres but I am talking about games that combine whole genres today. For example, ActRaiser on the snes combined city building with platforming in almost equal amounts. A more modern example would be Dark Cloud which combined dungeon crawling with town building. I would like you guys to recommend me more games like this that combine different genres that compliment each other in gameplay. Also please don't mention mini games (eg. blitzball, final fantasy 10) unless they provide a very substantial portion of the game that you are required to play through. So yeah, any recommendations?
[sanctum 2]	hey guys, i really want to play something, but i really don't know what i want, yet i can give you features that i want or vice versa  * replayable (no campaign, or campaign + arcade mode\skirmish\whatever) * for low-end or at least lower mid-end computer * not an anime-game * pixelated graphics would be ok, but better if not * maybe an indie game? * customizing would be great or crafting, etc * not fast-paced * maybe some shooting? Not necessarily * Not a MOBA  Please don't suggest:  * Minecraft (got it, a little bit bored for now, waiting for  update)  * Terraria * Rimworld * Stonehearth   * Mount &amp; Blade * Any Battlefield game
[the long dark]	Hello! I'm looking for a PC game (Or Mods for a game) that contains realistic elements and/or immersive elements for example hunger, need for sleep, adapting to heat or cold (need to wear fur clothing so you wont freeze to death), and etc. Just in case you need more examples here's some games that fit to my taste. Arma Series (Problem is that it aims for a multiplayer audience so single player is not too great.), Stalker COP with misery mod (The hunger and Weather system were realistic in a way), Minecraft with enviromine and other mods, and Skyrim with frostfall and other mods.  Here's a link to my steam account just in case you want to see what games I already played. However take note that if there's a mod for a game that adds these realistic elements or immersive elements I would like to know just in case I haven't heard of it before.  Steam Profile: http://  Also I own Titanfall and Stalker SOC on physical copy's. I ordered Stalker CS so you can recommend mods for that too!
[dwarf fortress]	Something like Skyrim, Mount &amp; Blade Warband. I've been seeing a lot of recommendations on Warband on this subreddit and I finally tried it out last week and it was absolutely amazing for me. It lived up to all the hype I've been seeing.  n    What was perfect for me was how interactive the game was and how differently you can play through it. You can play as the bad guy and plunder villages, but then you lose honor and in the late game it's harder to recruit soldiers. I've gone through 5 different play throughs with this game and each one was a **significantly different experience**.   It was the same with Skyrim, you had so many options on how you could play the game. You could be a mage, archer, stealthy, or just a head-on warrior. And the interactions with the NPCS were pretty detailed as well, I don't really remember how though.  Games that I've considered were   * Fallout New Vegas (I watched some gameplay but it seems like the setting was very depressing and a lot of it is just walking around)    ---   Games I've played  * Dishonored * Borderlands * Torchlight * Skyrim * Mount &amp; Blade Warband * Minecraft * Rust  __________________________________________________ **TL;DR** I want a game that has detailed **NPC interaction**, where your choices and **style of play affects the game outcome.** 
[borderlands 2, torchlight 2, grim dawn]	I love me a good ARPG. Specifically, the point-and-click, loot-whoring, top-down monster-hordes-versus-you type of ARPG that Diablo made famous. That's the sort of game I can play forever. I've had some trouble finding good new games in the style, though; many of them that I have seen are junk, or are still in early access and don't have a lot of content yet. The best modern game I've played of the sort is Path of Exile, which I think is absolutely excellent. However I'm hoping to branch out with some other new games, having played it for such a long time.  What I'm looking for is basically any game of that type to come out since preferably no earlier than 2000, is on Steam, and ideally has a more realistic and dark aesthetic. The reason I'd prefer newer games is because I like a good 3d camera and interface; I guess Path of Exile-level is the ideal on that point. Bonuses include a long campaign (and a good variety of areas) with very in-depth character progression and customization.  A list of games I've played or intend to play in that style for reference:  Diablo  Dungeon Siege (I and II)  Path of Exile  Titan Quest  Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing  Torchlight  Grim Dawn
[far cry 3]	I know that many people find it ideal to play through both in order, but I'm not the kind of person who tends to power through a game start to finish in a few days or even weeks, so I doubt I would end up getting through both.  I don't have a ton of time to allocate to playing games and I tend to play pretty casually.  From a few minutes of research, a consensus seems to be that FC4 is more refined in terms of gameplay mechanics and graphics, but lacks severely in the story department, which to be honest doesn't matter very much to me, I'm more into exciting gameplay than an involved story.  As a complete stranger to the Far Cry series with no expectations, am I going to have more fun with FC3 or FC4?  Thanks  EDIT:  thanks for all the responses, I wasn't expecting so many people to chime in!  I think I'm going to go with 4.  Although I understand that 3 is considered by some as the "better" game due to its superior story, I'm a casual player who is more focused on having an expansive world with a lot to do (I've heard there's more variety in missions in 4) rather than a good story, plus I wouldn't mind drooling at the fancy graphics on my relatively new computer that I haven't really pushed yet :)
[warframe]	There's a handful of different things I look for in a game. The more of these, the better.  By and far the two most important:  **Extensive Customization** - The more freedom you have in selecting batshit insane character/class loadouts, the better. A few of my favorite games include Ragnarok Online, an RPG where you could make a front-line tactical agility mage, and Robocraft, a vehicular combat game where you could create a wheelless craft that skids across the ground powered by nothing but thrusters.  **Fast/Mobility/Skill Based Gameplay** - I'm ok with some of these suffering--such as level gaps in RPGs, and mobility not being as critical in point-and-click type MMOs--but the more of these three, the better. My ideal game would have you zipping around the map, using terrain to your advantage, with well made split second decisions changing the tide of battle, all of this in an environment where being able to outthink and outplay your opponent means being able to triumph even if you're a bit undergeared. For an example, I'd probably point you towards [Armored Core For Answer bladers](https://  Beyond that, there's a few more "nice to haves", but I'll take a look at anything that fits the above two criteria.  *Bright and Colorful* - Silly as it may sound, I'm simply drawn to colorful games more than their dark and grimy counterparts. To put it one way, think of your typical Eastern MMO art design vs your typical Western MMO art design; by and far I enjoy the former. It's not an all out deal breaker, but it can make the difference for games I'm on the fence with.  *Gamepad Support* - Again, not a deal breaker, but despite having been converted over to the PC master race, I can never seem to let go of my dirty console peasant controller.  *Free to Play* - Because I'm poor. I'm still open to non-free suggestions though.  I'll leave it at that. I could list more, but this is /r/gamingsuggestions, not /r/buildmeagame. As mentioned in the title, I expect FPS and/or RPG suggestions, but I welcome any oddball genre that you feel fits the above description.
[unreal world]	I'm looking for a modern (within the last 10 years) survival game that is most like trying to live off the land in real life.  So preferably that means:  * No zombies, dinosaurs, or any other creature you couldn't encounter in a forest somewhere on earth. * I'd prefer player vs. environment rather than have to worry about human aggressors, but it's not a deal breaker if those aggressors are sparse. * Non-winter setting. I know of The Long Dark, and that game is really cool, but I want a warmer setting. * Forest/wilderness setting. Those new tropical island survival games (like Subnautica) look fun, but I'd prefer forest/mountains.  A lot of games come really close to my desire, but all have just that one thing I'm not looking for, like The Forest has those cave people who are always bothering you, and Rust is full of griefers, and 7 Days to Die and State of Decay have zombies, etc. Maybe there just isn't a game like I'm looking for. Thanks.
[kotor]	I'm going to be travelling for 2 weeks without internet connection, and I'd like to buy some steam games I can play there. I will have lots of free time, and I'm going to be travelling with my BF, so local coop games are welcome!  Single player wise, I enjoy story driven games (Like Portal or To The Moon). Although, I do realize that these games don't have much replay value. I also enjoy simulation games (Banished, Tropico series).  Regarding coop games, I enjoy games like Civ, Terraria, Total War and Torchlight.  Thank you for the attention.  edit: We have separate computers
[battlefield hardline, bioshock infinite, fallout new vegas, battlefield 1942, metro last light, assassins creed, state of decay, splinter cell, just cause 2, dead island, left 4 dead, bioshock 2, metro 2033, fallout 3, crysis 3, crysis 2]	He loves reddit and The Witcher 3 has piqued his interest. He recognizes that it might be a little bit overwhelming. He only has a laptop that is about 4 years old. He is math professor and loves scifi and fantasy as well as comic books. He has never played a game more intense then snood or machinarium, but really wants to play a game. What would you suggest?  I think he would like an RPG or something with a strong story but not something incredibly punishing and difficult. I was thinking something like The Wolf Among Us because he adores the comic Fables for sure, but I know that he wants to play a game in the more traditional sense rather then the "choose your own adventure" based style of TellTale games.
[saints row 4]	Not sure if anything like this exists, but is there any sort of game that offers fast-paced fighting-style combat in an open world setting? Bonus points for character customization and/or a low pricetag. The two that spring to mind that I have are Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning (which didn't really have the type of combat I'm looking for) and Jade Empire (which was good, but not as fast-paced or open-world). I also already have Dragonball Xenoverse, but it's really not open-world. I've played almost all other DBZ titles as well. PC only.
[gamecube]	Looking for suggestions on games to get for my Wii/gamecube collection, as-long as they are half good.  Here are games I have, and that I'm planning to get;  WII  * A boy and his blob  * Animal Crossing: city Folk  * Disney Epic Mickey  * Donkey Kong Country Returns  * Castlevania : Judgement  * Fire emblem: Radiant Dawn  * Kirby's Epic yarn  * Kirby's Return to Dreamland  * Lego star wars: The Complete saga  * Lego Indiana Jones  * Lego Indiana Jones 2  * Lego Batman  * Lego Batman 2  * Lego Harry Potter 1-3  * Lego Harry Potter 4-7  * Mario Kart wii  * Mario Party 8  * Mario Party 9  * Metroid Prime Trilogy  * Monster hunter tri  * New Super Mario Bros  * Okami  * Pikmin  * Pikmin 2  * Rayman Origins  * Super Smash Bros Brawl  * Sonic colors  * Super Mario galaxy   * Super Mario galaxy 2  * Super Paper Mario  * Tatsunoko VS Capcom  * Zelda: Twilight Princess  * Xenoblade chronicles   GAMECUBE  * Fire emblem  * Animal Crossing  * MGS twin snakes  * Luigi's mansion  * Eternal Darkness  * F-zero GX  * Zelda Four swords adventures  * Zelda Wind waker  * Zelda Master quest  * Mario Kart double dash  * Mario party 4-7  * Pikmin 1-2  * Pokemon Colosseum  * Pokemon Gale of Darkness  * Soul calibur 2  * Super mario sunshine  * Simpsons hit and run
[legend of grimrock, ultima underworld, dwarf fortress, nethack]	I'm a big Binding of Isaac fan and I recently acquired Spelunky. What, I think, makes those two games awesome is that they contain a lot of hidden details, game mechanics, places, secrets, and so on. For example, the use of the Bible on Mum in Isaac or the true purpose of the Eggplant in Spelunky were, for long, well hidden secrets. What makes these so exciting is the community enthusiasm to look out for these secrets.  Unfortunately, I kinda came too late for those two games and pretty much everything was figured out (well, maybe I shouldn't have spent so much times on their respective wikis either...)  Anyway, are there out there upcoming games with these features ? Or any other games in which one of the main design was to hide information to the player ?
[out there, wildstar, wildstar, tera, tera, tera, tera, tera]	I played WoW for years until Cataclysm happened, afterwards it just lost its appeal for me. Don't get me wrong though, I would have played WoW right now if it weren't the damned basic passive 1-2-3 pressing combat system almost all mmos have. I'm a huge fan of the Souls series and played Demons Souls, Dark Souls 1&amp;2's pvp like for 300 or more hours each. I really loved the combat system except the infamous phantom ranges. Other than that it was a dream that came true. So my question is; "Is there an MMORPG that can satisfy me?"    : I tried GW2. Played its pvp for 100 hours or something but got bored rather quickly because of the lack of content. As an old WoW player its really really hard to find an mmo that can satisfy you though...
[dota 2]	Hello everyone,  **(for those of you that hate reading a lot and absolutely cant stand it I've created a summary/list at the bottom for you)**  Before I get super far into this I want to make something clear, this post is being made by someone who has played just about every f2p MMO is existence and has disliked most of them. I am more than willing to spend some money to get what I want, and what I want is a game that I can STICK TO.  My largest and last experience with an MMO would probably have to be World of Warcraft, that is a game that I loved for a long time mostly back when it was truly amazing. ( Sorry everyone but at least in my own opinion I guess I just don't like it anymore, I have my reasons. They're just irrelevant to this post ) Lately I tried getting into GW2 and ESO but I just couldn't find myself to stick to either one of them.   The main game that I play right now is League of legends, im currently GoldV and I would probably say that is my main game that I play, however after reaching Gold if anyone else here also plays that game you would know that once someone is gold the intensive to keep going can dramatically decrease. That is what has happened to me, thus I am left here in the boredom of my summer.  Through playing League and WoW a lot I came to realize something, **something very important that I need to share with all of you for you** to better understand what it is that I NEED in a game to keep playing it and not leave.   Essentially, I feel the main reason that I have stuck to those two games for so long is mainly due to ROLES. ROLES are what kept me in. In WoW I would feel great about being one of my guilds TOP DPS in direct competition with the others to see who would and wouldnt *make the cut* for EPIC things like RAIDS! ( I seriously loved and still do LOVE raids and the idea of raiding with my good friends ) In league of legends I would feel SO GREAT when my friends would always be calling me on skype because they knew that they needed someone to be their great ADC that they knew would get fed and carry ( *or just ks a lot and probably do well too* ) But you get the point!   Basically I feel that I need to know that I belong to a role, and that role is part of a TEAM, which is the second most important thing that I need. A game that runs strongly on TEAMWORK or atleast a game where I am required to invest myself socially to others that play the same game, I love making friends in games. One of the things about ESO that I didnt like too much was that I didnt really feel the need to communicate with anyone ever, other than to group and get into dungeons which honestly the dungeons felt very lackluster to me imo. But in wow you can constantly run with team mates and get into dungeons all of the time! So here's the summed up list of things that I am basically looking for in my Dream MMO.  **LIST OF THINGS THAT I AM LOOKING FOR :**  * -STRONG team based content**-Dedicated Roles that I can feel special about when preforming well in * -SOLID, well thought PVE content with good ENDGAME** * -SOLID developers that I know wont get lazy/leave the game** * -A game where I can easily make buddies or become part of a community** * -Again, GOOD endgame that I want to constantly be looking forward too! And NOT such a boring mid game that I want to leave in the middle of it!** * -PAYMENT SYSTEM that isn't as money stealing as WoW ( wow is way too expensive to be honest, for what it gives now ) * **-THE GAME DOESN'T NEED TO BE AN MMORPG, Just needs to be multiplayer!**
[civilization 5]	So my wife and I were recently blessed with a baby girl, and go figure, ain't got much time for gaming! That's totally fine, but I would like to find a few games that are easy to pick up and a blast to play. I'm more of a console fan (sorry), so I don't even know where to begin over here. I have a decent rig set up, Nvidia 2gb GTX 660 and some kind of i5. I'm a big online multiplayer fan, but that's pretty much out of the question at this time.   For reference, I prefer games with great atmosphere (BIOSHOCK!!!!!) and replay value. Not really picky honestly. I've had my eye on Axiom Verge, Outlast, Alien Isolation, City Skylines, and that kind of jazz. City builders and imaginative games are dope. Anyways, thanks for any suggestion and if I've been to vague just let me know.  
[tomb raider ]	Yes I know all of these are critically acclaimed best sellers and are all on console with the exception of Bioshock- I was lucky that my PS3 YLOD'd after playing all of these and not before.  I'm basically not interested in multiplayer at all, I hate it apart from a few games like BF4, TF2, etc.  I want a game with a great story, great graphics and great gameplay. Pretty much impossible but I would like to hear what you guys think comes close.  I do like Telltale's games (I've finished pretty much all of the narrative ones) but I want something that's an actual games.  Thank you,     \-DM
[jagged alliance]	I'm looking for a game where you recruit/hire people for a variety of missions, but for some reason (high casualty rate, people leave you team, etc) there's a high turnover rate and your team constantly has people joining and leaving. The missions should be varied enough so that people who excel in one would do poorly in another.   The closest game I can think of is XCOM, but I feel like the missions are pretty similar and I'm typically inclined to always take the same soldiers barring injuries or meld upgrades. Genre doesn't matter; it can be a simulation game like Game Dev (doesn't have a high turnover rate though to fit my criteria) or a TBS like XCOM.   Platforms available to me are the PC, 3DS, PSP, PS3, PS2, Wii U, and 360. Thanks in advance and I hope that you're enjoying your weekend.   Edit: Something like [Rimworld](http:// fits the bill pretty well except for the fact that instead of missions you constantly task your team to do various things. Ideally, the game would be "mission based." 
[pillars of eternity]	Hi guys! Sorry for posting again, but i wasnt really specific about what i want, which lead to "wrong" suggestions. Thanks in advance!  Genre: Action RPG, Classic RPG  Platform: PC  View: 1st person or 3rd person  Combat style: Real time or Real time where you have to stop the time for tactics  Type: Fantasy, Dark Fantasy  Games i played: Dragon Age series, Elders of Scroll series, Mass Effect series, Kingdom of Amalaur, Witcher series, Gothic series, Fallout series, Dark Souls series, Fable series, Dark Messiah of Might and Magic  Other   - If possible avoid AAA or famous games, since i probably know about those, but if you mention it, suggest multiple things then at least  - Graphics are important to a degree - Story is very important, but sidequests not that much - Roleplay is important to the extent that at least a Good or Evil decisions are present - Complex and varied builds for characters and tactics would be an importance
[7 days to die]	Searching the sub lead me to several suggestions like Landmark, H&amp;H and Terraria (and its clones) - but i do not quite think thats what I'm looking for. So I'm posting to inquire about other suggestions. People - what aweome games are you hiding? :)  I'm Looking for something along the lines of the modded survival servers in Minecraft, with emphasis on industrial development (IC2/Buildcraft etc)- perhaps not like the latest few years of more and more overpowered mods competing with eachother to make things more and more simple. Gathering and expanding your area/base should come at a price.  Death should have some consequences, but not to harsh like a total rogue-like game. It must also be multiplayer, either locally or preferably on larger servers with other people. Persistent environment.  Thanks for any tips.  
[euro truck simulator, strategy games]	I'm looking for more games that don't require me to follow a lot of voiceover or read large blocks of text.   Text is fine in short messages, just not pages and pages of it at once. Sound is fine, but not long voiceovers that I have to follow to understand the plot.   I'm not looking for any specific genre here. I am willing to try stuff that's really new to me. My normal diet is mostly RPGs, but those are usually so text-heavy that I have to put them aside while working through the backlog of library books.  Examples of games I play like this: FTL, Civ 5, Nethack, Terraria, Pirates!, Creeper World, Just Cause 2. 
[over the top, world games, this game]	I am really envy for people who start and finish single player games, who love the stories behind those game, wait for and play sequels, etc.  I used to be like that 10+ years ago, when I owned PS1 and played a lot of different genres: action, racing, strategies, sports, RPGs.  But then I've got PC with Internet and discovered the world of MMORPGS where PvP was always the most interesting part for me.  Nowadays, I don't have time for MMORPGS but do play Dota occasionally.  I have a plenty of games on Steam but the average time for each is about 1 hour. I am getting bored pretty fast.  Sometimes I would spend hours looking at games of different genres, watching gameplays, but never find nothing I would really fall into.   It sounds funny but it often makes me sad and I get back to playing Dota.  Help me to find THAT GAME, please.
[metal gear rising: revengeance]	Hey guys!  So I love games like Killer 7, Deadly Premonition, South Park: Stick of Truth and I am looking to expand my library with even more of the same kinds of games.   For example, I am looking forward to purchasing Lollipop Chainsaw, Catherine, D4, and Asura's Wrath as soon as I can get my hands on them. Would you guys happen to have more similar, lesser known and under-appreciated games I should check out?  Basically, fun games that make me say "WTF IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW?! MOOOORE!!" are exactly what I'm looking for.   Thanks in advance!
[warcraft 3]	I've been playing a lot of RTS games recently, but none have really interested me that much.   I picked up DoW during a sale, and despite it being pretty good I couldn't get past the dated graphics. It didnt help that I'm a big CoH player, so it felt like playing a similar game with an older interface. Got it refunded  I then got DoW II, essentially because it was newer, but it's gotten boring pretty quickly. In many wanys it feels more like a MOBA, with a huge hero focus and small amounts of units.  I tried to get back into SCII, but the whole game seems overwhelming after watching pro games for the last year, and I cant justify buying WoL and HotS.   This is probably a long shot, but does anyone know a relatively recent RTS with an active community/good campaign/ is relatively cheap?  Thanks!
[desktop dungeons, super meat boy]	reddSo I'm in between houses for an extended period of time because I'm going to go abroad for 4 months in 3 months. Meaning I'm stuck with my laptop, which is quite decent and play quite a few things.   I'm a fan of Dota 2 and a ton of fighting games. Right now I'm looking for a game that is played in short sessions, fast paced and skillful. A lot of FGs go into this category I can't seem to find anybody around me to consistently play with me and I really really dislike playing FGs online (if this wasn't the case I would just play FGs honestly).  Honestly fast paced is not even necessary but slower it is the deeper the mechanics has to be of course (like a very deep turn based strategy is fine too but they are not generally played in short sessions). I would like the game to be mechanically strong and I really don't care about graphics at all. Bonus points for keyboard only since I dislike hauling mouse/stick around. Extra bonus points for magic theme particularly if there are complex mechanics around spell casting that requires skill/mastery.  Ninja edit: Multiplayer is not really necessary. In fact if the game is multiplayer based the mechanics tend to give first since you can't really design a game around tight frame counts when you have 50-100ms. I just played most of my FGs to the point where the AI is really not doing it for me and just practicing is getting a bit boring.   Edit: A question, I'm not too familiar with this subreddit, should I give my list for the type of game I'm asking? I have a decent steam library (230-240 games) and have played quite a few games that fit the type of game I'm asking for, is it beneficial to all if I listed games that fit the category? I was afraid to make the post too long.   I guess it would so here it goes. These are the ones I enjoyed that fits the bill closely (tried to avoid ones that are too far from the original request). I cut a few of the FGs I own and some of the rouge-likes I own since while they are short session games their mechanics are too simple for my tastes (not easy, just simple, also I'm not saying they are bad games, it's just not what I'm looking for):   Non-steam: Melty Blood (FG)  Steam: Binding of Isaac/BoI:Rebirth, Divekick (simplified FG basically), A Druid's Duel (turn based strategy), GGXXAC+R (FG), Hotline Miami 1/2, Luftrausers, Magicka: Wizard Wars, One finger death punch (thanks [/u/kops/](https:// !), Skullgirls (FG), Super Meat Boy, They Bleed Pixels, Bleed.  Will add if I can think of more. 
[mass effect, saints row, gta]	Hello, my sister's birthday is coming up and she has asked me to buy to her a PC game for her birthday. She explained she has a few things in mind.  The main thing she wants is an RPG that allows you to play as a female protagonist. She has already played Oblivion and Skyrim and she loved both of them, and has also dabbled in Path of Exile (not really an RPG but there's leveling up elements she enjoyed).  It also has to be something that isn't too new due to the graphics limitations of her laptop and can be played offline (wouldn't go for mmorpgs) since her internet is apparently atrocious.  I was thinking toward the popular RPGs like Fallout 3/New Vegas, but I don't think she enjoys FPSs. She prefers the more medieval swords/bows and such. I also don't think she would like anything too difficult or with a lot of depth so I was thinking Dragon Age Origins is out of the question due to the complexity.  I apologize in advance since I know the request is rather specific, but I can't pick my brain for any other RPGs that are like this.
[saints row 3]	Hard to find games that do all those things all at once.  I felt powerful in Prototype, but you start well beyond normal in that and it escalates quickly. You definitely grow in strength in any of the Disgaea games, but you don't get much of a sense of power beyond bigger and bigger numbers.  I think City of Heroes might have done it best. You start as a newbie with a couple tricks that has trouble taking on more than a few of the weakest gang members at a time without a trip to the emergency room. By the end you can mow through platoons of invading aliens with little time or effort.  About the only genre limitation I'd put on this would be city builders and the like; technically Playing a Civ game on easy and stomping cavalry with tanks might count, but it's not the kind of thing I'm looking for.
[dragon age inquisition, xenoblade chronicles, the witcher]	Sacred 2 is far from a perfect game. Its buggy, the UI is counter intuitive and the less that is said about the camera the better. However one thing that the game does exceptionally well is its world design. The world of Ancaria is varied and interesting, both geographically and lore wise. You explore forests, plains, jungles, deserts, steppes and even volcanos! Each of these regions also had their own culture and society which was reflected well in the quests and dialogue. Whether it was the arrogant elves in their metropolitan capital or the hooligan-like orcs in the wilds of the steppes I came to respect the effort the developers put into the world design. So my question to you redditors is, can you recommend a similar game to sacred 2 that has a varied world, both geographically and culturally?  I have played all of the elder scrolls games bar the first two and the spin offs so I am already acquainted with the unique settings of tamriel. 
[the walking dead ]	Well, of course there won't be an exact same game, unless they make a sequel. (a successful sequel).   I wish they would make a sequel of how Joel and Tess lived in the years before the first game (we have the right to dream, right?)...  I think about a game that may have the same smooth stealth mechanics or of course the same story build up with the characters and such.   Any suggestions would be much appreciated.  Thanks in advance,  And of course, sorry for my bad English.   Edit 1: Thanks for the input guys. I really appreciate it. I'll have a look at some of the games. Thank you very much. God bless. 
[fable: the lost chapters, sleeping dogs]	After the announcement of Fallout 4 I started replaying New Vegas. I up to the final quest and have played all of the DLC except Lonesome Road. I'm level 50 I plan on playing through a large portion of of the side quests I haven't already finished before I end the game.  The Problem is that I'm starting to get bored of the Mojave Wasteland. I don't want to burn myself out before I beat the game - or as I go into Fallout 4 for that matter - so I'm looking for a relatively short game to play as a small break from New Vegas. Post-Disaster Scenario or otherwise. What are some relatively short, fun games I could play in the meantime to distract me from New Vegas?
[the witcher]	 Hi guys, been looking for a game to occupy the rest of the month with, I'm on vacation and hoping to actually have a nice time with my gaming pc (specs don't matter).  The thing is, I've might have played everything on the immersion section of games.   Adventure: I love the Gabriel Knight, Black Mirror, Overclocked, Sherlock Holmes kind of games, I find that actual settings with mistery and a twist of horror really get me entertained. The adventure aspect is awesome because I can chill while drinking tea or a cup of coffee lol.  RPG: TES, all of the infinity engine games, Dragon Age, etc... lol too many to actually list, I'm honestly looking for adventure games, but If anyone has any good suggestions on the rpg department that are recent I'd appreciate them.
[dark messiah of might and magic]	Well im a Pc gamer but rpgs are a new thing to me, i got The Witcher 2 of GoG and i'm enjoying it the story and the combat, i also bought Dragon Age Origins im liking the story but the combat is not of my type. The thing is im looking for a rpg or any game for that matter in which i can play as an archer, dragon age gives me that but the combat is on the lines of well point and click "right click this oponent to attack" etc. I want a game in which i can aim my arrow and fire or fight like in the witcher 2 .. i dont know much about rpgs and the different combat types so yes any help woukd be great. And if possible the game be in 3rd Person btw the type of game im looking for does that fall under rpg or action adventure?  Edit : Okay after thinking about it first person would also sufice, also any games with combat similar to The Witcher 2?
[pillars of eternity, baldur's gate, geneforge, avernum]	I [posted recently in r/tipofmytongue](https:// about a game I played when I was a kid that was made in RPG maker. I'm in the mood to play a similar game to that, only less awful. What I'm looking for specifically is:  - A top down, non-3d RPG, with simple graphics - Many, many hours of gameplay - Lots to explore, lots of loot to gain - Ideally party-based - Isn't more than like 2-3 years old - I want to play an RPG-maker style of game that has more modern innovations too, like talent trees and shit like that. - A nice gui, smooth animations, non-ugly art - Ideally a somewhat tolerable story - Preferably a world that is not black, bleak and grim-looking.  I don't want to play a reboot of some really old game.   Does the game I'm looking for exist?
[distant worlds, space marines, space marines, star trek]	Hey /r/gamingsuggestions!  This is a strange one, I know...  I love Alpha Centauri, I loved the fact that I could design the units, give them special abilities, make Space Marines in orbital drop pods with various types of weapons and armour...  I also like building an empire throughout history, a bit like Civilisation or Europa Universalis.  Is there any game that combines these three? Something where I can outfit my units as I see fit, conquer land, build cities and roads, drop bombs and Marines from the orbit? :)
[factorio]	If you have ever played Minecraft with mods you may have played Tekkit or something. You have to craft weird stuff but you can use pipes and pumps to automate EVERYTHING! I have kinda seen a game like this on steam but it isn't out yet. It's called March of Industry where you make stuff but when you are rich enough you can buy conveyers and everything you need to make it automatic and watch your money rise! Any games like this? You need to make stuff but you can automate it? I don't know if this is the right subreddit to ask this but this subreddit is about games so im asking it here! Would be nice if it was free but if it costs money make sure its on steam! If it isn't on steam please tell me the price (GPB but I can check the price difference myself). Thanks for any help and advice!
[shadows of mordor]	Title says it all. Just broke up with my girlfriend of a year and a half today and, unfortunately, I also just completed the Witcher 3 (great game) a couple weeks ago. I usually take a month or two in between games, but not this time.  Anyways I would love game recommendations. I've been looking at Steam all day to no avail. Here are some details:  * PC only please. * Single player only. Not really in the mood to hang out with others. * I like RPGs, open world games, games with great story etc. * Budget is a little tight ($60 might be a bit much) due to starting grad school soon, but I'm not opposed to spending some money.  I just want something that I can really sink myself so I don't dwell too much.  Recently played games:  1. Witcher 3 2. Rocket League 3. Dragon Age: Inquisition 4. Cities: Skylines  Thanks for any help.
[in the shadows, space station, space station, air supply, chatroom]	I recently watched a video of ARMA 3 where the uploader hid in some bushes, with a sniper rifle, while wearing a gillie suit. He was completely invisible to the casual observer. As the video progressed, he had run across an open field to some other (real) players, assassinated them both, and taken their loot. All of this had been done without ever being seen.   What interested me was these key points:  1. A large, open-world map 2. Multiplayer (other humans) 3. Never being seen, sticking to the shadows, hiding in plain view  Anybody know of more games like this? I've played Thief, Dishonored, and more, but they all lack both the multiplayer and open-world aspects.  Thanks in advance!
[neverwinter nights]	Perhaps with the ability to choose the path you take, run a shop, interact with other people, with a serious roleplaying community that is open to new comers, roleplaying emphasized with combat.  Choose an occupation, meet and interact with other characters, create a back story.  I realize this might not exist, I'm relatively new to returning to the gaming world, and I just thought it might be a neat idea to try something different.  If you have any other suggestions, even unrelated to the things I 'requested', I'd love to hear them!  Thank you so much for taking the time to read this.
[wing commander, freespace 2]	I was going through the middle of my back catalog and I came across the disk for Tie Fighter. I absolutely loved that game in its day. I'm sure I could install it again and get it working, but I got to wondering if there's a good modern equivalent.  If you haven't played them, these are light space sims with emphasis on combat. They are much more detailed than a purely action/arcade shooter, but much less detailed than a pure simulator that needs rudder pedals and an eleven-button throttle controller. There is a plot, but it's more of a framing story than anything the player can really influence.  I know there are space *exploration* games, like Star Citizen or Elite: Dangerous, but exploration and trading were more of a Privateer thing. Tie Fighter and Wing Commander were explicitly about the fighting, and objectives were specified for you. "Your mission in this system is to fight/avoid/capture these dudes and attack/protect/inspect that installation. Go."   Any ideas?   (Edit: Please don't say Eve Online. I'm allergic to both MMOs and spreadsheets.)
[super amazing wagon adventure, oregon trail, organ trail]	I recently rediscovered The Oregon Trail and had a blast making parties out of me and my friends. What I'm looking for is less a modern clone of The Oregon Trail (that'd be awesome too, of course) and more something of any genre that captures that spirit of fun. Surely there have been advancements in the "recreating everyone you know and love and accidentally killing them" genre in the last twenty years, right? Features that I'm looking for include:  * The ability to name and customize your characters * A focus on exploration, adventure, and/or fortress building * The potential for things to go terrible wrong * Ideally something more on the casual side, but open to more in-depth. * RPG mechanics welcomed * Something on the PC, PS4, or iOS, in that order.  In addition to Oregon Trail, I think FTL is a good encapsulation of what I'm looking for. I also have Pillars of Eternity and Wasteland 2, but haven't spent a ton of time with either of them and the latter especially isn't quite what I'm looking for.  
[the witcher]	The free roaming aspect of the game and the free will part, whether you want to tell a lie or not for example, in which both actions have an effect on the game and give different outcomes. I just had a look at the alpha.   I know of Skyrim and Fallout, but they still seem kind of linear to me, no matter which (side)quest you choose and so on.   Thanks in advance,  And sorry for my bad english.  Edit 1: Thanks guys, for your suggestions. I'll have a look at them, though I've already played mount and blade. Thanks again, and God bless.
[dwarf fortress]	Majesty 2 was pretty good at this in the way that you could put bounties on enemies and your heroes would greedily walk there, but at some point it got ridiculously difficult. Something more sandbox-like would be appreciated.  A game where you could pick your character's starting equipment and/or skills and influence the progress with spells, air support, supply drops or anything in that direction would be awesome.  I don't care too much about the theme, it can be sci-fi, world war, fantasy, doesn't matter.  
[portal 2]	Hello reddit,  so my girlfriend recently moved in. I am a kind of a hardcore-gamer, but she can't even use WASD.  So i want to give her an understanding to this whole gaming stuff and i thought it would be a nice idea to play some co-op games.  I got two 360-Controllers and im using dual monitors - all i need are some funny games to play with  tried castle crashers yesterday and she liked it.  I think we should skip shooters or gory games at the beginning. Can u guys suggest any games we could play together?  greetings
[fix it]	I'd like to have a game where you have either a mobile or static base that you build and upgrade, can visit/walk around it and see the upgrades.   Think of My Life as a King, but maybe a little less pikminy, or AC: Black Flag but the ship... is not going to be the same as everyone else's ship at the end of the game.  Game does NOT have to be recent. Dark Cloud 2 is one that does this (in its own way), but I've played it through many times, so I wanted something I haven't seen.  Star Wars: Galaxies is another game that you wouldn't think of in this category but had exactly what I wanted. I built my home, lots of personal crafting to make upgrades and fill out my house. If only it didn't murder itself. SWTOR and EQ2 aren't home-centric enough for me, it feels more tacked on.  
[break in]	I've been playing a lot of Roguelites, and I was looking for some in which you just become extremely decked out and crazily strong. I already have Binding of Isaac and Risk of Rain, which both have that kind of feel. Darkest Dungeon, Dungeon of the Endless, Dungeons of Dredmore, Caves of Qud, Don't Starve, Nuclear Throne, Sword of the Stars: The Pit, and Spelunky are all great games but in my experience, none quite achieve this effect. If you have any , that would be great. Also, is Sproggiwood anything like this?
[bookworm adventures, clash of heroes, cut the rope, bardbarian]	I use to love playing apps on my phone, getting on everyday to try something new, but now it seems to just be the same apps over and over, I open it up and clash of clans is basically the top 5 games which to me is rediculous. I would like something new, maybe puzzle or even action just something new to try.  Games I've played and enjouyed. -World of goo -Osmosis  -Parallel Kingdom (not such as I use to) -I've used and played on emulators -Transmission  I've played a lot but these are just a few examples off the top of my head. The only thing I'm not looking for is another clash of clans or angry birds. I willing to hive pretty much anything else a try thanks.  Also if anyone knows an older strategy game where you play as like robots or something on mars, it's like tile based turn based app, I use to have it but I uninstalled it awhile ago and can't find it again. I remember one of the units being like a flying city if that helps.
[risk of rain, broforce]	So I've been watching SGDQ, the speedrun marathon for charity, watching some amazing classics be run and couldn't help but reminece about how I loved playing co-op. Really only one game has given me the drive to stay up all night with a friend to burn levels of a game since I was a wee child. About two years ago a friend had visited me from an hour away and stayed over. We got so hooked into The Dishwasher : Vampire Smile that we spent the whole night beating it together. It was so much fun! Reliving the stress and tension of doing Co-Op boss fights. I miss that. I've played things like Castle Crashers, Dungeon Defenders, and Battleblock Theatre, however they're great games, and have their charm, it just doesn't feel like they have the draw I'm looking for. However I'm hoping you guys could suggest some fun Co-Op games that are more modern, I know splitscreen is rare, so I'd say the PC platform via LAN or Online would be best as while we have the power of emulators, I'm looking for newer stuff with awesome mechanics, something that gives me the stress of "Oh god, I'm stick in a corner, GO, GO! MURDER HIM!' That tension of Co-op that feels like it's missing from newer games. Hoping you guys can give me suggestions. I'd prefer sidescrollers 2D or 3D, however it's not limited to that. Stuff like FORCED was a awesome concept, but even though I bought a fourpack, I could never get it working with friends. Their servers and Online connection were borked as crap and never heard a response from the devs for a refund.  So I'm weary to try things these days.  I'd also like to exclude stuff like Torchlight and Diablo, while I love story, I'm not really looking for things where I have to itemize or prioritize stats, like item effects, or equiping items for different effects are cool, even having different weapons is fine, just not something we have to stop every level and that 10 minutes to skill up, buy/sell, go through items... Looking for a smooth pacing. 
[dark messiah of might and magic]	I'm talking about a game that features a lot of pulling and throwing your enemies around meaningfully (not just as a death animation or knockback).. In Mass Effect, it can have a huge tactical impact, aiming your Pull sideways to pull them towards the edge of a chasm or throwing your enemies together, then detonating the pile of temporarily ragdolled enemies. The only game that really springs to mind right now is Gang Beasts, which features a lot of grappling and throwing, but there's got to be more than that..
[bulletstorm]	So my girlfriend has been looking for a mindless fun game to unwind with after work, and I'm having a surprisingly hard time thinking of things. Her all time favorite game is Starfox 64, and more recently she's enjoyed the Black Ops Zombie mode. Generally, she's looking for a game that's easy to pick up and play, and the majority of the game involves shooting things. She also would prefer a game that's more cartoony and less realistic. Couch co-op would also be nice, but not a requirement. The platforms we have are PS3 and WiiU. Anyone have any suggestions?
[diablo]	Hi everyone,  My girlfriend and I have been looking (and failing) for co op RPG games that we can play together.  Our criteria have made this quite a stretch, but it would be amazing if people could input some ideas please. We're primarily looking for RPGs (or JRPGs if possible) for the PC or Nintendo 3DS that we can sink hours into.   Noteable games that we have played and thoroughly enjoyed are:  Dragon Quest IX,  Diablo 3,  Borderlands 1/2,  Monster Hunter.  We play League of Legends every now and again and Payday 2, but we're looking to sink hours into a game that we can enjoy at a relaxing pace.  I've been looking into the Wizards of the Coast / Obsidian games such as NWN, BG2 and IWD, but am unsure how they work in co op environments. Following that, we've looked at Divinity: Original Sin, but we are worried it won't meet up to the price tag.  If anyone has any ideas on some great games, we'd be very thankful!
[arcade action, minecraft, spelunky, pick up, mw2]	x-post from /r/games; because I didn't read the rules  Although I do love me some epic single-player games ( Skyrim), entering into uni/college and taking on more responsibilities; I've become time poor. I'm looking for PC games to play that can satisfy my need to de-stress within a short period of time (10-20 minutes). I never feel satisfied with a single player game until I finish it, and I don't want to play MOBAs, MMOs or other multiplayer games that force you to play on for a long period of time. So, this being the best place to ask this kind of question, any suggestions for PC games that can satisfy my itch for ~10 to 20 minutes?
[metro last light, metro 2033, metro 2033]	I don't have a hardcore gaming pc. The games I can decently run end at Fallout 3. So it would be nice if you guys would only post suggestion in which the game came out pre 2010.  I have played most of the canonized classics. I'm mostly looking for more indie-y games because those major publishes that I can run I have played.  Specs: Pocessor: Intel Core i3-3220 CPU  Intel HD graphics RAM: 8GB OS: Win 10 64bit  Here are a few games from the top of my head that I have played (if you find it here please don't suggest it):  *  Starcraft (all releases) - Age of Empires (all releases) - Warcraft 2&amp;3 - Red alert (all releases) - Civilization series - Total war series - Mortal Kombat series - Doom - Worms - Quake - Elder Scrolls - Fallout 3 - Fifa - Runescape - Half-life - Heroes of Might and Magic - Counter-Strike - Team Fortress - Dota - Grand theft auto - SWAT - Need for Speed - The Sims - Deus ex - Diablo - Postal - Max Payne - Dynasty warriors - Rise of Nations - Yu-gi-oh - Unreal Tournament - Far cry - Call of Duty - Guitar Hero -  - Company of Heroes - Saints row - Mass Effect - Assassin's creed - Bioshock - Crysis - Portal - Witcher - Europa Universalis - Victoria - Mount and Blade - Skullgirls - Street fighter - Bastion - Poly bridge - Spore - Dragon Age - Borderlands  and many more  Thanks in advance!
[baldur's gate, kyn]	I am looking for a game to play with a friend online and we have currently exhausted our list of games to play together. We are looking for an RPG style game that has an open world where you could explore, quest etc. and has an emphasis on being able to level up a character, collect and craft unique and awesome items and has some sort of endgame purpose.    I am really not a fan of MMO's as most of the time you have to put in the hours to stay a part of a guild or whatever; instead I am looking for a co-op experience.     Note: Bonus points if there was some sort of base/fort building involved, although you usually don't see these gameplay mechanics in RPG's.    &amp;nbsp;  These are the games we have played and loved, a combination of these would be amazing:  **Terraria** - including the recent , we both love this game!  **Diablo** - all of them!  **Torchlight 1/2** - mods included  **Grim Dawn** - Great, but finished current content  **Path of Exile** - I really tried with this one, just couldn't get into it.  **Borderlands** - all of them, love this series!  **Trove** - was OK but very repedative and end-game is a mindless grindfest  **Guild Wars 2** - a solid game with a heap of potential but as previously stated I am not a huge fan of MMO's  &amp;nbsp;  I love oldschool JRPG's, the perfect game would be an open world co-op JRPG with rich crafting and character systems and meaningful endgame I suppose.  I would love to give Cubeworld a go - seems like the perfect fit for what we want - but the game is currently not for sale and I am well versed on the issues surrounding it :)  Any suggestions welcome! 
[majin and the forsaken kingdom, shadows of the damned, neverdead]	I'm predominantly a PC gamer and I also own a PS4. However, there are a few PS3 games I really would like to play. I am only interested in PS3 exclusives and games NOT available on PC/PS4 (obviously). What games would you guys suggest? Great, yet criminally overlooked games are what I'm most interested in.   If it helps, I will be streaming these games, so any game you would consider extremely "streamable" (or exciting, scary, funny, bizarre) are welcome!  To give you guys an idea of what games I like, here's a list of the ones I'm already considering getting:  - Asura's Wrath - Catherine - Lollipop Chainsaw - Red Dead Redemption - ICO/Shadow of Colossus - Silent Hill HD Collection - Fatal Frame (whichever the best one is)  That's all I can think of so far. Others I want, but are already on, or coming to PS4 are:  - Journey - Uncharted series - Heavy Rain  - Beyond: Two Souls  Can anyone fill in the blanks? Thanks!  Also, what are good sites to keep track of sales for PS3/PS4? Looking for something similar to Steam with its wishlist.
[planescape: torment, the longest journey, adventure games, final fantasy, front mission, front mission, dreamfall]	Generic seizure precautions, basically. It's temporary, but I still don't have many games I can play unless they remove the restrictions in February.  Some games I like, but can't play right now:  (Note: reasons are approximated, as I can't recall all the things in games I'm supposed to avoid)  * Stepmania -- Flashing, rapid movement, lots of things going on at once in songs with attached video * Osu! -- Flashing, rapid movement, lots of things going on at once in songs with attached video * Taiko no Tatsujin Portable 2 -- Flashing, rapid movement * Rhythm Heaven -- Flashing, rapid movement * Super Smash Bros. 3DS -- Flashing, rapid movement * WarioWare: Smooth Moves -- Flashing, rapid movement * Kingdom Hearts -- Flashing, rapid movement * Guitar Hero 3: Legends of Rock -- Flashing, rapid movement, lots of things going on at once * The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim -- FPS camera * Splatoon -- Rapid movement * realMyst -- FPS camera with no point-and-click option like realMyst Masterpiece * Shadow of the Colossus -- Rapid movement, camera movement has a blur effect * Symphony -- Flashing, rapid movement, lots of things going on at once * Typing of the Dead -- Flashing, rapid movement * Portal 2 -- FPS camera, rapid movement * Trauma Center: Under the Knife -- Rapid movement, especially in the final level * Beat Hazard Ultra -- Flashing, rapid movement * Pixel Puzzles: Japan -- Puzzle pieces move around the play grid erratically * Rollercoaster Tycoon -- When there are large crowds, there appears to be a lot of rapid movement * The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds -- Too much going on with the whole depth stuff (not 3D related) * Learn with Pokemon: Typing Adventure -- Flashing, rapid movement * The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth -- Flashing, rapid movement * Chicken Invaders: Cluck of the Dark Side -- Flashing, rapid movement * Knytt Underground -- Rapid movement from tiny characters  Some games I like and know I can play right now:  * Faerie Solitaire (well, no one's said anything to me about this yet so it's most likely okay, but it's borderline...) * Steins;Gate * Captain Toad * Riven: The Sequel to Myst * Myst / Myst Masterpiece * Mario no Super Picross * Mother (I play the 25th Anniversary Edition) * Papers, Please * Tabletop Simulator * Cooking Mama * Poker Night 2 * Saya no Uta * Guru Logic Champ * Rhythm Heaven -- Must play with eyes closed * Rhythm Heaven Fever -- Must play with eyes closed  Genres I would rather have right now:  * Rhythm * Simulation * First-Person Adventure * First-Person Puzzler * Puzzle * RPG * Action RPG * Horror beyond all horror (but it's not horror if it's not worse than   Stuff I would never play in a million years:  * Sports games (Exception: Mario-themed games, Backyard Soccer) * Sudoku * Dumb simulators ( Airport Simulator 2013), not including Goat Sim * Games as stupidly impossible as Lexica * Dumbshit war games that have a new version released every month/year  Systems I have:  * PC * NES * SNES * GBC * GBA * N64 * GCN * Wii * NDS * 3DS * Wii U * PS2 * PS3 * PS4 * 360 * Game Gear * Android Phone * iPad  Note: Even if I did have an Oculus Rift and there were some safe games I could play, there still no way I could play any games with it because of the 3D. I've been barred from playing anything in 3D.
[dwarf fortress]	I spend a good ammount of time talking to people over skype but I run into the issue that I'm left watching videos to keep myself occupied while waiting for responces.  I'm fond of many kinds of games so there isn't anything that could be called a bad suggestion but there are a few things I would prefer the game to have:  -The ability to be played in a window, browser, or in borderless windowed mode.  -It should be either turnbased, or something I can turn my attention away from without consequence  -It's good enough to want to play it even if I'm not partially distracted.  Bonus points for:  -Has multiplayer and an active community (and bots/single player if it has multiplayer)  -It's free
[diablo 2, pcs]	Hey, I am looking for a game for me and boyfriend to play. I am looking for something along the lines of an RPG game similar to skyrim in it's mass of quests. We need local co-op/ split screen co-op as unforcanetly my laptop dose not run games too well epshally online co-op/mmo. I would like something with a long length in play time that won't jus take us an hour to completely something we can come back to. I am also not looking for dungeon crawlers.  Is there anything out there indie or other wise that comes even close to that? (Also not looking for the skyrim mmo as again it will not run for me on my laptop)  Thank you 
[victoria 2]	Hi! So I'm looking for a game which lets you play as a nation (or a ruler) and is (at least mostly) based on internal (and external) politics. I'm a huge Total War fan, but that's exactly not what I mean here. The TW series focusses on war and all politically decisions are more or less gimmicks.   I would like to choose between things like democracy or totalitarianism, free market or planned economy, how to deal with religious/ethnic minorities, separatists, free media and so on. Civ5 kinda does this with these social policies, but it only offers you certain bonuses. I think it should be a huge deal to change a democracy into a dictatorship or vice versa. There should be some kind of resistance and different choices on how to deal with that. (For example: Reforms to make people happier or more oppression with police/military.) But I would also favour to not have it all just black and white, oppression or freedom, but more diverse.   I already know CKII and yes, some of these elements are in that game. And it's a lot of fun, I love it, but still not what I'm looking for atm. It's more about family/dynasty than nation politics and so on.   Could EU4 be similar to what I described? Any other suggestions? Would be very cool!
[plants vs zombies]	Hey guys! So my mom's birthday is coming up and she's an avid gamer, ever since I got a game boy as a kid. She loved games like diablo 3 and played WoW for a couple of years. Last year I installed her steam and bought her divinity: original sin as well as banished. She likes both games, even though banished is a bit tough for her as she comes from more casual games like the Anno series and such.   Anyhow, my question is if anyone here can point me towards some cool fantasy rpgs, strategy games etc. on steam!  Like nothing too hardcore, you know ;) The thing is that I am usually playing shooters and the more brutal stuff so I don't have the insight into cool games that don't require too much skill and that you can play every once in a while.   I know I can find tons of games on steam, but I wanted to ask you guys what you enjoy if you want to play a relaxed game.   Thanks in advance :)   edit: english is not mine nor my mom's first language, so if it's available in german, that'd be great :)
[valkyria chronicles, phantom breaker, fairy fencer f, asura]	I'm sort of turning into an old and jaded gamer. There's always a few games getting all the hype and attention, but personally I often feel it's just more of the same. So I'm looking for lesser known games with unusual settings, mechanics, ideas. A few examples:  * Fate of the World: A turn-based strategy game that lets you fight climate change. Has elements of a spreadsheet simulator, which I love.  * Shadowrun Returns and/or Shadowrun Dragonfall: In a way, two very unambitious RPGs. No voice acting, turn based fighting, predictable story. But they really capture the Shadowrun spirit, which in my opinion is one of the best roleplaying settings ever created.  * Arx Fatalis. Inspired by Ultima Underworld. Gesture-based casting system. Being stuck underground somehow makes exploring much more satisfying.  What lesser known, unpopular or, as far as critical opinion is concerned, failed game would you recommend?
[dwarf fortress]	I'm very interested in fictional world-building. Universes that don't exist that have their own social structures and governments. Like Avatar: The Last Airbender, Star Wars, and the like.  Are there any "games" that allow you to just be dropped into an intricate fictional universe like these and just walk around in it? No particular goals or story, just a large-scale virtual representation of a fictional universe where every road leads somewhere, each building has a purpose, and every NPC has their very own life.  I'm doubtful that a game like this exists, but if anybody has heard of something even close, whether it be good or bad, I'd like to know.  And I'm talking strictly single-player experiences. Second Life and other things like it are not what I'm talking about.
[warframe, warframe]	Hi my name is Rad-Mobile and I'm a loot whore. I believe that's the first step to dealing with addiction...    Anyway, I absolutely love games with tons of loot, customization, and min/maxing. I've already played D3 extensively in PC and ps4 so I'm over that. I'm currently playing through Borderlands: HJC and enjoying it, but I'd like another game to throw in every once in a while. I don't care much about story, but I'm also not picky on Genre, as long as there's a carrot on a stick.  Any suggestions for loot-focused games on ps4?
[total war: shogun 2]	Me and my friend are both big fans of Civilization V, but found it a bit too bare bones and boring after a while. We've both played Victoria II and loved the map painting aspect but HATED the combat system as somehow we always managed to lose despite following combat guides and unit composition suggestions. We would like to avoid Paradox Games altogether in the suggestions, and would like combat akin to 4X games. That meaning, if my unit is stronger, and I pace my attacks, I will most likely win the fight.  Thanks, and I look forward to seeing your suggestions!
[gothic universe, out there]	I'm stuck at home and I need to satiate my wanderlust.   I'm looking for a game, preferably fantasy genre, where I can create a character and just explore a world that's worth exploring, levelling up and continuing to build my character.  If it's a multiplayer game (like MMOs) then I'd like it to be as soloable as possible, just up until endgame at least and maybe even then some, I'm more interested in the world and just generally exploring/experiencing than the raiding/endgame aspects right now.  If it's online, I have about 200ping to USA servers, and more to EU servers if things need to be pinpoint with their timing and such.  Games I've played that have had a similar feel to what I'm looking for;  * D&amp;D * wow * GW1/2 * Swtor * All the Elder Scrolls games. * Baldur's Gate 1&amp;2 * Icewind Dale 1&amp;2 * Kingdoms of Amalur (fuck this thing was long) * Dragon Age series * Avernum series * Avadon  * Geneforge series * Diablo series * Witcher series * Pillars of Eternity * Divinity series * Planescape Torment * Risen 1/2 * Demon/Dark souls. (I liked the world for this, but the gameplay isn't what I'm looking for)  I'm running , and have a great GFX/cpu/mobo set up so I should be able to run anything unless it's really old and needs compatibility patches, but then again should still be able to run it.
[running with rifles]	A game with combat like freespace 2 where huge spaceships fired their beam cannons while you fought off bombers.     Or a little like mount and blade.     A game in which I have a degree of control over my fellow troops. (I can order charges in M&amp;B and have formations in some mods, I can order my wingmates in FS2)      I want a game like that with an added focus on tactics. The games which I mentioned are great, but what I want is more tactics, a larger scale... M&amp;B vanilla was fun, but pissed me off with troops charging like two packs of dogs unleashed on each other.      I want something on the lines of Rome: Total War but I want to be in there along with my troops. Does this exist?
[warframe, ninja]	I'm on an ARPG binge again, and looking for something to hold my interest - Diablo 3 got old a long time ago, and Path of Exile bugged the *hell* out of me because it's impossible to fill out 100% of the skill tree.  I'm really into Skyforge right now - Trying to farm sparks to fill out the ascension atlas is pretty much *exactly* what I'm looking for, or even mobile games like Marvel Future Fight or Dungeon Boss - Grinding for new characters and working to max them out.  I loved the job system in Final Fantasy XIV, but I can't afford the subscription right now, so it's kind of impossible.  Is there anything grindy with lots of characters/classes to max out? (Preferably *not* with tons of alts like WoW or anything.)  EDIT: I just realized that The Secret World fits the description, but I've been playing TSW since launch and have done pretty much everything there is to do in the game, so I need something new.
[back to the future, king's quest]	My 10 year old is asking me to download Life is Strange to his xbox and after looking at the reviews I think the story line and sex content is over his head and would bother him.  Can anyone recommend a similar type game without the sex stuff?  I'm not stressed over the rating of the game itself because his dad usually plays too and he has other "M" games.  COD level violence is my limit but it's sex content that bothers him.  We are looking at reviews of the games together so he's eager to see your comments  UPDATE:  Thank you to everyone who commented on a game.  We really appreciate your help.  We checked them all out and he's going with King's Quest and saving his $ to get Gone Home.  
[far cry 3]	I really enjoy games with:   * vast and expansive overworlds. I especially love when I can choose to walk towards something I can see in the distance until I eventually get to it. * a story that isn't spoonfed to you. It's especially satisfying when I can just do a bunch of sidequests and never have to come back to the main task at hand. * very little interaction to other characters. There's something very engrossing about being isolated in a game where you just feel like you *are* the character. * fantasy or sci-fi settings. I do not like playing "realistic" games. Please no GTA.  Games that I have enjoyed that fit at least 2-3 of these categories:  * Minecraft * Metroid (this is my favorite series) * Shadow of the Colossus (probably my favorite game of all time, even above Super Metroid and Prime) * Journey * Dark Souls * Fallout 3/NV * The Elder Scrolls 3-5 * Many popular Metroidvania titles * Shenmue
[ninety-nine nights, too human, tenchu]	Last gen, I had a PC and PS3 for all of my gaming. I thought about getting an Xbox One or PS4, but the libraries don't have enough games that interest me yet as I can play multiplats on my PC. I got a great deal on an Xbox 360 and Kinect from a friend of mine and am looking to pick up about around 10 games to build a little collection to start playing through.  So far I picked up Halo Reach, Fable 2, and Dance Central 2 (the whole reason for the Kinect). I'm pretty open to genres but I'll be skipping sports games or fighters unless they have some sort of amazing single-player mode and I'd like to limit my shooters to one Halo and maybe a Gears of War. I'll be play a majority of these games single player with some local multiplayer thrown in.  **TL;DR** I am looking for games that weren't on the PS3 and might have slipped under the radar compared to the Halos and Gears of War
[dark souls, dark souls]	So recently I decided to quit league of legends. (Amazing game, would still recommend to anyone, but it's time that I quit) Anyways, I'm looking for a game that I can play to replace my time that I would have played league. I wanted a MMO at first, however I think I just want a really good single player game.  Now, the type of game that I am looking for. As I said in the title, I need a game that I can put an insane amount of time into. I really like RPG's where I can collect everything, but also has good game play. Skyrim is a great example. I would mod the shit out of Skyrim, collect everything and store it away. Also, completing every single quest was a really fun challenge too. It's by far the most fun I've ever had out of one video game, but after 1300 hours of Skyrim I think it's time I move on.  Here is a list of games that I have played a ton and enjoyed, followed by a list of games that I tried and couldn't really get into.  Enjoyed -  * Skyrim * Oblivion * Morrowind * Minecraft * Banished (Doesn't fit, but I really enjoyed literally filling the entire map with my village) * Stonehearth (Pretty much the same as banished) * WOW (I did like it a lot for some time, just because I could grind for those really rare items, however I like single-player far more. Which actually makes me wonder if setting up a private server just to play by myself would be worth it) * Civilization V   Didn't enjoy so much:  * Dragon Age Series (Not sure why, Never really had fun with them) * Fallout Series (Thanks /u/Carrykov) * (Couldn't think of too many, However I'll add more if I think of them)  I hope this is enough information for you guys to work with. Any suggestion at all is fine, and very much appreciated. Thanks in advance!  What has been suggested so far:  * The Witcher 3 (Thanks! /u/merkwerk) * Fallout Series (Thanks! /u/Carrykov) * Dark Souls (Thanks! /u/michahm0) * Mount and Blade: Warband (Thanks! /u/attackontitanite) * Baldur's Gate (Thanks! /u/pobydd) * Neverwinter (Thanks! /u/pobydd) * Mass Effect Series (Thanks! /u/Yoshi_138) * Factorio (Thanks! /u/xEverdred) * Everquest (Thanks! /u/ozmackem) 
[the walking dead]	Hello folks. I started getting a few games but I discovered I'm disliking a lot of them; I either became more picky or games have changed. I don't mind games being linear, because the pacing tends to be better. Single player or local multiplayer (not a big fan or playing with random people on Internet)  Games I've enjoyed  * Phoenix Wright series: great dialogue, funny and intelligent.  * Hotel Dusk: one of my favorite games. Great dialogue, characters, story, music, puzzles, setting.  * Shadow of the Colossus: art, gameplay  * Zelda OOT: memorable story, characters, locations, items.   * MGS 1,2 &amp; 4: purely genius.  * Halo 1 &amp; 2/Bioshock/Gears of War/God of War/DmC 3/CoD 4: fun gameplay, nice difficulty and story.   Games I've stopped playing and/or disliked:  * Fallout and TES series: really interesting, but incredibly overwhelming * Borderlands series: mindless trigger action and just eye candy guns * Psychonauts: collectibles, gross aesthetics, cringy dialogue.   What I dislike:  * Grinding  * Time sinkers (+100 hours)   * Artificial game extenders (random encounters)  * Games that can be "broken" (I had to download difficulty tweakers for Borderlands)  * Games with a lot of hidden items, collectibles or cryptic puzzles, and that requires constant wiki and/or guide checking     Thanks in advance, fellows :)
[kentucky route zero, thomas was alone, this game, apotheon ]	I finished "Ori and the blind forest" recently which was one of the most beautiful games I've ever played and I'm looking for more stuff for the PC. I'm not just looking for something that has great quality graphics like the newest Crysis or whatever, I want something with style and visually not only appealing but interesting. Basically something artsy. Preferably something with a bit more interesting gameplay but not necessarily. Another example like this that I have played would be Transistor.  Basically games in which the graphics aren't trying to immitate reality but rather to create a unique art piece.
[freelancer, eve online, homeworld]	Looking for a game where I start out with one spaceship and can explore the galaxy, building my fleet up (with spoils from previous engagements) and battling stronger and stronger enemy fleets.   Battles don't need to be action-based. Turn-based stuff is probably more desirable actually.  Also, not looking for anything too intense like requiring spreadsheets (EVE Online?).   I have most recent/previous-gen gaming consoles (except XBone) and can boot up my Mac (sorry!) into Windows so I can run games on that too.   Thanks all!  **EDIT:** Consolidating all recommendations. Thanks all; I really appreciate it. :)  * HomeWorld - /u/Liambp  * Space Rangers 2 - /u/Raagun  * Infinite Space - /u/Reliant  * Star Sector - /u/Alternate_Views  * The Mandate (unreleased) - /u/Khers  * Spaz - /u/asifbaig
[dragon age origins, black and white, the witcher, kotor, lol]	I'm curious if there's any game that handles morality well. I've played Neverwinter Nights and Baldur's Gate, but I wasn't interested in the alignment mechanics. It seemed like a great mechanic for the pen and paper method of playing D&amp;D campaigns, but lacked depth or interest in a video game version.  I'd like a video game that didn't treat me like Jesus or Satan with no room for overlap or middle ground. I played Dragon Age Origins a while ago, and it had the most reasonable morality system for me. There was one mission where you purge a magic school from creatures. Along the way you meet a healer, who was a big help and would stay in your party. However, if you chose to deal with the boss of that area in a certain way, she'd disagree and attack you.  This was interesting, because the choice wasn't pure good or evil and there was a consequence. I usually dislike it when a game gives associate all decisions with permanent consequences. I'd like some light stuff in there too.  
[project zomboid]	I am looking to find some sort of post-apocalyptic survival game that has elements of survival (obviously) and base building. A game that I have been following for a very long time is [Roam](https:// however this appears to be completely dead at this point in time (long time between updates and no proof-of-life, this is unfortunate as it was everything I was looking for).  I am wondering if there are any other games out there that might be similar (or basically the same as Roam!). I have tried and enjoyed Project Zomboid but am looking for something else.   &amp;nbsp;  **Requirements:**  * Multiplayer (or co-op as I want to play with a friend)  * Not MMO - I can't stand the MMO gankfests like Rust/H1Z1/DayZ  * Preferably on Steam (but will still look at others!)  * Must have elements of Base building and survival - hopefully some sort of 'point' to surviving as well.  * Would prefer isometric game  &amp;nbsp;  I have tried standard survival games like Ark, The Forest, 7 Days to Die etc. but I think I am really looking for an isometric style rather than FPS/3rd Person. Oh and I gave How to Survive a try but found it to be complete trash :S  &amp;nbsp;  Any suggestions much appreciated! 
[the witcher]	I can't help but feel that Obsidian somehow "got away" with making New Vegas because there are so many things in it that you just don't see in games anymore.          An almost fully voice-acted game on a relatively modern engine that gives you tons of dialogue choices that actually matter and locks you out of entire quest lines depending on what you do? Madness! We can't have our players not experience all of our content, they have to be the head of every guild and get along with everybody!         And on top of that it has a very carefully crafted world that makes sense and is full of interesting and memorable quests and characters. I'm pretty disillusioned after getting into Fallout 3 and remembering why I don't bother with Bethesda games anymore, everything is so flat and it caters to the player to a fault.         TL;DR: Any other modern games with an interesting world that makes sense and reacts to the player in meaningful ways?
[xenogears]	I LOVE traditional turn-based JRPGs, especially 16/32 bit ones of the SNES/PS1 era. I also love Xenoblade, but I understand that's a Xeno game in name only.  Are the Xeno games good? In particular, would you say Xenogears has the same insane quality as the classics of that era (Chrono Trigger, FF 6-9)? I've heard Xenosaga dropped in quality, how do all 3 games compare to Xenogears in quality? Do the games share any storyline or thematic similarities?  Debating whether to invest a large chunk of time into Xenogears and a large chunk of money and time into the 3 Xenosaga games. Any info you can give me would be appreciated!
[borderlands 2, my friends]	My 2 friends and I have run out of games. We've played for a lot of hours, and understandably, we've lost interest in a lot of games. Some of the games we played were Terraria, Payday 2, Left 4 Dead 2, CS:GO, Burnout Paradise, Worms Revolution, and SpeedRunners. All but the last two we're either burnt out on, technical errors, or other things that prevent us from playing these games. All I'm looking for are a few good games that are at least 3 person online multiplayer, in similar genres to the ones listed, and preferably not full $60 releases. Anything suggested helps, and please add a little info about the game you suggest and why you like it. Thank you!
[ori and the blind forest , knytt underground , guacamelee! , great deal, cave story]	Hi! Recently played these exploration/puzzle games:  - Limbo (really enjoyed it) - Hero of Many (enjoyed it) - Gauntlet (enjoyed it but almost zero puzzles, more like a shoot-em-up) - Never Alone (couldn't get into it) - The Swapper (couldn't get into it) - Badland (couldn't get into it) - Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet (caused motion sickness, couldn't get into it)  Any games like Limbo and Hero of Many that you can recommend? Doesn't matter if they're old games. I guess what I like most about Limbo and Hero of Many is the exploration aspect and the simple controls. Grazie!  
[stardew valley, harvest moon, out there]	Hi all. Today my non-gaming SO casually dropped the remark that she might actually play a farming game. This is a once in a lifetime chance, but farming games are unfamiliar soil for me (^sorry). I glanced through Steam, but didn't see anything that convinced me. So: which farming games do you recommend? Ideally, it...  - is easy to get into - can be played casually - offers CO-OP - is not too hardware-intensive (2D is totally fine) - isn't in Early Access - is on Steam and has achievements - isn't only about riding tractors or other big machines
[rimworld]	I just sold off all my CS:GO skins and have some money to spend on games. I'm looking for something that can provide most, if not all, the above criteria. I have a fairly low-end laptop, but I can run games like Fallout: NV, Mass Effect on low settings, and Skyrim on low settings (windowed/low resolution). This doesn't mean I'm necessarily looking for a FPS-style game though; an RTS/RPG etc. would be fine as well.   Some games that address some of the above criteria that I already own are:  Cities: Skylines  Crusader Kings II  Skyrim  Endless Space  Europa Universalis IV  Fallout: NV  Mass Effect 1&amp;2  Mercenary Kings  Minecraft  Mount &amp; Blade: Warband  Prison Architect  Civilization  Starbound  Terraria  Total War  Tropico  Windward   As you can see, some of those games are pretty dissimilar. Some of them are only really tangentially related to what I'm looking for. My main goal is to find a game that allows for the player to function within a world and help create and influence it. I would prefer something sandbox if possible, but its not a deal breaker.  I look forward to any suggestions! :)
[no man's sky]	I was super excited to buy *Elite Dangerous*, but today I learned that apparently the devs [have gone EA on us.](https:// So I'm looking for a game that's similar if not relatively the same.  I want to:  * Build my own spaceship * Pilot said spaceship * Travel the universe to other planets or civilizations and whatnot * Take on jobs or tasks or missions ( I want something to DO other than just fight ships/fly aimlessly/build ships) - Essentially I want a game that does all these things, not just one of them * Preferably on PC, but console games aren't an issue * Preferably 3D, but I'm not picky.  Some spaceship games that I already have and like:  * FTL * Space Engineers * Ring Runner: Flight of the Sages  I heard about [Everspace](http:// today, and thought it sounded interesting, but I was looking for something now. Any help you guys could give would be awesome.  **TL;DR - Looking for a game with similar elements to** *Elite Dangerous* **that isn't** *Elite Dangerous*
[planescape: torment, endgame]	I've been getting frustrated with games that have really neat settings and really neat character creation and skill systems but in which nearly all I ever get to actually do is kill things. Even games that technically allow you to avoid combat still make combat your main way of gaining experience to level up, so you kind of have to build a fighter just to get the experience to rank up in other skills.  Can you guys recommend some games that are at least as much about stealth, exploration, crafting, and social interaction as combat? (But which still actually have /some/ combat.) Huge bonus points for anything where influencing NPCs to bring them over to my side is a thing. I'm looking for something that allows a general attitude of "sneaky, crafty pacifism".  Some games that have let me do this sort of thing in the past are Uplink: Hacker Elite, Princess Maker 2, Trilby: The Art Of Theft, Liberal Crime Squad, and Endgame: Singularity.
[the walking dead , tf2, l4d]	My girlfriend grew up playing PS1, gamecube, Xbox, but only always as second player when her brother needed a second player. The only PC game she ever played was The Sims. I've been out of the gaming loop for a few years, but the last pieces of my new rig should be arriving in the mail tomorrow. Any suggestions for a Action/Adventure or RPG that is relatively quick to get into? Don't want anything grindy...  I plan on picking up Team Fortress2 and Rocket League for myself.  I think she will enjoy both of those, but I bet you guys and gals know of some better options.   
[this game, you up]	Hey people!  I'm looking for a certain kind of game for a certain kind of itch I currently can't scratch!  Basically I'm looking for an open world trading game, but something along the lines of Euro Truck Simulator 2 or the trading runs you could do in ArcheAge. So something a bit ... zen, where the way between the trades has its own appeal. In space would be cool, or it could have a fantasy setting, real world contemporary isn't my favourite, but I take what I can get. I was actually looking forward to Cosmonautica but everyone says that that still needs a few more patches before one should consider buying. I also heard good things about Windward, but not sure if that game fits what I'm looking for. Elite Dangerous also seems to have a good trading system but the road between trades doesn't seem to be interesting as you just (as far as I've seen) jump from trading post to trading post.  Thanks for any help!
[bioshock]	I've tried a bunch of single player FPS games, and I just can't get into them. It's just a matter of shooting a bunch of the same enemy over and over, in the same scenarios or situations. The environments change, but only aesthetically, and sometimes they don't even do that.       I guess I'm looking for shooter games that have nice enemy variety, design variety ( segments that aren't simply "walk here"), and weapon variety.       I've tried   -Red Dead Redemption, got bored and quit   -Bioshock, got bored but still forced myself to beat it   -Deus Ex, this was so dated that I couldn't get into it   -Spec Ops, any interesting plot points were not worth me playing through them   -Mass Effect 2, I'm in the last few missions but I'm really bored, only the changing crew dialogue is keeping me interested, the story is whatever       The only exceptions are The Last of Us, as it has stealth parts too, and the story was so good that I didn't mind the gameplay as much, and Metroid Prime, which isn't really an FPS but it has elements that I'd like, like varying enemies, different sections, huge changes in environment, and so on. I also liked Resident Evil 4, it switched up the gameplay decently.         I guess I also like Left 4 Dead, but that's mainly because of how the game is built for multiple players, CounterStrike, because of how it feels competitively and the mods, and Halo, but that might be because I played it with friends.
[shadow of mordor, last battle]	Edit: For PC.  I really enjoy games like the following because of their endless replayability, random/procedural world or loot generation, and sandbox modes.  * Banished * Borderlands * DayZ * Elder Scrolls, The * Elite: Dangerous * Fallout * Long Dark, The * Minecraft * Mount &amp; Blade: Warband * NEO Scavenger * Project Zomboid * Salt * STALKER * Starbound * Stranded Deep * Terraria * X3 * Various roguelikes, most notably Cataclysm: DDA and UnReal World  Some other games I played and found either decent or just plain crappy are  * 7 Days to Die * ARK * Dark Souls * Darkwood * Diablo * Don't Starve * Eternal Winter * Forest, The * Frozen State * Life is Feudal: Your Own * Miasmata * Planet Explorers * Reign of Kings * Rust * Space Engineers * State of Decay * Subnautica * Torchlight * TUG  I really wanted to like Dark Souls and tried hard to play it several times over several years, but I think that is an insane game for insane, masochistic people (I can barely get past the tutorial). Most games in the "decent" list are still too early in development or just feel empty or repetitive IMO.  I might have tried them all but maybe I have overlooked some game(s).  My ideal game would feature an open world with randomized loot where you make your own stories through random encounters and character/equipment upgrades or survival (hunger, health management) rather than following a strict storyline (which is nice, too, but it doesn't have to be essential for the gameplay).
[luftrausers]	[Here](http:// is a link to the sale page. The sale seems to be going on all weekend.  Hotline Miami 1 &amp; 2 and Shadow Warrior (2013) are obviously two of the most notable games by Devolver Digital. I really enjoyed both HMs and just took advantage of the sale to get Shadow Warrior for $4.    However there's a lot of other games on sale from them, most of which I never heard of, apart from the Serious Sam series. Just wondering if you guys saw any games there that you would really recommend, and why.  Thanks!!
[arma 3, arma 2]	Two armies are dropped into an area with bases and camps. You are a soldier, just like the soldiers beside you. Go. Fight. Win.  I love Star Wars: Battlefront. I have just exhausted it. I know the maps. I know the weapons. I love the concept and want to play other games where the developers toyed with the concept.  EDIT: To be clear, I don't want 5v5. I don't want 20v20. I want 100v100 or more. I want an army. And it can be online multiplayer or not. That part doesn't matter as much as long as the AI is decently competent. 
[ttt]	I host a lan party about once a month and we have about 8 to 10 players on average. Current games we play: flatout 2, cod4, tee worlds, grid, bf 1942, dirty bomb, chivalry, cs go. Last week I setup a private server for wow and we did an onyxia raid. It was fun but setting everything up was a chore. Are there any games that offer instant dungeon action for such a large group of players? Do you guys see any holes that need to be filled other than rts games? We tried starcraft and me and a buddy are the only two who has played and we had too large of an advantage.  Thanks!
[deus ex: human revolution, the last day, fallout 3, gta v, gta v]	Looking for some good games for SP/MP.  I love adventure games with a good story for single player, also games that are technical where you have to be stealth ect...  For MP I really want to get into a couple sandbox games. I'm considering buying GTA V but all the reviews say the online multiplayer is horrid and stacked with hackers and innocent players are getting banned..  Other games I'm considering and have never played before:  Elder Scrolls: Skyrim  Fallout 3 New Vegas  Far Cry 3  ARK: Survival Evolved  BF4  Never bought anything from steam before, do things go on sale often? If I decide to get some of the games above should I wait for a sale?  Thanks guys :)
[burnout paradise, nfs]	I know this has probably been posted before, but let me explain. I have an Xbox 360 and a crappy laptop. I'm looking for an open world, online racing or driving game. Something where, let's say, I'm driving down the highway and I seen another player down the road, and I drive up next to him and rev my engine purely to taunt him, then race down the freeway. I also want some sort of customization to the game. Something along the lines of the Forza games, not where you just drop a shit ton of cash and you have the fastest car in the game. Forza Horizon 2 on the Xbox one is the prime example of what I'm trying to find, unfortunately, FH2 on the 360 is horse shit. A game to show off your cars, and fly down the road at break neck speeds with other players online. 
[mgs]	Haven't been able to get into much lately. Bought Dead Island Riptide on sale recently, I liked the first quite a lot, but I guess my standards have gone up or my tolerance for bullshit has lowered. I like the combat, and the loot is fun. All very satisfying, but the game is coded like shit. Shitty low FOV that breaks the gun handling if you change it, and it randomly unbinds my mouse from the game so it goes onto my second monitor and minimizes the game when I click. So that one's a no-go. Put like ten hours into FTL, but I feel like I saw all I wanted to see from that game.   What are some good mechanics-focused games that run properly on PC?
[spec ops the line]	I really just want a well made game that I can enjoy. Regardless of the genre. I'll try to list some games that I liked, but since I play so damn much I can't even remember what I played:  Assassin's Creed, Prototype, Witcher, Elder Scrolls, GTA, Fallout, Minecraft Watch Dogs, Thief, Deus Ex, Mass Effect, Portal, Dragon Age, Batman, Far cry, ~~Starcraft~~ any Blizzard game, Dishonored, Tomb Raider, Max Payne, Watch Dogs, Hitman, Bioshock Saints Row, Borderlands.   Hmm, after typing all of this out it kinda feels like I'm wasting my life. These don't even begin to cover all the games I've played, I'm not even gonna mention all the time wasted on MMOs.  Anyway, thank you in advance.   
[shadow of the colossus, ico, ico, ico]	I'm looking for a game where I can explore abandoned/broken-down places, buildings, etc. with a focus on immersion, atmosphere, and hopefully graphics (realistic). Ancient buildings are cool, abandoned cities, jungles, or whatever you can think of. Preferably adventure type games as I don't want to play an FPS that won't let me focus on exploring.   Somewhat similar to fallout but less about gunplay, better graphics for higher immersion, and if possibly climbing mechanics (ie tomb raider, mirror's edge, etc.)   Thanks for any and all suggestions! 
[metroid fusion]	I've played dozens of hours in Terraria, made it to hardmode, fooled around there a bit, and I love it all.  However, my big complaint is how complicated the crafting system is.  I'm constantly searching through wiki guides just to figure out what to craft, how to craft it, what to do next, etc.    Is there a game like Terraria that's simpler?  Where I wouldn't have to constantly be consulting wikis?  I've looked into Starbound and Crea, but Starbound looks equally complex and both look inferior to Terraria.    Edit: I would also be interested in a game that has little to no crafting but just has exploration and adventure like Terraria.
[unreal tournament 2004, quake 3]	So I really like the style of the whole "Hunger Games" type of gamemode. Like a free-for-all last man standing where you have to scavenge for weapons and armour. I think it's really unique and fun. But the only games I've ever played this in is Minecraft and a really terrible Indie game, and I hate the combat in Minecraft.  I feel like this sort of game would work extremely well as a mod in other games like Garry's Mod but I haven't been able to find anything. Only thing I found was a Battle Royale mod for H1Z1 or Arma 3 and I don't have either of those and they're too expensive for just a mod.  So does anyone know of any other games or mods that have this type of gamemode? All help is appreciated!   
[heroes of the storm, league of legends, card games, get out]	Hey r/gamingsuggestions!  I've been stuck in a video game rut for a long time, I dont know what it is but I just cannot focus on playing one video game for a long time. I have a pretty good backlog of games I should play because they are amazing, I just have no desire to go back and devote hours and hours to a game.  My go to game if I want to play something is The Sims, mostly because I can pick it up where I left off every time, whether it be for 5 minutes or a few hours, it's consistently one game I can always go back to. I also love Sucker Punch games. I guess it is the open world-ness of their games or the fact that there are also collectibles along the way, those are games that I can devote a lot of time to for some reason.  I really really want to get into Diablo 3 but I usually play for a few hours on that and move onto something completely different.  Are there any other games similar to Sly Cooper or Infamous: Second Son that are available for the PS4, Wii U, or PC that I dont know about? I was thinking about starting some Lego games seeing that it sounded like something similar to these.  Inb4 "you should play Rocket League", too late, I already love that game.  Thanks for the help guys.
[heroes of might and magic, icewind dale]	Hi, Im trying to find a game that would be fun to play for a long period (sort of like Civ V) that can run on an *ok* laptop. Its a laptop with 6gb of ram and a quad core  processor and integrated graphics. Nothing to special. I have Civ V and all the big addons for it, BNW G&amp;K, and FTL. I have some others i enjoy for long periods like KSP but am looking for some more that are fun to play, and not to difficult to use with a track pad. I have $30 in my account and am considering Fallout:NV (never played it) and HackNet. I played the free, pre-steam version and really enjoyed it.  Edit: i need to pay attention to who i reply to...
[rochard]	Programmer, I sit in an office and mostly listen to game soundtracks while I work. I basically keep going back to the same set:  * Anno 2070 * World of Warcraft (that game seriously has something like 140 hours worth of music) * Human Revolution * Risk of Rain * Ori  I was hoping to find something new. There's such a massive number of games coming out all the time, many of which probably have great soundtracks, but I just don't play as many as I used to and I'm sure I'm missing a lot of great stuff. I find game music pretty good for work because it's already designed to be background music.
[metal gear solid]	When I played *Resident Evil 6*, I was extremely impressed with the vast array of options the player has in terms of moving the character around.  It probably would have even been serviceable if the game had *Resident Evil 5* tank/TPS hybrid controls.  But what makes it outstanding is the fact that you can duck, dodge, lie prone, roll, slide, jump-kick, grab, melee in different directions, coup-de-grace, counter... and QUICK SHOT, one of my favourite things (it should be *easier* not *harder* to hit enemies that are right in front of you, but in 99% of games this is not the case).  "Stylish action" games like *Bayonetta* and *Devil May Cry* come close, but those are more about varied attack types, and actual character movement is relatively limited.  Can anyone recommend me a game that has at least the degree and variation of control as *Resident Evil 6*?
[torchlight ii]	Hey GS, getting pretty desperate.   I've been looking for a game as closely as described in the title but have had zero luck. What I'm looking for is essentially Diablo 3 with local co-op, but for PC, and I'm having no luck. My setup isn't a powerhouse, quite the opposite, and I'm looking to hook up three controllers to invest some hours.  So far I've tried:   * Hammerwatch - Perfect gameplay, but a huge lack of customisation/loot and repetitive   * FORCED - Nice puzzle elements but it's not the type of game we're looking for. Crystal element takes away a lot of that RPG feel.   * Phantasy Star Online - Absolutely perfect, but emulating it is having frame rate issues and causing too much lag.   * Magicka - Slow and clunky, plus the same issues with Hammerwatch   * Mercenary Kings - Fun, but not an rpg, really.   * Castle Crasher - Completed.   * Gauntlet - Couldn't get it to run without the screen going mental.   * Legend of Dungeon - Format of the levels made it uninteresting, unfortunately.  Still, nothing close to the experience we had on Diablo 3. Is there anything close to emulating that experience?  Many thanks.
[child of light, legacy of kain, system shock, dark messiah]	Since the release (and even some time before that) of Bloodborne, I've been itching to play it. However, since I don't own a PS4, I won't be able to, so I have to look for alternatives. Can you suggest any games for PC I can play instead to fill the void in my heart that's been constantly widening with each passing day?  I'm already aware I'm not going to find a game that's a carbon copy, so you don't have to tell me that. What I like the most about Bloodborne, though is its atmosphere, so let's say it should be the main focus when choosing what game to recommend. I really like its constant dark, brutal, and pessimistic feel, From's take on Lovecraftian/Eldtrich horror, as well as the artstyle that's the epitome of the word "Gothic".  As for the gameplay part, I'm pretty flexible about it, as long as it's something resembling an Action or an Action Adventure game. What I don't want, though, is to be completely defenseless against the enemies the game throws at me, so please don't recommend games like Amnesia and the likes of it.  Here are my PC specs. It's a bit crappy, so I think I should post it so you can find game I'll actually be able to run:  * AMD Athlon X4  * 4GB RAM * AMD Radeon HD 7770 1GB * Windows 7  And before you ask - yes, I've already played Dark Souls. I'm a big fan of the game and have played it many times already.  Also, I don't mind old games as long as they aren't obsolete in terms of gameplay. I was raised playing oldschool games but I have my limits still...  I think that's all there is to say. I really hope you can help me out with this, let's be honest, tough request. Thanks in advance. 
[myth: the fallen lords]	I don't know why this game came to my mind today, but I thought about it and felt like playing it. Maybe I can find it on GoG, but I can't remember the name of the game and couldn't find anything yet.  So, it's a really old game (from the 90's if I'm not mistaken). It's an isometric fantasy/medieval game with lots of gore. You already start the map with your soldiers. You can't construct a base or train more soldiers, you need to use the ones you have to complete the map if I'm not mistaken. I remember the mood of the game really scared me when I was a kid.  I don't think it had any RPG elements, from what I remember it was a really straight foward game. You just had to use the troops you had to kill whatever enemy was on the map.  Thanks in advance!
[game of thrones, monster hunter]	Not so long ago I started playing Mass Effect. I instantly fell in love with its Space Opera-esque setting, as well as constant political struggles between factions and races. Also, when I was in the Citadel and the story revolved mostly around politics and solving a murder case, I thought to myself: "Well, maybe I was wrong about this game". And then the Reaper Nation attacked... That's when I lost interest. I'm fed up with games when I'm the hero saving the world (or galaxy, whatever). I prefer taking part in politics, reading up on lore, talking to interesting characters, and generally having a storyline on a much smaller scale.  My another problem with Mass Effect was its binary morality - you either were a saint or a sonofabitch so cruel and evil it often came out as comically grotesque. Not to mention that every decision that actually made sense given the context was usually the evil one. I want a morality system, where there's some sort of middle ground between giving the food to the starving children and gunning them all down.   Can you think of anything set in the same or similar kind of setting, but with stuff I'd like in place of stuff I didn't like? I know what you're thinking of, but before you recommend it, I've got a question: Will I be fine playing it without playing KOTOR 1 and knowing anything about its story or characters? Every answer other than something along the lines of "Yes. There's literally zero connection to the first game as far as anything other than easter eggs goes." is taken as a no.  Also, I've already played Fallout: New Vegas, so don't recommend it. I've also tried playing the older Fallouts, but honestly they're a bit too tough for someone like me - they basically throw you into the world without any instructions and expect you to not die, while basically every enemy bigger than a rat can one shot you.
[the witcher 2]	As stated in the Title i am currently looking for hard/challenging Action RPG's in the Style of Dark Souls, Skyrim, Two Worlds etc.  **Requirements**  * Exploration/Persistence should be rewarded * * For example the possibility to craft a really strong armor if you are willing to work/farm hard for it, or getting neat items and treasures through exploration  * It should not be solely skillbased * * While i do want it to be hard, i also want to have the possibility to just get a few more level ups before continuing, i dont mind a bit of grinding.  * The combat system shouldnt be too dull, at least the possibility to dodge or parry should be given.  So overall, i am looking for a hard Action RPG, in which i can sink a lot of time (Thus i don't mind if some grinding is necessary to be able to advance in the game). Recommendations are very much appreciated.  Games i have already played:  * Elder Scrolls MW, O, S * Fallout 3, NV * Borderlands 1&amp;2 * Two Worlds 1&amp;2 * Dark Souls 1&amp;2 * Shadow of Mordor * Gothic 1&amp;2 - not interested in 3 * Numen * LotR - War in the North * Darksiders 1&amp;2 * Divinity 2 * Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance * Ryse: Son of Rome * Knight of the old Republic * Jade Empire * Risen 1&amp;2 * Blades of Time * Dark Messiah of Might and Magic * Mount &amp; Blade * currently Playing Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning  I'd like suggestions like the games mentioned above, if nothing comes to mind, games in the style of Baldurs Gate, Diablo etc. are also okay (Already played fallout 2).  Thanks in advance!  **Edit:** Added some titles that i forgot to the list.
[eve online]	So let me state, character customization is my favorite things in video games. I love being able to build a character within the possibilities of the fantasy realm I live in. I love series like Elderscrolls, Fable, Neverwinter Nights, Dragon Age / Mass Effect, because I love freedom of choice, being able to personalize and truly play the role I want to play.  That being said one of my favorite class systems is the Job change system from Final Fantasy Tactics or the Fire Emblem series, going through different classes gaining traits from ones you've experienced. Does anything like this exist in a 3D form?   Let me clarify, I'm personally not looking for a Tactic RTS game, more wondering if something like Fable (The original, anyway), exists with an extensive class system, or skill selection.  Or if maybe there's a system similar to those listed above I have missed, or over looked. Two Worlds satisfied this for a bit. I've played the second Witcher, which was enjoyable, so felt like it lacked freedom, being confined to Geralt. I worry that Witcher 3 would have the same feeling, even though I hear it's a fantastic game. I'm looking for immersion and roleplay. 
[anno 1404: venice]	Hey there everyone! I am currently in a rut with gaming right now.  Been playing Smite, Skyrim, Game Dev Tycoon etc. sooooo much lately that I am itching for a new game that is more of something along the lines of a city builder, game based around trading, or even a non-actiony RPG game (kind of like a game of just going around and doing life things).  I am on a limited budget so I am hoping for something free or a very cheap game though if the game you think is good enough, I can save up my money for it. Looking for mostly PC but PS4 is also a go.  Thanks for reading and commenting!
[ffx]	I love PoE, really, I do, but it bugs the *hell* out of me that I can't completely fill out the skill tree - I don't care how much grinding it would take, I would play that game every spare minute possible if I could do that.  I'm playing a lot of The Secret World, and all filled out/in endgame gear for now, so I'd like something a bit different. I've also been getting into Skyforge lately, but that has a weekly cap, so there's only so much I can play per week.  The best things I can think of are a bunch of old Final Fantasy games, so I'll look into Emulators to replay them all. (I *loved* the crystarium system in FF XIII, as ashamed as I am to admit it, and the job system of 5, or the sphere grid, etc. All made my inner completionist weep with joy.)  Are there any other games with a job system/skill tree that I can start to max out?
[metro 2033]	I hate to be vague, but at this point I don't know what to play, I just need a game. I've played (long list ahead, skip to next paragraph if you don't want to read it) Deus Ex: HR, Dark Souls series, Bioshock/Infinite, Dungeon Defenders, Fallout 3/NV (vanilla and modded), Skyrim (Vanilla and modded), Xcom (considering Long War), all of Half Life, League of Legends, Dota 2, Diablo 3, Starcraft 2, Hearthstone, Borderlands Series, Arma: Day Z, Bastion, Transistor, Prison Architect, Tomb Raider, Natural Selection, Portal series, Payday Series, Dirty Bomb, Mass Effect series, Team fortress 2, Battlefield games, Batman Series, Legend of Grimrock, Antichamber, Hammerwatch, Planetary Annihilation, Banished, The Stanley Parable, Red Faction: Armageddon, Terraria, Minecraft (and many modpacks), Saints Row 3/4, Project Zomboid, Witcher 2/3 and other games.  tldr; I've played a lot of games, but I've enjoyed so many different types that I don't know what type to play next, let alone what titles are available.  (Recent games include Arkham Knight, Dark Souls, and Dirty Bomb.)  Open to questions. Any suggestions, ideas or tips are appreciated.
[legend of grimrock, darkest dungeon, borderlands 2, arx fatalis]	Hi there! So, I'm a world of craft and diablo player for a long time, I'm looking for a game that blends certain elements of these two games together....  I love the dungeon crawler games like Diablo where story is minimal, it's just about getting better and better loot... Only issue is, I absolutely can not stand the camera angle of these kind of games. :(  Now let's look at World of Warcraft, it's that loot collecting game I love once you get to max level and start raiding, and I love the open world style and camera angle. Only issue is, it's a group based game... :( So I don't really have the time to do these raids... if WoW was a single player game where you went through and soloed the raids yourself, it would be the PERFECT GAME.   So, what i'm looking for is an dungeon crawler / loot game like diablo, with a camera angle like WoW or Elder Scrolls, that can be played Single Player.   Quick note before someone suggests it, I've played all of the borderlands games, loved them like hell but 1. Wish it was fantasy... 2. Wish there was more loot than just guns and shields... I won't say no, but it would be nice to have the full deal [Chest Armor, Leg Armor, Helmets, Jewelry, Weapons, ect].
[dying light]	so I recently moved over to the PC side of gaming and am looking for something to keep me going for about 6 - 8 weeks.  I really fancy a Zombie based horror/survival game but have had issues with early access in the past so want to try and avoid them.  that leaves me with a narrowed list of the above 2 games (plus maybe dead rising 3) but I jus t cant decide which to go for...  if you could leave a your suggestions and a bit of reasoning why that would be really helpful!  many thanks in advance  Goose The  Team 
[jagged alliance 2]	I'm stuck housesitting for my parents for the month to come, and didn't bring my laptop. They've got a quite old computer, a 2Ghz single core 2GB ram with some back-then-midrange GPU, running Windows XP.  Any suggestions on games I could play on it? Note that DOS games work poorly/not at all, even in compability mode (the mouse lags to hell, and DOSBox doesn't display properly for some reason).   In particular, I'm looking for turn-based tactics or strategy games, but know that those weren't very popular during that era. Any suggestions?  Currently playing some Starcraft and it's working okay but would be nice to have something else in the month to come, as I've played far too much starcraft in my days already. EDIT: Also realized Age of Wonders 1 and HoM&amp;M 3 will probably run fine. Those two can probably keep me occupied for some time. But still, more suggestions would be welcome - perhaps I can even test something that I couldn't back in the day due to the lack of fast internet.
[enslaved: odyssey to the west]	I recently finished Witcher 3 and was blown away.  Tried Black Desert after that because its another visually amazing RPG, but the servers are across the globe from me and it's only sorta half kinda in english.  I've played most games, but just recently upgraded to a 980 Ti because work has been great to me. I wanna keep playing great games with Stunning visuals. And I know want to wait for all the amazing games scheduled for this fall.  I'm normally and RPG guy, but I can branch out if you convince me. Let's all just talk about games.
[darkest dungeon]	I've been playing a lot of Fallout Shelter, and while it's fun it does have its flaws. I'm really looking for something that lets you draft a team from a large pool of randomized characters, a team that you can customize and edit and set about various tasks. Like X-Com, but I've already played X-Com to absolute DEATH and I'm also not looking for something that's as combat-heavy. Base building features would be a plus but not totally necessary. Would also be cool if this hypothetical team could be referred to as a "crew," perhaps even a "pirate crew," or maybe even--dare i say it?--a "space pirate crew," but this aspect is not totally necessary, either  In other words, I'm looking for a sports game, but without the sports  I really want a lot of customizability and personality. I love playing these games with my buddies and coming into work, like, "Oh I got this one guy last night, his name is Butthole McGee and his Strength stat is insane, he like did ten backflips it was so great" and they're like "That's nothing I have Clownface Jones and he can run very fast, last night he ran very fast for a very long time and all my fake game people were impressed"  Hopefully you get the idea
[legend of grimrock, final fantasy iii, etrian odyssey, nintendo ds]	So let me say, I love games where I can customize my entire party, however I enjoy being able to pick my party members to my play style, and even better if I can raise them and grow their progress how I want. The two prime examples I have of this are Final Fantasy Tactics Advance and Pokemon, both which you find character archetypes, with different stats, skills and abilities. There's usually very little forced onto you as to who to play with or use, or for that matter how you build them. The last game for PC I recall playing that would be similar to this would be the old Temple of Elemental Evil. Being able to fully create my party before entering the temple, I really want the feel of multiple character micromanagement, growing bonds for the custom characters I've made, much like the Fire Emblem series.  Does anything newer like this exist?  I must say, I also thoroughly enjoyed Neverwinter Nights/2, however I'm looking for nonspecific, nonpredefined characters, or at least if they are pre-defined, characters which start with little to no pre-existing class archetype so I can build them how I want. Or perhaps the option to recruit someone better.
[baldur's gate]	Looking for a game that basically focuses on plot, choices and characterisation. Would be good if the gameplay is interesting as well; Planescape was almost a love-hate relationship for me at times. Couldn't get used to the horrible pathfinding. I liked the text-based style of Planescape Torment since it means that the game is able to pack much more info and dialogue into the game.  I've heard of Pillars of Eternity, and I'm planning to get that in the future. Any other game that's similar to Planescape Torment?
[full auto, bots]	(x-post from Games since it fits better here)  I used to play a lot of Call of Duty/Halo/other dudebro shootlots on consoles, but ever since I switched to PC gaming several years ago, I haven't really bothered with the online FPS scene since my mouse aim was pretty bad. I've just been playing single player games with a controller mainly, but I wouldn't mind getting back into something more high octane and social.  I can't really justify anything higher than, let's say $25 or so. What decent FPS is going to frustrate me the least? I have ARMA III and Insurgency (not installed yet) but I don't think it's going to be one of those. 
[king arthur - the role-playing wargame, this game, total war]	So I'm looking for games that use the total-war style of battles.   I've seen plenty of games start with Total War and remove the battles (Oriental Empires for an upcoming example), but I've never come across anything that focuses on the battles.   On the other side, I don't want something like AoE where I need to  gather resources, build a base, recruit units and so on. I want to start with all, or a majority, of my units on the field. The game should be focused on formations and battlefield tactics, not base building and resource control.   So are there any games between the two extremes, outside of tabletop war games? 
[need for speed, mortal kombat, rocket league, racing games, out there, fifa]	I know it's a weirdly specific thing that i'm looking for. I play games on my pc using xbox controller exclusively. Lately i've been playing borderlands a lot. And i really want to try multiplayer (not just borderlands, but any game really) for the first time.  I'm well aware that people hate the so called noobs. And since i play using a gamepad, not a keyboard + mouse combo, i would be the kind of noobs, because it's obviously easier to aim using a mouse.  So i was wondering, are there any groups or even do people like me ( who choose to play fps on a pc using a gamepad) exist? Alternatively, are there any games that make playing gamepad vs keyboard more balanced? Or should i just stick to single player or start using keyboard and a mouse if i want to play multiplayer?  Thanks in advance! cheers
[factorio]	I'm not really sure what this kind of game is called or what it is... Whenever I play an RPG I always spend a massive amount of time in the menus trying to think up every scenario so I can build the right party or equip the right weapons. I spend a whole lot more time if there is an automating system, like FFXII's gambit or Tales of Xillia's auto items, links, etc...  Is there any game that revolves around that? The closest I can think of are fantasy sports games (not into sports) or Idle games (playing them, but insanely easy). Maybe if there were a difficult Idle game or a fantasy sports that had no sports...?
[be good]	I'm looking for a decent chair for PC gaming. The price range I'm looking for is in the $200-dollar range (lower is of course welcome, and I can go a little over if needed). I'd prefer something that comes in either all black, or black and red.    Here are some ones I'm considering:   - Arozzi Enzo   - Arozzi Mugello   - Merax Racing   - Flash Furniture CH-CX0248H01-VEN-GG   - Flash Furniture CH-CX0326H02-GG   - DX Racer FD01 (a little outside my price range, but I might consider if it's really that much better than the others)    Does anybody have any experience with these or other recommendations? The Arozzi and Merax both seem like really good deals for the price, but I'm not really familiar with either company.    Note: I'm 5'8" and 150lb, so one of the heavy duty chairs that can support a giant man is unnecessary lol 
[persona 4, suikoden]	I would like to pick up something I can play where I don't need to worry about missing out on events or items in the first play-through. I also would prefer to not micromanage stat growth.  An example of this is Final Fantasy X which seems to not let you miss out on anything super important. Where everything can be collected whenever you take the time to seek it out. And even if you do have stats you don't have to engineer or micromanage at every step into late game in order to get a max stat build. Also Kingdom Hearts 1 if I remember correctly was pretty close to this minus MP management.  A **counter-example** is the Fire Emblem series, FF Tactics Grimoire, or Breath of Fire where I have to play through it a few times before I truly get everything and I have to plan character growth for the most part. (Still love these games BTW).
[star trek online, mass effect 3]	I'm trying to get my wife into gaming. She loves platformers. I'm slowly branching her into RPG's.  We've played Diablo 3 together, which she's fine with, but I'm looking for a game she'll enjoy enough to take up on her own, when I'm at work.  Her favorite show in the world is Star Trek: Voyager, so I'm looking for something that fits into that general space genre.  I'm a little worried about picking something with too many mechanics (say, Sins of  Solar Empire). Personally, I enjoy fantasy more than sci-fi, so I'm not as familiar with the games in these genres.  So here are some things I think would work well . . .  * Sci-fi, space setting, hopefully with various alien races and exploration aspects * Character creation options * Relatively straight-forward control scheme * Not overly focused on violence * Strong storytelling  I just gave her my copy of Mass Effect. She told me it's fun, but she's working on getting the double-axis controls on my 360 down.  I have a decent PC, a 360, and a Wii. I would consider buying another system for a really good recommendation.  Age of the game doesn't matter, as she hasn't really played a game since Donkey Kong.  Thanks!
[dwarf fortress]	I would really like a persistent town/empire building game set in a high fantasy type world. Bonus points if it has a final fantasy-esque aesthetic and combat is an option but not the SOLE focus. I don't want a 4x games like civilization but a game like Age of Empires II or Settlers where you have to build houses for people to live, layout a town, protect it, and gather resources. I would like it to be persistent though, not mission based but I don't want it to be a freemium game where it has store purchases. Does this game exist?
[dota 2]	Hey everyone, first time posting here.  So I'm a large fan of playing stealthy characters in games, getting inside my opponents head, infiltrating the enemy team, etc.  I played the Spy in Team Fortress 2 for a very long time and while I love the game to death but I'm looking for some more variety. For those who aren't familiar with TF2's spy, he is an average speed, low mobility, low health class, who doesn't have many consistent long range fighting options. He has a watch that allows his to go invisible for a period of time, can disguise himself as a member of the enemy team, and can instantly kill an enemy with a melee attack to the back. He can also disable and destroy the Engineers buildings with a sapper.  Are there any other competitive games that have a similar role? I'm on PC and don't own any consoles. Thanks for taking the time to read this.
[mass effect]	My girlfriend and I will be buying a gaming PC soon. We really enjoyed DA:I on the Xbox 360, and a lot of the games I have found through my own searching have underwhelmed me. Here are some things that I like in a game: - The game is a medium to tell a story (instead of a story serves to further a game) - The game has memorable characters that interact with each other - The game allows you to make decisions and reflect on those decisions - The game requires some tactics, but not too much - Customizing characters is a plus I realize that I am asking about upcoming games, so it is hard to judge, therefore feel free to make educated guesses.
[crypt of the necrodancer]	Recently played these games:  - Long Live The Queen (8/10) Strangely addictive game   - Braid (5/10) Interesting gameplay but found it boring   - Super Meat Boy (7/10) This game is insanely hard but couldn't stop laughing!   - Rochard (7/10) Interesting gameplay   - Papers Please (9/10) Interesting story and gameplay, pretty unique I would say   - Thomas Was Alone (6/10) Nice story but too easy and too short - Brothers: Tale of Two Sons (7/10) Interesting gameplay but too easy and too short, great graphics  I really like games like Papers Please and Long Live The Queen.  What should I play next? Thanks!
[alien isolation, rocket league, rocket league]	tl;dr - I want some games which are constantly in action and be able to properly utilize a tri-sli 980ti 4k rig.   Hello,   First of all, this may seem like an unusual request for a gaming suggestion as it is less about what I personally want, and more about what majority of people would like.   Let's start with a bit of context. My team will be holding a small booth in an upcoming PC convention. These conventions usually revolves around selling PC hardware and occasional softwares at discounted prices. However, our main goal this time around is to be focusing on strengthening our brand as a gaming-centric PC retailer with some of the latest and greatest PC hardware in town. This would naturally mean we need flashy games to attract potential gamers.   We do have a few rigs prepared in around the booth but our main show would have the following specification:  i7 5960x  16GB RAM  480GB SSD  GTX 980TI x3 (SLI)  4k Monitor with G-sync (Acer XB280HK)   The rig will mainly be a demo unit which our audience can play with for a limited amount of time (15-30 mins). Occasionally my team might take over and maybe show off some technical stuffs like overclocking, GPU monitoring, graphics tweaking, G-sync and etc.   Now, the following are the criteria in that order within the games I need:  - Supports 4k either officially or with manual modding/tweaking  - Relatively new/recent with **taxing requirements** to utilize the Tri-SLI  - Fast paced gameplay in general and packed with crazy action/effects  - Zero to minimal story sequences to reduce "down-time"  - Easy to pick up and play with; Low learning curve   As a frequent gamer myself, I thought about games like Devil May Cry 4 Special edition, but the game barely needs one high end card. I also thought about games like Street Fighter 4 and Mortal Kombat X, but the amount of learning-curve needed in those games cannot guarantee us "spectacle". There are also games like GTAV and Witcher 3, although open-world but these are games that I consider having too much potential "down-time" which the action doesn't come to you if you don't go look for them.   So yeah, I hope I came to the right reddit to do this and if not, please let me know and I shall try it elsewhere. Thank you!   EDIT: Formatting, duh!
[dreamfall chapters]	So, recently I started playing Life is Strange and it easily became one of my favourite story-heavy, pseudo-adventure games of all time. However, I bought the game at a pretty bad time, since today I'll be done with the 4 episodes that are out already, and then I'll have to wait an undetermined amount of time for the final episode to come out and the story to finally reach its end. Can you recommend something for PC that's similar to occupy myself till the fifth episode comes out? Here's what I'm looking for:  * Dark, depressing, emotional story. Preferably something relatable to boot. Nothing pretentious, though. (look below for a list of examples) * Lots of dialogues. * Believable, well-written characters with lots of personality. * Relatively easy and, what's more important, **logical** puzzles. I'm terrible at solving puzzles in general, so I'll just get frustrated and annoyed if the game is an example of "moon logic" (or "LucasArts logic", if you will) in terms of puzzle design.  * Not a horror game. I'm simply scared of this genre and don't really feel like playing something that could potentially make me have a heart attack. I don't mind (and even somewhat welcome) dark atmosphere, gore, violence, nudity, sexuality, "shocking" moments, breaking taboos, or some brief horror-esque sections. I just don't want the game that focuses on scaring me in its entirety. * [OPTIONAL] Moral choices. I know that not every game has that, therefore it's optional, but I'd very much prefer a game where I have some degree of control over the story. I'm only accepting games with gray morality, though - I hate games with binary, "black &amp; white" morality, where the only choice I have is whether to be a saint or a total dick.  As for the gameplay part, it doesn't need to have this Telltale-like formula - it can be a regular point n' click adventure game, or an action adventure game, or whatever else, as long as it meets the criteria.  And here are the promised examples.   Popular games praised for their story/writing that I also consider very good:  * The Walking Dead * Life is Strange (duh) * Silent Hill 2 * Fallout series (save for Fallout 3) * The Witcher  Popular games praised for their writing/story that I don't consider good and/or consider them pretentious:  * The Last of Us * Bioshock Infinite * Gone Home * The Cat Lady * Mass Effect * Dragon Age  My PC specs:  * AMD Athlon II X4  * 4GB RAM * AMD Radeon HD7700 1GB * Win7  Thanks in advance for helping me out.  **EDIT: Very important detail I forgot about - if you're going to suggest any sort of episodic game, suggest it only if all of the episodes are already released. I don't want to fall into an infinite loop of "looking for something to play till another episode of X comes out".**
[torchlight 2, diablo 3]	Hello /r/gamingsuggestions  I hope this is the right spot! I am looking for some suggestions. My best friend and I are gamers (him more so than I), but we never seem to have time to meet up. So we are trying to find an online game we can play together.  The problem is that the only game he is currently playing is LoL, sometimes DOTA, and honestly those games don't do anything for me.  He plays all types of games (except sports games), but since I am pickier, he tasked me with finding something we could do together.  So I'm hoping you guys might have some cool games I could check out. I know I've played Rohan before, but beyond that most of my gaming is console. A few things: I suck at FPS, and tend to be drawn more to RPG. I know that leaves a broad spectrum, but I really don't know where to look.  I'm willing to give anything a try at least, and go from there (other than straight FPS, I really suck at them). The only thing I would like is something that is solely co-op or can be co-op. I'd rather play with him than against him (he'd beat me every time, and that would get old quick).  If you have any questions to help identify a genre, please ask. It's been years since I have had time to dedicate to gaming, so much so that I have to consider myself a retro gamer at this point. I'd really love to catch up on some of the stuff I missed and get back into it as a way to relax from working and/or college.  Thanks everyone! 
[the binding of isaac: rebirth]	The thing is:  There's this non-gamer girl who said she like games but totally lacks coordination to play them... I was thinking about playing Castle Crashers or BattleBlock Theater (because of the humour involved, we may laugh a lot) with her. (She's coming over tomorrow)  So, for someone who likes comics, super heroes movies/series, fantasy books (she loves hp, asoiaf and liked the Warcraft stories I told her), etc. Likes games, but doesn't have much coordination...  What games that are "coordination friendly" do you suggest?  Thanks for the help and have a nice day!
[running with rifles, crusader kings 2, minecraft]	So, I watched [this](https:// video about a skyrim mod that basically allows you to play with other players. Every player can go around the world, complete quests on their own and so on. Is there any game that has such a coop/multiplayer component? The closest I've got to this is coop Icewind Dale, which isn't very close.  Basically, a huge RPG (doesn't have to be linear, maybe even a sandbox), with quests, NPCs and so on in which there can be multiple players. The world/NPCs/Quests react appropriately to the existence of more than one player. Possibilty to go for PvP or coop , or even play as rivals in the questline/storyline. Preferably a game that doesn't have a MMORPG-like formula.
[final fantasy, dark souls]	Hi,  I'm looking for a game that's (maybe) like Divinity: Original Sin or Pillars of Eternity, but not quite. I've had D:OS for a while, but I don't enjoy it. I don't find the story to be the slightest bit interesting, it's slow, the animations are nice but take way too long and it gets annoying, but what I dislike most is that often I find the available dialogue options very limiting.   What I'm looking for is the same deep character development with lots of classes/skills, and maybe even some crafting. I tried Pillars of Eternity when it came out, but I found it to be a little overwhelming - there were a lot of options, and there didn't seem to be obvious choices in terms of what's best to pick (which I guess can be nice, but also confusing). My problem with this game is I ran into really powerful enemies, and after some goolging it turns out the game is specifically built so that you can't always beat everything you encounter, which I don't really enjoy. I found the fights quite hard anyway, and saving and loading frequently really ruins it for me.   The other day I was having a look at the classic RPG bundle over on GOG, but I think most games will be similar to PoE. Am I mistaken? I also think I would enjoy a turn-based approach more than pausing every couple of seconds. Is there a game for me?  Also, would it be worth it to give PoE another try now that patches are out and more resources are available online?  Some titles that I've already played include:    * Skyrim   * Diablo 3, Path of Exile   * Witcher  I don't like post-apocalyptic settings like in Fallout, and I'm not even considering something like Dark Souls. I'm also currently looking at Shadowrun, and while the story seems nice, it doesn't seem to have the depth I'm looking for.  Thanks for any suggestion/advice.
[fallout new vegas, titan quest, diablo 3]	I just finished my first playthrough of Bloodborne and although I thoroughly enjoyed it, it took me forever to reach the end since I don't have a lot of free time to play. Now, I want a change of pace before I jump into my next big RPG and/or horror title.  I was looking for **single-player** games that I can play on my lowend laptop ( single core, Intel graphics, 2gb ram) that's a little more mindless, lighthearted and/or relaxing and I can get in and out of quickly because my play sessions rarely get past 60 minutes. I tend to **NOT** enjoy puzzle games or rogue-likes. Thought I'd try here before r/lowendgaming.   Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated!
[card game, yomi]	I liked a lot of the Yugioh games on GBA and Pokemon TCG on GB. It doesn't have to have a full-fledged campaign, but at least have decent bots or some mode I can play myself to cool down.   Have access to PC/3DS/Vita/Android. Probably the 4th or 5th time I've installed/uninstalled Hearthstone on this computer. Prefer Eastern art style but I am open to any good games. Anyway, thanks for your time.  Edit: Card Games I can remember playing and liking:   Yugioh Duel Academy (Favorite), Pokemon TCG, Monster Monpiece, Yomi (Steam), Mega Man Battle Network series, 100% Orange Juice.
[skyforge]	I'm finding that my current gaming preferences are leaning towards mmo games that have a large number of skills/attributes that progress as you use them. I am not really familiar with the selection in this genre though, so suggestions are quite welcome.  If Skyrim were an mmo, that would work out beautifully.  Games like RPG MO and Runescape have the relatively mindless grinding down pat, but when I can pay attention I would like to have more engagement with the game than click and wait. Even tab target combat like WoW is enough, since it has ability buttons I can use.  The mmo bit is important, because I like to drag my friends into games with me where we can all show off the random crap we made or found.
[diablo 3, osiris]	My GF is a huge Minecraft fan but doesn't really play anything else. One day I persuaded her to try something different so I stuck WITN in my 360 and taught her how to play. It was her first time using a console. We've now beaten the game 3 times, including on the hardest difficulty! We want to speedrun it one day, but for now we haven't really got anything else to play.     I'm considering showing her Halo Reach as it's all I really have left to offer besides racing games.  What is out there, either for 360, PC, or even PS2, that are some good action/adventure co-op games? Some form of RPG would be preferred. 
[the walking dead, life is strange]	I've played The Walking Dead. Last of Us isn't a PC title, but it's also great. I just want a game that makes me feel something. Crippling sadness is great, but any emotion will do. Basically I'm not looking for a shoot em up type game. Although Spec Ops The Line was great.  In order of importance  1) Characters that are lovable. Maybe not the right word. I want to be invested in what happens to them. I want to care if they are okay or not. I want to feel attached to these characters. Last of Us is a great example of this.  2) Emotion. I want the experience to invoke emotions at least once in the game, but ideally multiple times. I understand everyone experiences things differently though.  3) Story. Still very important, but if the game you're thinking of doesn't have a top notch story, but does have likable and interesting characters that make you feel in relation to them then I still want to play that game.
[the vanishing of ethan carter, the stanley parable, ether one, gone home]	What I'm looking for is a game with no story (a little bit is fine I guess), one that's main attraction is open-world exploration of a beautiful world. I'm looking for a game where you don't fight, die, are scared; I'm looking for one where you feel calm and just take back the beautiful scenery. I would prefer this to be in a forest/nature setting, although I'll likely be fine with most settings.  Some examples of what I'm looking for are: -Firewatch -Dear Esther -Everybody's gone to the rapture (damn- PS4 only)  Oh, and it has to be available for PC.  Thanks! :)
[prison architect, tropico]	Not necessarily evil, I guess, but morally blurred. Stuff like making a profit off of suffering (it's a *thrill* to be bad), or things like, if there were one, an SCP-style management sim - controlling all the SCPs in a facility or whatever. You get the drift. Dictator-esque, or morally ambiguous CEO style.  Needs to have a modern setting - no Overlord or anything like that (and that's about being blatantly evil... I'm looking for something where it's more nuanced, or you have the choice, to be evil, rather than it being your MO).  PC only please.
[sanctum 2]	I am looking to find a game that meets certain criteria that appears to be unusual based on what I have run across.  I will rank them top to bottom for importance, and hope for the best.  I am looking for a PC Coop game.  I keep looking through steam blindly getting nowhere it feels.  I am looking for a replacement for Left 4 Dead 1/2 (just shy of 1200 hours between the two games, time for something new).  1) Simple Controls - Think no more complex than Saints Row.  WASD, Mouse, 2-4 extra buttons.    2) Ability for all players to feel like they contribute - In Left 4 Dead 2/1 if a player was doing all the work killing the specials and got tagged with a hunter they needed another player there to help.  In Saints Row, one player can do all the work and the game doesn't even blink.  3) First Person/Immersive - Not specifically a FPS Zombie game, but no 3rd person, not top down, something that you can get into  4) The concept of pacing/user interaction - So, you run through killing all the mooks like it aint nothing.  Then boom, tank.  Now you have to be careful, plan what to do, make sure you got room to move, maybe run half a map back to get that, etc.  That is a good thing/the kind of thing im looking for.  5) Reasonably balanced Coop/Bots experience - Clearing campaigns in L4D2 on advanced with myself, one other person, and 2 bots.  If you have played it, you know how stupid they can get.  While stupid, the AI isn't a complete dirtbag, and you can win.  Depth as sharks vs AI divers, if you play above an easy difficulty, the AI's aim makes it pretty near impossible to win due to how they play.  Ideally this game needs item 4 to have the replay value that is desired.  If there needs to be clarification please ask.  
[suicide mission, mass effect 2]	I want to build a team. You know, make my own party/squad/team. As a kid I loved assembling a team in pokemon and in madden (though I'm not a sports fan) and watching them progress. Looking for a strategy game, since it's my favorite genre. Nothing too graphically intensive please.   No hex-based games either, though they're fun (S/O to Civ 5 and Xcom), it's not what I'm looking for.  Examples of what I do like/ would fit the bill is:  * Pokemon * Game Dev Tycoon * Rebuild Series * Madden/Football manager (not a huge fan of sports). * Heck, even to an extent the Sims.
[portal 2]	Hello everyone, I'll try to make this not too long for you.   So me and my girlfriend have almost been dating for 9 months now, and I myself am a HUGE fan of videogames. But her,on the other hand doesn't really like to play them that much. It's not that she **hates** them it's more that she just hasn't found a game that's right for her, and I myself have troubles finding games that she'll like too. So far her favorite game that she actually enjoys enough to play on her own when I'm not around is Torchlight II, if you ever heard of it it's essentially a cartoony version of diablo. She also really likes We love Katamari, that groovy game where you roll up stuff.   So the pattern that I'm seeing here is that she really enjoys games with cartoony, cute, and lovable art styles / casual style games. They don't need to be so casual that a 2year old can play it, but just the aesthetic needs to be *cute* is what I guess I'm saying.  *I* on the other hand prefer games that have grotesque amounts of gore and violence, but I do love to sit back and *roll up* a giant ball in katamari every once in a while. My main goal here is to find a game thats cute enough for her to play it and fun enough for me to be able to play it with her. I would highly prefer the game to be co-opertive 2player for the Xbox360 console. I have a gaming PC and a PS2 also, but I prefer to play 360 games with her because I guess it's easier just to chill on a bed and play it with her.   Please, if there are any girls here reading this what are some games that you guys like to play that look cute and fun as well as they allow you to play with someone else while you're playing also. If anyone at all know's of any sort of game or games that you can think of that sound like this **please let me know** !  **TLDR:** *Looking for a casual atleast mildly cartoonesque style game that both me and my girlfriend can play and enjoy coopertively, as well as she can play it on her own whenever she wants to. EX: We Love Katamari, Torchlight II, both are atleast slightly cartoony, and can be played coopertive* **But PLEASE only mention games that are playable on the xbox360 or PC (pref360)**
[independence war]	So I am stuck between Elite Dangerous, Evochron Mercenary, and Battle for Sol.   My favorite space sim is Xwing vs Tie fighter so I want a game that is like that, where you fight as a fighter but also I want to be able to pilot bigger ships too. Most important is a really cool cockpit full of many different options to control my ship, like shield strength and location, firing rate, energy management, sensors, computer, etc. 1st person view is essential and 3rd person view I don't care much.  I want action/good combat and ship controls /options over trading and economics. I don't want it to be an MMO, I like single player, but if it has a good single player experience while still being an mmo that is fine too. Also a good story would be nice.  Exploration is cool too but that comes second to the combat.  Price is a factor also, I don't want to spend the 45 dollars for ED, and the only reason Battle for Sol is on the list is because it is the cheapest and Evo. Merc. is in the middle. So which is the best choice? Or is there a better game?  I don't want Eve.
[battalion wars, gamecube]	Something like executive Assault. It's probably my very specific wishes, but what I love about this new game "Executive Assault" is that you can actually walk around in the base you created yourself, and that's what I miss in all the WWII FPS/RTS hybrids that people recommend me. I do thank them for the recommendations, don't get me wrong, but it's kinda not really what I'm looking for.  Imagine, Supreme Commander-ish, HUGE bases, and you can walk in and through almost everything and everywhere, or maybe even fly around it.  But, if that doesn't really exist, I'd also love to see a city-builder game that you can walk around in. Cities skylines-esque or banished-esque, but of course with the walking around part, and if it's possible, with interactivity, not just a static city that you built.
[path of exile, portal 2, payday 2]	We're looking to find games we can play together as we are living in different cities. I'm currently searching right now, but figured if any kind folks wanted to lend a hand, the more the merrier!  No really preferences as to genre, would prefer fun games, don't need to be newer or anything, classics would work just fine, maybe  there are some limits to SO's computer, it's a laptop not really meant for gaming.  Compaq Presario F761US Notebook PC  http://  processor:  GHz AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual-Core Processor TK-57  memory: 1024 MB  video: NVIDIA GeForce 7000M  hard drive: 160 GB  display: " WXGA High-Definition BrightView Widescreen (1280 x 800)  That's our limiting factor, as I have a desktop that can handle most anything around at the moment.  Thanks so much for any help or suggestions!
[divinity: original sin]	My roommate and I are looking to start playing a game together, something we can sink a lot of time into and really invest in. We're open to really any suggestions, we both have pretty capable PCs for most games but also have an Xbox 360 and a wii u.   We were kind of inspired by looking back at how invested we had been in games like runescape as a kid, where we felt totally connected with our characters and played for hours and hours because there was so much more to accomplish. So I guess we're also looking for something where you can't peak out relatively quickly.  Also note: doesn't really need to be co op but we prefer something where we could work together. So we'd be open to an MMO or something
[rayman legends]	I like the genre, and some of the early games in the genre are really good.  I wonder if there are more games than the ones I played or know about.  So, the ones I remember now:  Prince of Persia series (at least until sands of time... later games seemly decided to shift into hack'n'slash genre).  Out of this World (Another World)  Oddworld series  Heart of Darkness  Flashback  Mirror's Edge  Assassins Creed... sort of (it has heavy platforming elements but the series is seemly more and more focused into hack'n'slash too)  Portal series   Any other games to remember? Specially 2D ones? Maybe there are new 2D cinematic platformers that I never heard about?
[mass effect, deus ex]	Challenge for the group here is: I'm a VERY picker gamer, I'm noticing. I'm 37 yrs old maybe that's why I got less patience for entertainment I don't love than I used to.  My platforms: PC, Nintendo Wii What I like: 3rd person, open world, action/adventure Favorite games of the past few years: Assasins Creed series, Witcher 2 &amp; 3, Shadow of Mordor, Dishonored  Popular games I tried to play and couldn't get into: Grand Theft Auto 5, Fallout 3, Dark Souls 2  Things I don't like (here's where it gets tough): Guns. Just anything with lots of guns. I just find the mechanic kind of boring and repetitive, and it just reminds me IRL gun violence- sorry I know that is really lame but I can't help it. That goes double for war games like Call of Duty, to "real" to be fun, in my head that would be like playing a Hurrican Katrina sim.  First-person. I get disoriented too easily, it's not comfortable. Dishonored was an exception because that game was just so brilliant I manged to get through it.  Multiplayer/online. Just not interested.  Very hard difficulty. It's supposed to be a game, not work. I play Witcher 3 on hardest difficulty so I like a challenge but not Dark Souls level that is too much.  And I got a relatively new graphics card so I'd prefer newer games.  So any recommendations?
[dwarf fortress]	I want to play a game like Gnomoria, or Towns. A city builder when you micromanage what each villager is doing... I don't own towns, but do own Gnomoria, and absolutely love it, but I am getting a little tired of it now. I would like to hear suggestions for similar games, as I can't seem to find any (There's not really a specific genre of this type of game, and if I look for city builders I just get Cities Skylines etc). Also, if any of you own towns, is it any good? I know it was a huge disappointment in comparison to what the devs promised, but ignoring that - is it worth buying?
[war for the overworld, plague inc: evolved, this war of mine, this war of mine, dead in bermuda, dungeon keeper, democracy 3, big pharma]	Hello!  I was browsing Steam today and saw a game that caught my eye: Dead in Burmuda.  It's a management game with the goal of keeping a group of people alive.  This is a concept I haven't previously encountered, and it got me wondering if there are other less-traditional games in the genre.  Could anyone recommend something?  I love management games in general, but I'm getting bored with what's currently in my collection ( Banished, Roller Coaster Tycoon, Prison Architect, Tropico 4, Civ 5).  I've got a PS3, PS4, and a PC, though I greatly prefer PC gaming for this genre.  Ideally, the game should have some depth and replayability.  It would be a bonus if the game was released some time ago, and has been thoroughly patched/reviewed.  I'm not looking for a game about waging war, building cities, or growing businesses.  Also, I'm not a fan of the Japanese, anime-style drawing (whatever it's called), but this isn't an insurmountable challenge for me and I'd be willing to try something in that style if there's a great game I'd otherwise miss out on.  Thanks for your time and help!  Edit: Specs aren't an issue.  New-ish computer, good video card, lots of space on my HDD.  I'm running Windows  and stubbornly refusing to update to Windows 10.  I'd like to be able to play with a mouse/keyboard only--no controller.
[romance of the three kingdoms, legend of kay anniversary, samurai warriors 4-ii, dynasty warriors 8, toukiden: kiwami, monster hunter, jade empire, oni]	I think I'm finally resigned to the fact that I will likely never see a sequel to Bioware's [Jade Empire](https://, one of my all time favorite games.  I've been meaning to dedicate myself to a replay of the game, but it just doesn't quite feel like the time yet, so I'm looking for a game to scratch that itch in the interim.  I tried both the MMOs, Age of Wushu and Swordsman, but both were so obtuse as to be largely unenjoyable to me.  So, basically, what I'm looking for is a game, on the more recent side, with a Chinese (or "Eastern") setting, preferably with mythical/Wuxia elements.  As for gameplay, an Action/RPG would be ideal, but I am open to any derivations thereof.  Can anyone give some input?  Thanks in advance!  Platforms: Xbox One, Wii U, 3DS, PC (but it's laptop that would have been respectable three years ago).
[war of the vikings, friendly fire, metal planet, this game, this game, this game, kung-fu, play!]	So I am getting my first game-capable PC in about 10 years, with the following specs: [PCPartPicker part list](http:// / [Price breakdown by merchant](http://  Type|Item|Price :----|:----|:---- **CPU** | [AMD FX-6300  6-Core Processor](http:// | $ @ Amazon  **Motherboard** | [ASRock 970M PRO3 Micro ATX AM3+/AM3 Motherboard](http:// | $ @ Newegg  **Memory** | [Mushkin ECO2 8GB (1 x 8GB) DDR3-1600 Memory](http:// | $ @ Newegg  **Storage** | [Sandisk SSD PLUS 120GB " Solid State Drive](http:// | $ @ Amazon  **Storage** | [Hitachi Deskstar 1TB " 7200RPM Internal Hard Drive](http:// | $ @ Amazon  **Video Card** | [EVGA GeForce GTX 960 4GB SuperSC ACX  Video Card](http:// | $ @ Newegg  **Case** | [Cooler Master N200 MicroATX Mid Tower Case](http:// | $ @ Newegg  **Power Supply** | [Corsair CX 500W 80+ Bronze Certified Semi-Modular ATX Power Supply](http:// | $ @ Amazon  **Optical Drive** | [Asus DRW-24B1ST/BLK/B/AS DVD/CD Writer](http:// | $ @ Amazon  **Wireless Network Adapter** | [Asus PCE-N53  PCI-Express x1 Wi-Fi Adapter](http:// | $ @ Amazon   | *Prices include shipping, taxes, rebates, and discounts* |  | Total (before mail-in rebates) | $  | Mail-in rebates | -$  | **Total** | **$**  | Generated by [PCPartPicker](http:// 2015-09-02 15:29 EDT-0400 |  What are some great games I have missed out on in the last ten years?  I have picked up some cheap games recently including Hitman: Absolution with that charity deal.  I also received MGS:TPP free with my GPU.  I have a preference for Open World RPG's, as I have also picked up Witcher 1 and 2, Two Worlds 1 and 2, Just Cause 1 and 2, and various other Open World games. I would prefer to keep as much money in my pocket as possible, as I spent most of my savings on this new machine. Please recommend any games, ESPECIALLY those I can get great deals on, that I have missed since ~2004.  Thanks.
[final fantasy xiv, guild wars 2, guild wars 2]	I've been playing Dota 2 lately, I find these games enjoyable, but I have to mute my team everytime I play. Maybe I'm too sensitive but I have no patience for people who conduct themselves in a disgusting manner. It quickly irritates me to the point where my jimmies get rustled and then I'm no longer relaxing having fun.   I know the internet brings out the worst kinds of people, but there must be some communities out there filled with semi-decent people or have better rules against being a miserable human being. 
[riviera: the promised land, final fantasy viii, final fantasy x]	I find myself crawling for a good romantic Jrpg game. It feels like everybody is always repeating that (almost) every Jrpg is centered for love story but when you star looking for something satisfying its very hard to find one. So here we go.   The closer the romance is for the main plot line the better. Subplots are okay as well unless they feel like a filler or meaningless. For example I have played Final Fantasy 9 and enjoyed it a lot but would love to find a game with even deeper romantic plot line.  If you surprise me with a really good romantic jrpg recommendation I might give you a small reward.  
[planescape: torment, fallout: new vegas, baldur's gate, borderlands 2, lootfest, diablo]	So I'm currently playing (for the third or fourth time since it came out) Final Fantasy IX and loving it. I'm close to the third disc I think, just about to hit the BMV. I've never beat IX because something always happens (disc failure, corrupted memory card etc.) but I feel confident I'll make it through this time. IX has really helped me get back into the rpg groove so I think I'm going to stick to RPGs for a few more games before switching it up again.  Some of my favorite RPGS - Final Fantasy VI (all time favorite), Saga Frontier, Baldur's Gate II, Mass Effect 2, Secret of Mana, Breath of Fire 3, Suikoden 2, Deus Ex: HR, Earthbound and Final Fantasy Tactics round out my top ten list.  So here is a list of what I have available to play on PS3 or 360 (not gonna hook up my ps2 right now so any PS2 games I have on this list are digital) and my PC is in limbo as I collect parts to rebuild (posting from a chrome book, not interested in playing rpgs on my phone).  Borderlands 2  Demon Souls  Dragon's Crown  Dragon's Dogma: Dark Arisen  Dungeons and Dragons: Chronicles of Mystara  Fallout: New Vegas  Final Fantasy 7 - would be a replay, beat it years ago and actually  have a about year old save not long after recruiting Red XIII  Final Fantasy 8  Final Fantasy XIII - Lightning Returns - I'm a little ways into the game, may have to restart completely. Love the game just got distracted by life and then had a hard time remembering the combat.  Folklore  Monster Hunter: Freedom Unite  Nier  Saga Frontier - Replay, never beat ALL of the stories. Would love a complete file.  SMT: Nocturne - Started along time ago but never finished for some reason. Would restart as first playthrough was on a PS2. Love the game.  SMT: Digital Devil Saga - Started along time ago but never finished for some reason. Would restart as first playthrough was on a PS2. Love the game.  SMT: Digital Devil Saga 2  Star Ocean - The Last Hope  Vagrant Story - Loved the game but something happened to the disc so I never beat it.  Wild Arms - Rented this a bunch back in the day but never got around to beating it.  Wild Arms 2  Witch and the 100 Knights   I'm leaning hardest towards Lightning Returns, Saga Frontier, Nocturne, DDS1 or Dark Arisen. But, if you can sell me on a particular game, give it a shot! I'm really interested to hear people's opinions on these games, especially if you love some of the games I do.   I originally posted this on /r/jrpg but then I noticed on the sideboard a rule saying those types of posts aren't allowed. Which I think is pretty dumb since jrpgs aren't really a super popular genre but decided I'd try here anyway. If you have any thoughts on these games, please share. Thanks.
[xbox live arcade, this game, mother 3]	I really loved those games, I'm looking for something with humor, quirky, RPG-y but without really having to level and lots or random fights like the old FF series. I also liked how you get to press timed buttons during fights which is also not typical RPG-y I guess (only played the old FF games).  I own a PC which should be able to run quite a few emulators, but I also have an XBOX One and a XBOX 360.  I'm a bit of a casual gamer and haven't really played anything for a while except sometimes Smite with my nephew, but I miss gaming every now and then and would love a long-ish game like Paper Mario!  Thanks!
[the talos principle]	I really enjoyed the exploration of the post-shutdown of the Aperture Labs in Portal 2, mainly because i was picking up the pieces of a non discussed past, and and that I was mostly alone in my journey. Simply exploring, solving puzzles and making my was through that maze of a facility was one of favorite bouts of gaming i have ever experienced, due to lack of npcs and enemies to fight constantly, it was just an mystery adventure.  If anyone out there knows where to find any games like that on PC or Xbox One please let me know. I love adventues that are not tedious fighting.
[dodgeball]	I've been playing Titanfall recently and have really come to like it. I like the mechanics a lot, especially the fast parkour movement and relative brittleness of players... I've always liked stealth games a lot, and this style of play makes positioning and awareness of your surroundings more important than precision or fast reflexes, which I'm not too good at, while still feeling great. That's my opinion, at least.  However, I'm a bit worried because there's not too many players online at any single time - the most I've seen is about 700. Looking for alternatives, I remembered I have CoD: AW. I installed it, fired up multiplayer... And there was not one soul.  So, any games centered on fast movement but not twitchy would be perfect for me.
[fallout 3]	I am looking for something along the lines of Planetside with an NPC populated world. Quests and raids and cities and so on.  Ideally it's like Destiny with an actual open world and worthwhile quests and rewards.  More along the lines of what Destiny advertised early on.  I have tried Planetside 2 but it always devolves into CoD style chaos or stalemates in certain buildings and tunnels.  Gets boring and frustrating after a while so I end up losing interest.  I will try out any recommendations made here and reply on them.   Edit: Bought Rage so I am gonna give it a try for a bit.  Looks to be interesting at least for the duration of the campaign.
[planescape: torment, pillars of eternity, baldur's gate, mass effect, total war, kotor]	Hi guys , im looking for 2 kind of games :  1 st , a game about army management, im not talking about the usual RTS when you control UNITS, im talking about controlling ARMIES on the field (not CIV) where you have to manage unit (like divisions armies not invidividual soldiers) as detailed as possible you choose the terrain to start a battle or maybe avoid it all together and siege or raid , you have to make sure your supply lines are running that your officers are trained and all that kind of stuff and if a battle happen you have to control the formation and give each regiment/division/army like having your cavalry go harass have unit 1 keep fighting in her position unit 2 retreat etc etc I dont really care the period if its medieval gunpowder modern or even fantasy.  So to make sure im understood I dont want a RTS where you control INDIVIDUALS nor a CIV kind of game where your control EMPIRE but a game where you control ARMIES in a war  2 nd , im looking for a great solo RPG, not something you have to farm monster to exp or that put emphasis on combat but more about advanturing and with a great deal of choice morale or not where I can kill/fuck girls/steal or be a white knight if I want, again more on a story driven but where I can influence greatly the story as opposed to combat / exp grind "mmo kind" .  Thanks for your help
[this game]	Hello reddit. I like games, and merchants in games. It feels rewarding to spend your hard-earned in-game money to professionnals to buy their items. But, in most video games, you either loot the very good ones, sometimes by farming the same creature, which I dislike, or just constantly buy the ininteresting statistical upgrade items. I also hate crafting myself, as I don't think the main hero of a game could be talented enough to create a rare enchanted object. Do you have any suggestion of games where merchants sell interesting items ?
[don't starve , roguelike, diablo 2]	So I recently purchased a new MacBook Air, which I need mainly for work purposes, as I travel a lot and work a lot with graphic design (Thank you uncle Christian for the free MacBook). I have never had a good and stable running PC before (PC Motherfucking Master Race Baby!!!), and have therefore only played CS:GO and League of Legends on 8-bit low graphics, so I am a bit lost in the gaming world. I am going to install Windows &amp; Linux on this laptop as well in a couple of weeks (mainly for programming purposes, but installing Windows also helps out with the games), but until then I wanted to ask you lovely Reddit community, do you have any games you would recommend to play which work fine with iOS, and which aren't super expensive? I can see the iOS tab on Steam, but it's straight up too much to choose from. List them down below, and I am very excited to join you guys in-game :)
[dying light]	Hey guys, me and my friend like playing RPG co-op games and having just finished quite a few games, we are currently searching for a new one and was wondering if anybody had any suggestions.  To date, we've played:   * Dungeon Siege 3  * Castle Crashers  * Dead Island + Dead Island Riptide  * Borderlands 2  * Borderlands: TPS  * Lord of the Rings: War in the North  * Dead Rising 3 (we didn't like the timer and found it very weird. we only spent 2 hours on it and decided not to play it anymore)  * Magicka  * Trine  * Trine 2  Things I didn't want to try co-op with my friend   * Divinity: Original Sins  * Torchlight 2  * Path of Exile  We recently bought Forced and was even thinking of maybe giving Hunted: Demon's Forge as well as a go but we're waiting for them to go on sale.  Going through the list, we pretty much like Action RPG games. But exceptional games on different genres (Trine 1+2) is one of our favourites too. I believe the most important thing is having an actual campaign as that has what drove us away from any of those indie roguelike games. Anybody else has any games they can recommend checking out? 
[just cause, saints row, gta]	Hi! I'm looking for something that could sound a bit too specific but please hear me out because I'm open to suggestions that aren't an exact match as well :)  I **love** open world games. And I love a post apocalyptic story.   I'm looking for a post apocalyptic/has it's own world, open world game, possibly multiplayer (I don't mind paying monthly or whatever), with plenty of Role Playing elements - like skills, levels, equipment, etc. **It can be a shooter but it can also be like Skyrim - with no technology involved**.  Only PC games please.  *Important elements that I generally like in a game:*  - Open world  - Touching/interesting/thought-provoking stories  - A well-polished game: I **hate** paying for a game only to get pissed off by game-ruining bugs. For example before I got Skyrim for my PC I bought it for my Xbox 360. The bugs were irritating and annoying but I kept playing because I still enjoyed the game. Up until the point where some bug actually ruined my game - I could no longer progress because of it.  - Atleast decent graphics - like Fallout New Vegas or Red Dead Redemption  - Role Playing elements!  - Good immersion  - A well-made atmosphere: like in Amnesia: they manage to scare the crap out of me because they created a good atmosphere  - Games that have mods  - A game with plenty to do, that I can continue playing after I finished the main story too.   Can't think of any more right now.   Thanks a lot for reading and I hope you can suggest me a game that has atleast a few of these qualities that I mentioned :) I'll be very greatful.  **Some games I played that pretty much fit into most of the criteria:**  Obviously Fallout &lt;3  Borderlands  The Elder Scrolls  Lord of the Rings Online (they got too greedy after a while, game turned to shit)  Guild Wars 2 (stopped because it wasn't competitive enough for me for an mmorpg  Neverwinter - too easy, didn't last more than a week  The Last of Us - I'm *DYING* to play this game. I have no Playstation. I'm very sad about it.  Bioshock   Assassin's Creed  Dead Space  Far Cry  The Darkness &lt;3  Crysis  Can't think of any more.         
[quake live]	I'm seeking advice on some new games to play,  I enjoy multiplayer games, but I enjoy the simplicity of owning only a laptop as I move around often. In fact, I would say I enjoy multiplayer games so much because it allows me to interact with friends no matter where I am in the world!  That being said, my laptop cannot handle a lot, certainly not all the new games coming out that require a good video card and fast cpu.   The main games that I enjoy are ones with replay-ability. Ones I can boot up with some buddies of mine and not get bored after the first 10 hours of gameplay. I'll look into any suggestions, no matter the genre, as long as they are multiplayer!
[dwarf fortress]	Recently I've played a lot of colony builders, and I really enjoy to see how interactions between NPCs unfold. But sadly, in most games this aspect is very limited. For example: In Rimworld you build a colony against all odds, but the only social interaction between your colonists is "had a pleasant chat" or "had an unpleasant chat". Dwarf Fortress gets closer to that, with personalities, marriages, preferences etc.   I would also be very interested in a city builder with a deeper social aspect, but I doubt this exists. SimCity Societies didn't do a very good job with actual social *interaction* between NPCs.  Sims focuses on this, but this game is waaaay too easy.
[the witcher, the witcher]	I am moving and will not have a stable internet connection to play games with where I am located. I am looking to download some awesome single player games that are either great length, or have great replay-ability. Looking for games available on Steam.  Some games I have that I have enjoyed are: Skyrim, Divinity: Original Sin, Saints Row Series, Diablo Series, Guacamelee, Killing Floor, Dragon Age, Mafia 2, GTA Series, Broforce, Hearthstone etc.  Some games I do not like are: Horror like Amnesia or Outlast. RTS like Starcraft or Command and Conquer. Terraria/Minecraft.  Some I am interested in but would like input are: Darkest Dungeon, South Park: Stick of Truth.  I have a RazerBlade 2014 ed. laptop, so I can run anything. Once again I would prefer games in steam, and that do not require an internet connection to play (ie. Diablo 3). Thanks a ton!
[guacamelee!]	Hello /r/gamingsuggestions - first post here.    So I've been on a bit of a Beat em Up kick lately.  While I've enjoyed a lot of games with the sort of classic 8-directional movement you see in a lot of games (think final fight or streets of rage), I think I actually prefer it when they stick to purely sidescrolling controls.  That is, the character is locked to a 2D plane, so they can move up, down, right, left, but they can't move towards or away from the screen.  It just seems to make the game feel more precise, as it can be very difficult to align yourself to an enemy along the Z-axis in a 2D game.  So I was hoping that people could point me toward more games that play like this, whether they're locked to a single plane (like Bad Dudes, Valdis Story, Muramasa, or Dust), or they allow you to traverse multiple planes (like Guardian Heroes or Phantom Breaker).  As a final note, my definition here of beat-em-up is pretty loose.  Main criteria is just a game who's primary focus is on melee combat- whether that be with fists or weapons.  Action platformers are also welcome so long as they have engaging combat.  Any platform from any time is fine- from arcade to PC to PS4.
[brothers: a tale of two sons]	Hey guys,  I'm searching for a game for a neighbor. He's middle aged, doesn't speak english and is a big Call of Duty fan. I've installed Call of Duty United Offensive on his older PC with a croatian language pack, so he could play it and understand the story and missions.  He likes casual games on Facebook aswell, like the sheer unlimited amount of clash of clans clones. He plays them with Google Translate, it's a hassle unfortunately.   Any suggestions? Games should be easy to understand, simple and should run on weaker hardware!
[split/second, ridge racer, *crazy taxi]	So, I'm not typically a fan of racing games, but I've really been feeling like playing one lately and can't find anything like what I want. Games in the genre that I have enjoyed over the years include the San Francisco Rush series, F-Zero, Midnight Club, and various older actual arcade racing games. I'm looking for something on PC, stuff on platforms that emulate well is fine also. I also have a Wii U, but I don't think there's really any racing games on it besides Mario Kart. Also, the most suggested thing I see brought up when talking about arcade racers is Burnout Paradise, I didn't really enjoy that so I'm not looking for something in that style.
[shadow of mordor, saints row 4]	So I just upgraded to an R9 290 and 4690k (two main things).  I'm trying to find games that I can play that are good/fun but also will use the GPU for what I bought it for.    I'm into Action/Adventure games and RPG games the most.  Right now I am liking MGSV a lot but I got that on PS4 for free so I really don't see a point in having it again.  I have a bunch of games in my Steam library but I've either played them all or they don't have good enough graphics as to let me experience my cards full potential.   I am also big into SimRacing but I have PCars, Assetto Corsa, rFactor2, the big ones out there.  I'm looking for something more along the lines that's an RPG or Action/Adventure game that will put my system to the test.  I'm also into FPS games.  Don't assume I've played anything, gimme all your suggestions!  Thanks!
[dark souls]	Hello gamers!  I was hoping I could put down a list of games and get some suggestions. I looked through some previous threads but couldn't find any that match my specific tastes in games so here we go....   Here are the games/series that I own and have played more than once:   -Elder Scrolls Oblivion and Skyrim (tried Morrowind but open world is no fun without fast travel)  -Mass Effect (love the stories and character depth)  -Dragon Age (stories and character depth again)  -Portal (good stories, fun puzzles)  -Batman Arkham series (story, sneakiness)   -Assassin's Creed (like the stories but the gameplay is a bit repetitive)  -Fable (omg do I love this series, great gameplay, great story)  -Kingdoms of Amalur (beautiful world, beautiful stories, fun gameplay)   I've always enjoyed getting lost in a story but I also appreciate smooth gameplay. I read a fair amount of science fiction and fantasy and play some D&amp;D and tabletop games.  Any suggestions would be much appreciated. Thank you so much!
[xbox 360]	If you don't know what I mean, I mean exploring in terms of driving, flying, walking, cycling, whatever.  This is what I love doing and what I'm looking for in other games:  * You know why I have played Watch_Dogs for more than 100h? Because I LOVED the city. It was so well made. I just drove, and drove. Acted like an NPC. Roleplayed a cop, etc etc. Just drove. The NPCs in that game are super well made. All are different and their conversations are awesome.  * I act like an NPC and drive around (with a XOne controller for the smooth driving) in GTA 5. Go hiking, meet people. Explore the countryside with a nice car mod whilst the sun is settling.  * I drive for hours and hours in Euro Truck Simulator 2. Often to just drive. I love exploring in this game, it has great scenery. Sometimes I don't even have a load, I just act like a car in my 700HP volvo.  * Just walking / riding on Roach in The Witcher 3. Beautiful world. Just enjoying the exploration.  I want to do this in more games. Do you guys have any tips? I just want some nice peaceful exploration whilst not being driven by missions and objectives all the time.  I'm playing on PC.  Thanks!
[tomb raider]	So far in my steam library that I haven't started:  * Anno 2070 * The Binding of Isaac * Braid * Burnout Paradise: The Ultimate Box * Company of Heroes * Crysis 2 Maximum Edition * Darksiders 2 * Dead Space * Dustforce * GTA IV * Medal of Honor * Red Faction: Armageddon * Shatter * Civilization: Beyond Earth * Space Pirates and Zombies * Tomb Raider * Torchlight * Vessel  My favorite games are Europa Universalis, Crusader Kings, Life is Strange, Bastion, TWD seasons 1 and 2, Kerbal Space Program, Fallout: New Vegas, and Skyrim  I've already played Crysis 1 to the end. I played most of Darksiders 1, but got bored toward the end.  I don't like shooters all that much anymore, and am struggling to get through Metro 2033 (probably 2/3 done).    Thanks!  (PS: if you're willing to suggest other games based on my history, I'd appreciate that too. [my list of most-played games](http://
[path of exile, torchlight 2, titan quest, minecraft]	When I say passively I mean something that is really fun but doesn't require my full attention. Like, my most played game in my life is csgo, and I love that game, but it takes wind out of me, I gotta take week brakes a LOT unless I'm super into it, in which then I play 24/7 for like two months.  Anyway, I want a game that I can sink 1000 hours into, but I can still listen to music as I play. Games like TF2 and Skyrim go for this, but never grabbed me as much as is required to get more than 100 hours outta me. I'd say the best game that has done this for me is Diablo III, so maybe a game that's a little grindy/waiting a lot, but can crescendo into great moments.  I might as well ask this here to, but one I am considering is DayZ... is that a good idea?
[far cry 3]	More in depth:  I'm looking for a shooter (preferably first-person, third-person works too) that has plenty of weapon customization.  Custom ammo types, weapon parts/modifications that you can fumble with, and several weapon variations other than your typical AR/SMG/Shotgun/Sniper setup, though those weapons are NOT unwelcome (shotgun guy here!).   PC or XB1 welcome, don't have a PS3/4.  Games I've played that come close to the aformentioned:  * Defiance * Borderlands (not really customizable, but the random attributes are very interesting) * Fallout: New Vegas  Thanks in advance!    edit: formatting  2nd edit: forgot platforms
[life is strange]	I am not a big fan of adventure games, and the biggest reason for that are puzzles and action-heavy sequences. They break the fluidity of the story by ripping it apart and putting time-wasting puzzles. I would love to play a game where storytelling is the biggest focus. I don't mind a little action or a tiny bit of puzzles, but not something what Grim Fandango has.   Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons and The Old City: Leviathan are my examples of beautiful storytelling/exploration without the puzzles and story-pauses. Something similar to what those games achieved would be amazing to find and try out.   
[factorio]	Today I had an odd itch for a game where I could build a big, complex system which I could build to basically take care of itself, and build it with relative ease. The more complex, and the more the game rewards me for making it more complete, the better. City-builders are the closest thing I know of to this, but the few I've seen are pretty limited in terms of what your city really needs to be healthy. Before someone suggests programming (because people have wisely given me that suggestion here before), I'm kind of looking for something that uses similar thought process to programming but isn't as intensive on my mind. I'm tired, but most games still are too simple to be fun.  I probably explained something in there pretty poorly, so please ask for elaboration if you're confused.
[age of wonders iii]	Hello! I like the 4x genre and I'm looking for a fantasy 4x to play. I've got about 2 gigs of ram, a GeForce 210, and an Intel Core 2 CPU 6320, at   I really enjoy the Civilization series, Distant Worlds, GalCiv 2, MoO2, as well as the Paradox Interactive games, like CK2 and so on.  I'd really love to play a good fantasy 4x. I don't mind something with a bit of a learning curve. I like lots of options for races, and long, epic games. I want a game that could give me an exciting story to tell.  Thanks in advance for any suggestions as to what I could play. :)   What fantasy 4x games do you enjoy, and why?
[anger management]	So basically I'm looking for a game to play with my girlfriend. The problem is that I play games for the challenge and get very competitive, as a result I rage at team mates quite often including my girlfriend although I hold back.  It's something I'm trying to stop for the obvious reasons but so far apart from battleblock theater (which I find quite dull), and dota 2 custom games we haven't found a game that I don't get mad at. I bought rocket league for the two of us but even then I still get a little pissy.  Any suggestions, co op games are probably a good way to go
[ecco the dolphin]	I feel like playing scary 2D games, but I'm getting tired of finding just RPG Maker games and whatever's on Steam.  (PS4) was the first game that scared me, ever. It is no longer scary. If it isn't scarier than  it won't even be creepy, let alone scary. Anyone know of any NES, SNES, GB/GBC, or GBA games that are scary? I know of the NES Godzilla Creepypasta thing someone's doing, but since it isn't out, it won't work.  I'll take ports and remakes of games even if they're on other systems, as long as the port or remake is better and the original is on one of the systems mentioned above. I'll also take creepypasta games, as long as they're either on the systems mentioned above or depicting a game on one of the systems mentioned above ( Pokemon Lost Silver is on PC but it's depicting a hack of the GBC game Pokemon Silver, MARIO is a SMW hack made for a creepypasta, etc).  Games I have looked at that I either didn't enjoy or didn't find scary enough to be horror:  * [Sweet Home](http:// (NES) * [Clock Tower](http:// (SNES) * [Pokemon Lost Silver](http:// (PC) * [Pokemon Black](https:// (GBA) * [The Uninvited](https://\)) (NES) * [MARIO](http://\)) (SNES) * Resident Evil Gaiden (GBC)  Games I have looked at that aren't out yet but I will likely enjoy them when they release:  * [NES Godzilla Creepypasta](http:// (PC)
[wwe 2k15]	I used to play Smackdown VS Raw 2007 with my brother on PS2. It had so much content, we played hundreds of hours.  This is the first time in a long time WWE is on PC and it's by the same team as 2007. It includes all the DLC for $   Has anybody played it? If I liked 2007 would 2K15 be just as good? Is there as much content?   By content I mean wrestler intros, stadiums, events, game modes, backstage rings (like the behind the scenes where the fight in the hallways or locker rooms), commentation, music, apartments (they had fully customizable apartments in 2007 with furniture and a trophy case), online game play, career, etc.
[life is strange, the last of us, tomb raider i]	It shouldn't be too old, at least post 2006 at least. Cutscenes would be good too.   I really need a good story and characters in my games. Never got into Skyrim, Fallout 3 and Dark Souls etc. because of that.   Some games with a great story and characters that I have played: Mass Effect Trilogy, Dragon Age games, The Witcher Trilogy, some of the Assassin's Creed games, Bioshock + Infinite, The Last of Us, The Walking Dead, The Wolf Among Us, Sleeping Dogs, Mafia 2, GTA IV, Spec ops the line, Red dead Redemption, Deus Ex Human Revolution etc.  It feels like there aren't any more games that would fit my criteria. 
[dragons dogma, dark souls, dark souls]	I'm in the mood for some RPG. Looking for something with an open world, non-linear. A game like Skyrim would be what I am looking for, just not SKyrim or Oblivoin, Daggerfall, etc.  I am currently playing Blackguards 2, and its ok, but pretty linear and not what I am itching to play. I recently bought Shadow of Mordor, but I am wondering if that is more like Ryse Son of Rome in that its a hack and slash type game, not a move stealthy and kill people way. That is also something I am not interested in.  Mount and Blade is also something I am not interested in, I have it, love it, but its not what I am looking for. Two Worlds I enjoyed (after they patched it up and made it much better than at release, but Two worlds 2 sucked as a horrible console port).  So with that information, does anyone have anything to suggest? I'm looking for something with the play style of a Skyrim, but not skyrim.  Thank you in advance.
[xcom: enemy unknown, strategy games]	I'm not the biggest expert on strategy games, in fact I suck at a lot of them but I don't mind because I still enjoy playing them.  I've played the Civilization games before, I'm also familiar with the Anno games, and I've also played things like , Frozen Synapse, Planetary Annihilation, and a bit of the Company of Heroes games.  I'm primarily looking for something that's easy to learn, has a fairly well made difficulty curve, and something where I can start a game whenever real quickly for when I'm out and about with my laptop with a good amount of time to waste.  PC preferred but open to other platforms.
[planescape: torment, pillars of eternity, neverwinter nights, baldur's gate]	Games I have liked a whole lot:  **Diablo II:**  I don't really need to explain this one around here.  But I especially like grinding for loot, delving deep into dungeons, and leveling up.  I also played a bunch of Torchlight II because of these same mechanics despite its complete lack of story, boring characters, and unappealing art style.    **Persona 3 FES:**  I already know that there's really no games like this.  However, part of what I liked so much about it was the dungeon crawl aspect.  I liked the random map layouts that fit within the larger framework of the dungeon.  I liked the way 3 did this better than 4 but of course I liked 4 a lot, too.  I think 4 had a better story; it was bit less of a cliche but I think 3 had better characters and characters are more important to me than a story.  This is probably the best example of what I'm looking for.  I know that nothing exists like it what with the weird mix of high school and social links but dungeon-crawling with your pals is still enough for me.  **Dragon Quest VIII**  I sure don't mind random battles.  This was also the first 3D game I remember as looking really good.  Wind Waker also fits in this category because of a similar sense of exploration and nice aesthetic.  Also, there were a lot of fun characters.  **Shadow Hearts: Covenant:**  Characters are more important to me than story.  What was the story of this one?  I don't remember.  A demon started WWI and some other bozo demon had to stop him.  It doesn't matter.  I did like the setting quite a bit.  I certainly wish there were more early 20th C. game settings around.  Anyway, the point is, what I remember is Butterfly and his upgraded weapons.  A statue?  Excellent.  Also, his insane rife-with-subtext tower side-quest towards the end.  **Baldur's Gate II:**  This one goes without saying around here, as well.  But I like being a long way from town and running out of magic and I've got the mage using some dumb dagger because somebody died and everyone's out of mana and oh man we're almost to town... In fact, all of the Bioware games are really good about having "character interludes" in them.  This is a very appealing thing to me.   **Quest for Glory:**  Again, characters over story.  Although in this case the story was fine.  I also like funny jokes.  These were some formative games of my youth.  A good combo of adventure and RPG.    I don't really care for rogue-likes as much as you might think.  I don't mind the perma-death and I do like dungeon crawling but I don't like the lack of character and the fact that you can't really get attached to a character because he or she is going to die and probably very soon.  That said, I've probably played FTL about as much as any other game.  I do enjoy the sort of emergent story-telling that comes from the weird mix-ups in that game.  **Chronotrigger:**  I could also put in Final Fantasy VI because I feel compelled to.  They are totally great.  Kefka's laugh, for example.  But Chronocross didn't really do it for me despite satisfying my requirements.  Maybe it had too many characters.  I see that I am listing a lot of console games from the past ten years. I haven't had a console since the 360.  It looks to me like the DS would have the most amount of games that appeal to me.  Although, I've considered buying a Vita if only to revisit Persona before 5 comes out.  But I'm not opposed to console games.  It's more a matter of circumstance.    So, the **TL;DR** **  Interesting characters and their interactions with one another  Exploration  Leveling stuff up  That is: **Dungeon-crawling with your pals.**   ***Games you will most likely recommend based on what I've already seen around here:***   Dark Souls  Witcher  Skyrim  I already know about these and while they're great I was hoping you would come up with some game that fits better and I've never heard of and probably doesn't exist.  
[saints row iv, this game]	So I've returned TWO games already because they weren't what I was looking for. I returned BeamNG because the physics are shit and the game is boring, and I returned CS:GO because the game is too fast paced, repetitive and feels like a COD game.  I want something original. Fun. Cool. Physics oriented maybe. Explosions? Shooting? Multiplayer? Space? I support Alpha and indie games. I just want something fresh and new...something that feels fun to play, create stuff, kill stuff, develop skill, become the best.... multiplayer is a huge bonus so I don't get bored.  What am I looking for??  I already own From the Depths, Rocket League, most big RPGs, All the far cry games, amnesia, mass effect, Rust, Robocraft, minecraft, ARMA, the list is pretty long.
[bioshock infinite, mass effect, left 4 dead, saints row, diablo]	Hi everyone!  So I did not grow up on consoles. Or have friends with consoles. By the time I did, I was so behind everyone else in skill that I felt embarrassed and frustrated with anything more than a GameCube.  Well today I took the plunge and bought a computer with an actual graphics card. Needed a new computer anyway and thought to hell with it, I want to run Skyrim, it has always looked so fun to me.  So I plan on getting that one but really I don't know what  I'm on a PC with an Xbox 360 controller. My graphics card is a something something 960 and the computer runs i7 with 8GB ram. Other than this my experience has only been Don't Starve and Binding of Isaac (which are incredible).  I do find shooter games like Call of Duty and  boring, but I am absolutely open to suggestions of all kinds! Especially because I'm *really* interested in multiplayer - I'm going to be at a school with a big gamer influence and it is a part of social life there.  What do you like? If it's popular and you feel like everyone knows about it already, please include it because at 20 years old this is my real entry into the video game world!
[animal crossing, farmville]	Kind of an odd question as I know most people despise Farmville, but I've been looking for something like this for awhile.  Back when Farmville first came out I used to play it occasionally and liked it as a game to just play casually when I'm sitting around bored. It was actually a pretty fun, casual game and I've always liked games that involved building things(SimCity, the Tycoon games, etc.). Unfortunately it is also tied in with Facebook(don't have one anymore) and is a Zynga game(would prefer to not play anything by Zynga).  The only real alternative that I've found is the mobile game, Hay Day. It's pretty similar but has it's own problems in that it's packed with micro transactions that are almost necessary to play the game at a certain point and it's also on mobile only(if I'm not at work I'm at my computer at home and I don't wanna balance PC/console gaming with mobile gaming as well).
[postal 2]	I'm looking for a game that's very focused on the idea of completing a checklist, ideally without any twitch gameplay.   Just to be clear, there are lots of games that have checklists, task lists, quest logs, etc, to keep track of what you're doing, but that aren't really the focus of the game. The focus of the game is completing a story, and your mission list just points the way to the next objective. This is NOT at all what I'm looking for.  Another thing I'm NOT looking for is where there are a bunch of side collectible things. Running around collecting things is fun, but it's clearly a side activity, and then you go back to the real game. I want something where the real game is to finish the checklist.  Some examples of games like this that I like. Kerbal Space Program has no story, no objectives, no win condition, instead it simply has a big archive of potential science data you can collect, and tells you to 'get to it'. And of course there's progression, as you collect stuff you improve your ability to collect more stuff.  Another example is Fantasy Life. Where you basically are presented with a big list "Here's everything you can do in the world! Have fun!" I'd even give some points to a game like Guild Wars 2 or the Pokemon games, where there is an overall goal just to propel you from area to area, but the real focus of the game is on completing your checklist (mapping/compendium).  Basically, games that are really open, but not so open that they're just a sandbox without anything to accomplish but self-directed goals.  What other games are there like this?
[mass effect]	My gal of four and a half years left recently after just losing the spark and wanting to move on. Long story short, I'm an absolute mess, and I've been having a hard time enjoying things in general recently, games included.   I'm looking for something I can really sink myself into and I just wanted to see what you all would happen to suggest. I'd imagine it'd be an RPG, something "immersive," which is fine, though I'd prefer something more western. More Bethesda and less Square Enix.   While those kinds of games are great and I'm open to your suggestions for maybe some more obscure titles, I wanted to see if anyone could recommend something specifically about coping with loss, about relationships, or guidance through difficult times. I want to see what games can offer as a medium about these subjects, and I haven't really encountered it much in games before.   What games struck a chord with you in this way? What have you played that helped you through a hard time that you would recommend to a sad-sack like me?   Thanks everyone.
[mgs, mgs, mgs]	I'm looking for an RPG that has a unique setting and quest structure. with tons of player freedom. Minimal fetch quests of the [twenty bear asses](http:// variety and minimal to no grinding required. It can be any kind of RPG, turn-based, action-RPG, etc. To give an idea, my favorite series in this vein are Fallout (all of them, but especially 2 and New Vegas) and Deus Ex (minus Invisible War, of course). I enjoyed Vampire: Bloodlines, but I wouldn't rank it among my favorites due to certain flaws -- mostly how unbalanced it becomes at the end in favor of combat and still being incredibly glitchy even with a decade's worth of patches.  Edit: Forgot to mention I am looking for PC games.
[path of exile, diablo 2]	I started playing [Steredenn](http:// today. Its [Gunbots](http:// made me think about the [Trapsin builds](http:// in Diablo 2 that I liked a lot, as well as [Hydra Sorceresses](http:// You set up your turrets, do a bit of crowd control here and there and watch the carnage. It's a lot more laid-back than other builds in D2. Are there other games that offer similar gameplay?  The obvious suggestion are tower defense games, I guess. That's not really what I'm looking for. I was more thinking about other ARPGs, but I'm open for suggestions from other genres as well.
[mario kart]	gonna be picking up a 34" ultrawide monitor and a gtx 970 in the next couple months... never really played any pc racing games but i loved mario kart 64 and more recently mario kart 8 on the wii. i'm not really a 'car person' and don't care at all about realism, in fact i don't drive and generally dislike the whole irl automobile experience, which is why i haven't played a pc racing game since Stunts in the early 90s. i'm looking for something fast, beautiful, and most importantly ridiculous, something reasonably mindless that i can tune out using, but will also serve to show off the display and pixel pushing power of my new rig. 
[rogue legacy]	I am looking for a game that I can really sink time into.  A game that I can start playing and a few hours goes by in what feels like seconds.  A game where I can keep striving to unlock new things for weeks but that also has fun game-play so I don't get bored easily.  I play on PC.  Some games that I have played like this:    * Diablo 3 * WoW * some Assassins Creed games * Call of Duty * Far Cry 3 * Borderlands 2 * Path of Exile      I want a game where I can just chill, grind, and watch netflix or something; but a game that is fun enough that I won't get bored (Euro Truck Sim gets boring fast).  I have played a lot of games that sound like this that I don't like though: GW2, Torchlight  and FF14.  Some games I am looking at that sound like what I'm looking for are Elite: Dangerous and Assassin's creed games I haven't played (black flag). Preferably NOT free to play.  Any suggestions?         TL;DR:  Looking for a grind centered game where I can unlock TONS of things.  But where the gameplay is a lot of fun (Diablo 3).  I'm looking at games like Assassins Creed and Elite: Dangerous.  Help!
[ogre battle 64, nintendo 64]	I've been having trouble finding tycoon games recently, especially this type. Sports I've got no real investment in so I find it hard to keep focus even though I like this sort of game, and I struggle to find any roster management games that are related to RPGs, eSports, anything that's not sports. Or the ones I've found have little to no depth or are in development. I can't really find any good examples of non-sport ones, so games like Football Manager, etc.  Or, well, if none exist, games that have an XCOM or Massive Chalice style of units (Randomly generated, disposable pawns) would make good suggestions. Also looking for games like Game Dev Tycoon (Tried most, GamersGoMakers, Mad Games Tycoon, etc)  Edit: I had a hunt to see if I could find anything similar to what I'm craving right now - if anyone has any games similar to [Epic Manager](https:// that are released/finished, I'd love you.
[borderlands 2, behind you]	This kind of thing has been my "dream game" for a while now, where I'm thinking of a specific type of gameplay but I can't find any games that use it.  For example I really enjoyed Max Payne 3 and the shooting sections in Mirror's Edge (which I know lots of people hated). Basically, the Matrix lobby scene is really close to what I'm looking for, though it doesn't need acrobatics or anything.  There's a mod for Half Life, The Specialists, which fits this pretty well, but it's MP and I'm looking for a single player game where you have to fight several enemies at once.
[shadow of mordor, heavy rain]	I've been getting tired of games where. Playing a game, messing up and getting a game over, then retrying who-knows-how-long all over again gets pretty frustrating. I'd rather play games where failure doesn't interfere with the flow of my play session nor does it force me to restart.  Basically I want a game where I can keep on playing even if I mess up in a way that I didn't want to.  Here are some examples of games that are close to what I'm looking for.  **Transistor**- If your health reaches 0, one of your abilities gets locked out and you can continue playing but with a handicap. It makes me think on my feet and adapt to limits that I'm being punished with. It takes way longer before I actually restart from a check point, but at least I still feel the challenge and engagement.  **Heavy Rain**- The game's story continues even when your main character(s) die. It adapts to the mistakes you make, so instead of a screen saying "game over" your punishment is a potential bad ending in the end.  **Wario Land: Shake It**- It's very forgiving and you can easily go through the levels, but the optional tasks require alot more effort if you want extra coins.  Genres I enjoy are action, adventure, and RPG. But I can enjoy various genres, especially if they have a story worth following.  If you recommend a PC game, I want to use a controller or just a mouse. I hate using keyboard. Also I'd rather not buy games from Steam. I prefer shopping from Humble Bundle, GOG, and Playism.  I have a PS2, PS3, PSTV, Wii, 3DS, and PC
[dragon age: origins, hero siege]	I'm one of those people who never takes a second look at most games in my steam library and so the following are all games I've spent minimal time in and not really tried.  Rust  Dragon Age Origins  Star wars Jedi Academy  Chivalry: Medieval Warfare  Terraria  Blockland  Mortal Kombat 9  H1Z1  Bind of Issac Rebirth  Hero Siege  Dino D-Day  Millennium - A New Hope  One Way Heroics  Cthulhu Saves the World  Legend of Dungeon  Murder Miners  Penny Arcade's On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness 3 and 4  Just Cause 1  Breath of Death VII  Two Worlds: Epic Edition  CS Source  CS  CS Condition Zero
[minecraft]	 I generally dislike RTSs FPSs and generic car games (had some fun with flatout and trackmania)   For clarification, I am literally cut off, should the game be free and downloadable I can have someone get me the install file, or just buy it if it isn't.   Simply put, the game has to   a) not be online itself   b) not require steam (or anything of the sort)   c) have an offline installer   (  d) prefferably be free  )   Looking foward to literally any suggestions, even if it is a game from one of the genres I dislike you believe to just be that good. It can be ancient.
[shadowrun]	I've been browsing around steam and other area's of the internet trying to find a good game that that I could play. I'v been really into cyberpunk and sci-fi lately so I've been looking specifically in that genre. I've been trying to find a good sci-fi/cyberpunk non turn based RPG with lots and lots of epic loot that I can get, a decent amount of complexity, and not necessarily story driven but atmospheric. Does anyone know of any games that fit that criteria. I honestly hate to have to ask people as it comes across as lazy but I can't really seem to find anything that has all of these things in one. I'm probably just shit at looking or am being too picky.
[final fantasy xiv]	An internship has placed distance between my SO and I so we are looking for a game that helps close our gap as much as possible. We like the idea of going to the shops together (corny, I know) and then going on a quest together. We like midevil/fantasy/elves and stuff and prefer to not have it heavily PvP. I like building houses/owning our own but that's not a huge selling point. We each have a Xbox 360, PC, WiiU, and 3DS.   Games we've ruled out: Fantasy Life (already finished), ESO, LOTRO, and WoW.  I know this is specific but but any help would be greatly appreciated!  Bonus album of her cat, Lucina: https://;usp=sharing  Edit: Specificities  
[legend of grimrock]	I've recently been playing a game on my phone called Dungeon Boss.  While it's actually a pretty cool game, it's on my phone and not PC.  In it you can unlock a lot of different characters, and level them up though dungeon crawling.  It's just battles and character progression.  Right to the point.  No real story.  It's almost like [Darkest Dungeon](http://  Less rogue-like(lite?) though.    Anyway, I've been in the mood to play a game where I can progress a number of characters and have a bunch of options to just throw into dungeons and boss fights.  Any suggestions would be awesome.
[perfect dark, nintendo 64, game on]	I think it's fair to assume to Fallout 4 will be an excellent game, however I'm wondering if it's better to get it early or to wait. Obviously getting it early comes with the benefit of playing it sooner, however here are the reasons I'm questioning whether to wait:  1. **Fallout/Elder Scrolls games have been fairly buggy on release.** I remember New Vegas when it came out had some pretty big bugs, in particular memory leaks which could lead to loading screens taking minutes at a time. I can't remember specifics but I'm sure Fallout 3 and Skyrim both had similar issues, nothing game breaking perhaps, but lots of minor things. Waiting a few weeks for them to be patched might make for a more enjoyable first playthrough.  2. **Mods probably won't be released straight away.** One of the best parts of Fallout3/New Vegas/Skyrim is the mod support. I'm sure many people feel that they've spent more time looking for mods to install than actually playing with those mods. I'm probably going to do a vanilla playthrough first though before installing mods, so maybe completing it in the first week or so, then returning to it once mods start being released would be a better idea.  tl;dr I'm bored at work and would like to hear peoples thoughts on why they're pre-ordering or not pre-ordering Fallout 4.
[shin megami tensei, alpha protocol, front mission, tactics ogre, blade runner, darius]	What I want: Games where I make choices relatively early on that branch the game in different directions (not just having 20 endings but they only branch at the end and 95% of the game is always the same)       For example, in Fallout New Vegas the main quest can branch out in 4 mutually exclusive directions halfway through. A more extreme example is the PSX game Front Mission 3 where an innocuous choice early in the game leads to 2 completely different campaigns.         What I don't want: Telltale games, Until Dawn, etc. where you can nudge the story to the side a bit but it eventually always leads to the same ending and nothing you do actually matters in the grand scheme of things.          Don't care if it's a simple text-only interactive fiction game or the ugliest indie game, I want to see a game where you can legitimately change the story.
[assassin's creed, shadow of mordor, dying light, farcry 3, mgs, mgs, mgs, mgs]	So, for the last week I've been watching the Super Best Friends' LP of Phantom Pain, and while I don't understand the story at all, the game is extremely fun to watch. Actually, it was so fun I was considering getting it numerous times. Turns out it's a terrible idea, though because it requires you to play at least 3 other games spread across 3 platforms, for which I have no money (consoles of any kind are ridiculously expensive where I live, even the old-gen ones). Can you suggest something more self-contained that plays similarly and is available for PC?  Basically what I'm looking for is a third person action game that lets you choose your approach - in MGSV both stealth and "going loud" are viable gameplay styles in this game and there are missions that cater to both those styles. Not to mention both those styles are pretty developed, giving you even more playstyle opportunities. On top of that add very fluid movement and gun control, as well as dynamic combat that forces you to stay mobile at all times. Open world elements, base management, and the same level of over the top epicness optional.  The only game I can recall that had the same feeling to it, to an extent, was Tomb Raider (2013), if that helps you much.  My PC specs:  * AMD Athlon II X4  * 4GB RAM * AMD Radeon HD 7700 1GB * Win7  Thanks in advance for the help.
[ddo]	A small group of friends and I like to play games together, and we all love the tank/healer/dps model of MMO dungeoneering. We're all a bit older and busier than we used to be though, and we're looking to avoid the time-consuming leveling and questing that typically comes with the territory.  Are there any games (MMO or not) out there where you just pop in, everyone chooses a role (tank/healer/dps/support/whatever), and you run a dungeon together? Diablo 3 *almost* hits the mark, but that's more of "everyone do as much damage as possible" than we'd like.
[brave fencer musashi, beyond good and evil, seven samurai 20xx, fire pro wrestling, rakugaki showtime, threads of fate, bushido blade, second sight , arc the lad, silent hill, crimson sea, metal gear, heatseeker, ace combat, minefield, einhander, xenogears, everblue, bujingai, gungrave, poy poy, shinobi, klonoa, genji , tomba, tron, ico, mdk, wwe, dmc, ff8]	I've been on a kick lately to find games (mostly RPGs), mostly from the PS1/PS2-era that were good, but maybe not the blockbuster hits like Final Fantasy, Super Mario, etc.  I'm not limiting myself to the PS1/PS2 systems either, I've also found stuff for DS, 3DS, GBA, Gamecube, Xbox 360, etc.    Here's what I've been able to find so far and add to my Amazon Wish List.  I realize a good number of these are rare and expensive, but I'm willing to put in the effort to hunt for them.   - Valkyrie Profile  - Legend of Mana  - Disgaea 4  - Radiant Historia  - Odin Sphere  - Saga Frontier 2  - Metroid Fusion  - Power Stone  - Skies of Arcadia  - Einhander  - Ehrgeiz  - Threads of Fate  - Tales of the Abyss (3DS version)  - Wild Arms 3  - Wild Arms Alter Code F  - Asura's Wrath  - Lunar Silver Star Story Complete  - Suikoden II  - The World Ends With You  What other games can you guys think of that I should look out for?  Even if I can never get it due to rarity/price, it'd be nice to have more stuff to add to my wish list or at least research for being interesting.
[guild wars 2]	You know. NOT Mobas. Not even SMITE counts, its still archaic and limited by the MOBA genre.  I love the variety of MOBAs but thats it. They suck ass to play. I want games where a 1v1 fight turns is way more dependant on the skills of both players. I don't want 1v1 games, however.  I'm also not looking for FPS games. I know they all suck now, I've followed the genre enough, don't even want to hear about it anymore.   Looking for something new. And active. A fantasy multiplayer PvP game that isn't a MMO or a MOBA, and requires mechanic skills to play would be nice.  I can only ever think of a single game in existence that fits the bill and thats Chivalry. I'm done with that game though, the developers ran it into the ground for a while already and the game had no variety. (wish the game was fantasy instead)  I don't care about 2D games at all either, by the way. Not for PvP purposes.  Is there... anything at all thats interesting out there?
[try to survive]	This has really been bothering me lately, so let me know if you know the name of this game. It's definitely a PC game, and I played it about 6 or so years ago (hence the hazy memory). Basically you played as a group of early humans or villages who had to survive. You could forage for food or start families. And you had to keep them alive I think. That's really all I remember. That's not very helpful, so if there are any other games out there like that I would be open to playing them. Recommend me some good civilization simulation games, preferably available on IOS or Steam. Thank you!!
[resident evil]	I know there's new games like Pillars of Eternity, Bastion and Shadowrun that do pre-rendered backgrounds but it's always isometric. I'm looking for stuff like the old Squaresoft games, where the backgrounds would often be at various angles that looked interesting and had a lot of personality.         Examples:      [Lunatic Pandora in Final Fantasy VIII](http://        [Green Dragon's perch in Chrono Cross](http://         [Ruby's Theater in Final Fantasy IX](http://
[path of exile]	I've played Diablo (1, 2, 3), Torchlight (1, 2), Titan Quest, Path of Exile. I kind of like these games where you can just have mindless fun fighting monsters and upgrading your stuff like weapons, armor, unlock skills, features for your custom banner or get some new shiny armor etc., there's something very addictive about it. Games where you don't have to do a lot of thinking and puzzle solving, but just mindless, casual fun after a long work day.  I have my eye on Grim Dawn, Nation Red and Red Solstice after doing some research, but are there any other games like this that I should know about? (Near) endless games or games with high replayability where you just level up and upgrade your character and equipment. I'm not sure what kind of genre I am looking for but I think it's called twin stick shooters, action RPGs, horde survival, hack and slash, dungeon crawlers or similar.  Thanks!  Edit: Some similar games are Dark Souls (too hard), Borderlands series, Magicka and Alien Breed (top-down, fighting, skills, weapons etc.)
[torchlight ii]	I'm looking for a fun game that i can pass the time with, I am really into Diablo, Marvelheroes, Path of Exile right now but i played it too much recently and i really dont know what to play. I like almost all games, right now i'm looking for something that has RPG elements but isnt too think heavy. I don't want to read a million things or think about things, just point the way and i'll do it. MMORPs or just an online game is a good suggestion too   This is my steam account so you can see the games i dont have yet, if you notice a game i dont have but need, please tell me!   http://
[curse of monkey island, day of the tentacle, adventure games, grim fandango, grim fandango]	So for awhile my daughter has been playing RPGs with me. She's 9, and she likes everything about them except for the  combat, if you're just WATCHING the game, is boring. This last weekend we played through the opening of "Divinity: Original Sin", and for a long time in the beginning of that game you can just dick around in the town and solve this murder mystery. She LOVED that part, but once we had to leave town she lost all interest in the game.  What she really likes is making choices and interacting with the plot, talking to the people and finding little things hidden around the world. It seems like she'd like a good adventure game, but I haven't played an adventure game since I was like 13 (King's Quest and Space Quest and all of those). Do you guys have any good games you've played with your kids like that?   Just for some reference, she plays "Don't Starve" and "Diablo III" on her own (she needs help with the skills in Diablo, and being a Crusader helps with her survivability), as well as some "Minecraft" on my iPad. She liked Civ5 until it got too complicated (the branching tech trees were tricky), and she likes playing "Skyrim" with me (I control the character, she controls the dialog responses and where we go/what we do). A game with voice acted dialog would be best, too, just so I don't have to read everything out loud.
[life is strange]	I used to play a lot back when I was younger but then adult things happened. However, lately I'm finding my way back into it and playing often enough. First off, I'm gonna be using a laptop so I can't really play extremely graphic intensive video games. So yeah, here's a list of games I played recently that I enjoyed quite a bit and they ran pretty smoothly if that helps. I tried Google but the library is so overwhelming I don't even know where to start. D:   Here they are, on top of my head and in no particular order:   Transistor (I've played Bastion too.)  Child of Light  Never Alone  The Banner Saga  FEZ  Tomb Raider  Valiant Hearts: The Great War  Trine 1 &amp; 2  Trove  Borderlands 1 &amp; 2  Portal    **Ps,**  Absolutely no survival-horror games please. I tried Outlast and Monstrum but couldn't get past 30 minutes.   **EDIT:** Yay! Thank you so much for all your suggestions redditors, I really appreciate the help. I have so many games in line now! XD
[dragons dogma]	tl;dr Not Dark Souls, not Skyrim, not Chivalry, not Mount&amp;Blade :)  So ever since I played AoC back when it got released I have been on the lookout for a game with a combat system that is close to it. I really liked the combo system, and the fatalities, but being a game centered around subs it got stale rather fast and was more centered around game time than fun.  Key elements that made me like it:  * melee combat * Conan! (aka medieval brute force) * combo's and fatalities * dualwielding * fluid and "fast" combat centric gameplay * looting, upgrading gear, the feel of getting stronger * 3rd person  I only played AoC for like 3 months and resubbed for a short time 2 or 3 years later, but it felt like the grind is the important factor, not to mention the caster/melee inconsistency. I don't really care about deep lore/story, I'd actually like the combat, looting and progression to be core part of the game. Keyboard + mouse preferred, tho I got a controller if need be (actually played Dragon Age:Inquisition with controller, since it was the juicy way to play)  Maybe I even have a game in my steamlib and just haven't gotten to install it, so suggestions from those are welcome too: [my library](https://   Thanks in advance
[ftl: faster than light]	I'm just looking for constant meaningful fights, where every move counts and you're not just killing mindlessly. Character (and hopefully party) customization is a must. I don't want to have to think about the story.   Think Pillars of Eternity combat and party customization with a straight-forward map like Diablo 3, reduce enemies to about 20-40, and the story is about as simple as "kill these guys to get to the next level".  Closest thing I can think of is XCOM, but I've played it to death.   I'd prefer to be recommended a real-time-with-pause game.
[tropico 4, tropico 4]	I owned the first Tropico game for PC and loved the shit out of it. Specifically the construction, running an economy, and the environment/background customization before starting the game. I have basically been living under a rock as far as Tropico since falling in love back then though, and was wondering if anyone could suggest one of the newer titles. One with strengths in the above mentioned qualities would be preferred obviously but I am open minded and willing to explore new ideas the series may have run into. Alternatively, if this thread is going to tell me the games have went severely downhill, I am also prepared to download the original again, so don't pull punches.
[rune factory frontier, pandora's tower]	I always find it a bit silly that in numerous games, despite the world is about to be destroyed for whatever reason, the only ones able to stop it have the luxury to visit every town, talk to every villager, and look in every nook and cranny before they finally solve the problem.   I enjoyed Dead Rising 1 and 2, as well as the latter Persona games, because there is a time restraint placed on the protagonists, and I'm looking for similar games where I'll have to learn to manage my time wisely. Other similar games include Recettear, Invisible Inc, and Majora's Mask.   PC, PS2, Wii, 3DS, or PSP preferred. Thanks and have a great weekend!
[ori and the blind forest, planescape torment, baldur's gate, icewind dale, psychonauts, kotor]	I've played ALOT of games, therefore I would love some lesser known games, that has a really interesting story. I would like something that can be played through in 8-12 hours. And I'm looking for games of all genres.   EDIT: **Games I've completed already:**  * Alan Wake, both games * Alice Madness Returns * All blizzard games * All the newer batman games except Arkham Knight (Waiting for the PC port) * Bastion * Bioshock (all of them) * Borderlands (all of them) * Brothers: A Tale of two Sons * COD (all of them) * Crysis (all of them) * Dark Messiah Might and Magic * Dark Souls (all of them) * Deux Ex (The playworthy ones) * Dishonered * Doom (all of them) * Dragon Age (All of them, even though the second one sucked) * Fallout 3 and NV * Game of Thrones, Teltale game * God of war (All of them) * Gone Home * GTA (All of them) * Half-life (1+2 and the hl2 episodes) * Halo (all of them) * Hitman (All but absolution, found it extreme dull) * Homefront * JazzPunk * Life is Strange * Limbo * Little Inferno * Mafia 2 * Mass Effect (1-3) * Max Payne (all of them) * Metro (Both games) * MGS (All of them) * Mirror's Edge * Papers Please * Portal (1 and 2) * Prey * Rayman (The new 2d ones) * Saint's Row (All but the last two, got a bit too crazy for me) * Serious Sam (All of them) * Shovel Knight * Sleeping Dogs * System Shock (1 and 2) * TES (All of them) * The Last of Us + Left Behind * The Stanley Parable * The Walking Dead (Both Seasons) * The Witcher (all of them) * The Wolf Among Us * Thief (All of them) * Thomas was Alone * To the Moon * Tomb Raider (All of them) * Transistor  * Trine (1 and 2) * Uncharted 1-3 * Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines * Wolfenstein (All of them) * Xcom: Enemy Unknown * Zeno Clash
[lara croft and the guardian of light, never alone (kisima ingitchuna), octodad: dadliest catch, battleblock theater, child of light, foul play, portal 2]	Hi reddit, this is my first post on this website so pls be kind if my post have some mistakes...  My fiancee and I play a lot on game on steam (thanks to big picture mode).  We played already on : - Trine (1&amp;2) - Castle Crashers - Rayman Legends and Origins - Rocket League  I'm looking for game on steam (easier for me and I really like this system), any kind (not hard ones, she is a casual gamer so not BOIR or Spelunky :) )   Thanks by advance for you suggestions :)   3crateres   PS I'm French so forgive my spelling mistakes 
[sci-fi]	Anymore games like these?:  - In Between (9/10) - Limbo (9/10) - Waking Mars (9/10) - Spider: Rite of The Shrouded Moon (9/10) - Planet of The Eyes (8/10) - Hero of Many (8/10) - Thomas Was Alone (8/10) - Brothers (8/10)  Common factors: Has simple controls, exploration, puzzles, mysterious plot, little to no combat.   I've played the following games recently but didn't really enjoy them:  - Braid (3/10) - Super Meat Boy (4/10) - Never Alone (5/10) - Ori and The Blind Forest (6/10) - Child of Light (6/10) - Stanley Parable (4/10)  - Aquaria (5/10) - Fez (6/10) - FTL (6/10) - Trine 2 (6/10)  In the game Trine 2, I really like the wizard's ability to conjure cubes and move them around to solve puzzles, is there any game like this without the fighting?  When a game starts feeling too tedious, too much like work, too annoying, that's when I switch off and discard. Above all, I dislike tedious pretentious games like Braid and sadomasochistic games like Super Meat Boy. Games are supposed to be fun and challenging, not feel like punishment! I'm pretty sure the souls in Hell have to play Braid and Super Meat Boy for eternity as punishment.  Thank you.  
[star wars: the force unleashed, space marines, system shock, wolfenstein, wolfenstein, clone wars, star trek, dark side, dark side, quake 4, quake 4, deus ex, sci-fi, sci-fi, sci-fi, sci-fi, doom 3, doom 3, doom 3, kotor, vader, borg]	I'm looking for Sci-fi games that have horror elements or are generally depressing. Space exploration , and a nice soundtrack and  atmosphere are always a plus.   Some games that I've played and enjoyed that somewhat fit in this category:  SOMA  The Swapper  Alien  : Isolation   Dead Space 1 &amp; 2   Mass Effect series (the reaper / thorian stuff was great)   Portal 1 &amp; 2 .   System Shock 2   Kotor 2 was really fascinating and somewhat depressing, the first one wasn't as dark.   This doesn't really fit in the thematic, but I really enjoyed Galactic Civilizations 2, also the Jedi Knight games and Doom 3.    I tried the Fallout and Bioshock games but I dislike the setting.   I'm currently waiting for any news on Routine , and it's not out yet.    
[space engineers, speed up, albion]	Are there any good spaceflight sims where you operate a capital ship? I enjoy the gameplay of Elite: Dangerous, and I think it would be fun to play as a ship much larger than those available in E:D.  I'm considering Nexus: The Jupiter Incident, but it looks to be more of an RTS than a flight sim. Perhaps that's just a necessary element when the ship is larger and more complicated than a fighter?  I tried Eve Online ~10 years ago and was turned off by the extreme amount of waiting involved, but I would think about picking it up again if it's become more engaging since then.  Thanks in advance for your suggestions.
[saints row, gta]	One of my favorite games ever is Saints Row 2, but I love the series as a whole as well. I love the sense of humor, the gang customisation, and essentially being a superpowered maniac running around the city punching cars into space and blowing up little old ladies with explosive ammo from your pimp-cane-shotgun.  But apart from that, I really enjoy the storylines and the idea of "taking back your turf". In the first three games, there are three rival gangs for you to take out, each with their own territories and stories.  You could go after the Los Carnales (yeah, I said it) for a few missions, then dip back over to the Vice Kings (man, fuck the Rollerz) for a while before going back. You could go back and forth between the Sons of Samedi, the Ronin, and the Brotherhood in whatever order you wanted. And after each mission, you were awarded some more territory, which is very satisfying.  So what are some other games along those lines? I know the Assassin's Creed/Far Cry games have sort of the territory capture mechanic, but it doesn't *quite* scratch the itch of seeing your "colors" taking over the map bit by bit. The Godfather games have a similar concept where you capture/take over fronts and put up the Corleone "banner" instead, which is close, but there aren't really separate stories for each of the rival families.  **TLDR: Looking for games with-**  * territory capture and map "filling" (your color/team/faction taking over your opponents' turf) * ideally with separate storylines for each opponent/rival/faction * that aren't 4X/RTS games or Ubisoft-style-sandbox games
[fantasy life]	Let me start off by saying that I *do* want combat/exploration, but I want a game that'll let me do a bit more than that.  ________________________________________________________________________________________________  Here are the things I want from the game:  1. **Gather resources:** Like collecting wood, stone, ore, herbs, pelts, etc.  2. **Crafting:** Make my own armor, weapons, alchemy, food, etc. I wanna be able to make stuff that is actually useful though.  3. **Adventures:** Fight monsters, do quests, etc.  **BONUS** Here are a few things I would really like but are not necessary:  * **Farming:** Raising crops or ingredients.  * **Housing:** Owning or building a house, maybe even a carpentry skill to make furniture.  * **Pets:** Taking care of a pet or animal companion of sorts.  ________________________________________________________________________________________________  Here are a few examples of games that I've either already played, or don't quite fit the bill:  * **WoW:** Would be nice, but I don't like having to pick only 2 professions, especially since they are practically worthless now anyway...  * **Skyrim:** Pretty much everything I would want, but I've played this a lot, and I'd like something new.  * **Minecraft:** Really close, but I want more variety in the crafting/combat/questing, I don't like having so few options in weapons and armor. Maybe there are some mods you could recommend to remedy this?  Feel free to suggest games of any age, or on any platform, I'm not picky at all when it comes to that stuff. Gameplay is where I really want it to shine.  I also don't care if it's single player or multiplayer, but **NO** P2W!  
[factorio]	I would prefer if the game was free. I either want it to be brutally difficult with pvp and pve or peaceful and mostly singleplayer. Good examples of what I'm talking about are Haven and Hearth (which I won't be playing due to subscription fees) or harvest moon (which is a bit cutesy for me but I might try to pick up one of the games.).  I would prefer obvious suggestions be avoided. I already know about: Minecraft (including ftb and technic, though if they've added more hardcore survival that fits this I'm open to hear it.), Don't starve, and ARK. ARK, DayZ, Rust, H1Z1, and unturned are not what I'm looking for as they focus more on surviving other people than the environment.  EDIT: By farming I mean growing plants, I don't think I made it very clear.
[remember me]	Hey everyone,  This might be an odd request but as the title states, I am on the lookout for "language-heavy" games with french audio and subtitles for learning purposes. I already played a few and found that they really help to improve my French - those titles are:  * The Witcher Series * The Mass Effect Series * A New Beginning (Point and Click)  I also tried *Skyrim* but changing the language in Steam messes with some mods and I don't think I can go back to Vanilla. Assassins Creed was a candidate as well since Ubisoft is a french company but it is clearly not enough focused on language.  I am grateful for every recommendation!
[fantasy life]	So since getting a full time job, naturally I have a lot less free time during the week. During the weekend, I can spend the hours going through The Witcher 3, but during week days I have maybe an hour or two of actual free time.  Thing is, the vast majority of my games are epic, sprawling RPGs like Witcher 3, so I'm looking for a game which is less story intensive (or if it is, it can be short), smaller and more gameplay focused. Also, 3DS suggestions are welcome because I spend a few days a week away from home.  Games I've been looking at but haven't decided on (would appreciate any opinions on these):  * Etrian series * Roguelike games (or roguelites are probably more suitable) (I have FTL which I enjoyed a lot and Rogue Legacy which I enjoyed less so because I suck at platformers)
[etrian odyssey]	Hello, I'm going to be in a car for a while tomorrow for vacation and visiting family.  I really wanna try something new out for my 3ds. I have every single pokemon game and super smash bros. I have played zelda link between worlds and ocarina of time. I'm not a big zelda fan I only really enjoy the more dark or grown up links ( like twilight princess or skyward sword). Basically I'm really open to any suggestions. I wanna try some of these great 3ds/ds games out there! Like bravely default and devil survivors. Is there any game you would suggest I pick Up? I'm really game for anything especially RPGs :)
[rocket league]	Hey Reddit,  So after getting really annoyed with Dota 2 after 700+ hours of playing I decided it was time to find something else.  Now I really did enjoy the game but it just got abit to frustarting  So heres what I'm looking for - an online game that me and 2-4 friend of mine can play together.  Something that doesn't get boring quickly (tried CS:GO but quite frankly it just got old for me really quickly)  And preferably not too expensive as we are all students and can't afford this too much (+paying a high price for a game and then it turns out I don't like it kinda sucks)  Things I tried already : 1. CS:GO - as I said got boring after about 10 hours of playing 2. LoL - played it a while back, I like Dota better and I'm not really looking for a new MOBA.   Any suggestions?  Thank!
[recettear: an item shop's tale]	When I was in high school I used to play "time management" games like Diner Dash and Delicious frequently. The gameplay was fun but the serving options were ridiculously low so you were basically carrying out the same orders every level once you reached a certain point. Are there "time management" games today with more depth? What is the best "time management" game on the market right now?  I would prefer something on Steam but webgames are okay too. The only requirement is that it must play on Windows 8.  This post was inspired by a trip to the store where I saw many of these games (such as Cake Mania, Burger Island, and Roller Rush) on sale, but they don't work on Windows 8.  No "filthy casual" or "play RTS instead" comments, please.
[cannon fodder, bulletstorm]	I've been playing games like "Cook, Serve, Delicious", Undertale, Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, Plague of Shadows, and Civ V. Now I just want to shut off my brain and kill motherfuckers with a goddamn gun. Preferably not Call of Duty. Their single player campaigns are just too short and I have terrible internet for multiplayer. Call of Juarez: Gunslinger runs like shit for me, and for some reason, Battlefield Bad Company 2 just doesn't work. Don't ask me why, my computer is in this weird Bermuda's Triangle of Specs not making sense. So, any suggestions?
[xcom: enemy unknown]	So I'm looking for a casual game to play at night while I watch TV shows or listen to podcasts. Something that doesn't require me to sit up and pay attention or have quick reaction time (Example of what I DON'T want.. CS GO or any of its variants like bhop/surf. I play that during the day and I get salty enough).   I'm thinking something along the lines of Diablo or Age of Empire, except I would prefer it to be single player and don't want to constantly "reset" my state in the game. (Meaning if the game requires farming for materials to build up a castle or something, I don't want to beat a level and start over the next level by farming the same materials, building the same buildings etc.)  tl;dr:  I want:  * Single Player * Mouse driven game (Like Diablo hack&amp;slash or Age of Empire type building) * Don't want a game that I can "finish" or that resets after level completion. (eg: Civ 5) 
[get away]	Does anyone know if there are campaign/persistent session based games that can be played over the course of a few weeks? I'm thinking games where the players can log in, take their turn, plan out strats, build their base and army, then log off for the week.  Games that come to mind:  * Civ 5 * Europa Universalis * Crusader Kings * Total War series ? * Age of Wonders ?  Anyone know if these series (or similar) have these capabilities? Main reason for asking is playing with players across timezones. Also looking for something slower paced yet with tactical/strategic depth and without the pressure of speed micromanaging RTS.  One of the key factors is the ability to log in and out of a multiplayer session. 
[fire up]	My 11 year old is really into PC gaming but I find myself saying no to almost every game he asks for (Bioshock Inifnite, CoD, HL2, MGS, GTA5, etc).   I'm not a prude when it comes to this stuff but I do think there's a reasonable level of violence that's appropriate for an 11 year old, at least until he's a bit older and can process some of the more mature themes in these games.   Could I please get some recommendations of high-quality low-violence games out there?  Games he loves to play right now -   * TF2 (config'd to turn on sillygibs and hide chat/voice/sprays) * Minecraft * Stranded * Civ 5 * Portal 2 * Dirty Bomb
[waiting for godot, the last of us, alan wake]	My English professor seems to believe that games aren't really anything nearly as complex as the literature he teaches. He expressed interest when I said they were something more complex now, that they could contain similar elements to literature like symbolism and metaphors; and had diverse and complex narratives. I was wondering if anyone here had a good idea as to what kind of game I could show him, preferably a shorter one. I was thinking Gravity Bone but I wanted to have more options, does anyone have any ideas?
[satellite reign]	Hi all,  So let's start with some guys that I've played in the past that I've truly loved. Final Fantasy 10 was really my entry point into the RPG genre, I played some FF's before, but I never played one start to finish and I absolutely loved it. I've played a few more of them since, Final Fantasy 13 I enjoyed. Right now just got done playing Shadow of Mordor, also enjoyed that. I like Saints Row 4 as well.   So basically I enjoy RPGs that take you to a different universe or so. Not a huge fan of RPGs that are FPS-like (GTA, Far Cry, etc). I'm also looking for a newer one that I can run on PC with some solid graphics. I was thinking of maybe venturing into Witcher 3 or back into Skyrim as I hadn't really played through it a lot. Just wondering what you guys would recommend for someone who likes RPGs with a great story that last for a while and you really get to know the characters. I've tried FF Type 0 but not really feeling it as the controls are wacky on the PC.  On a side note, if anyone has any recommendations for RTS games I'd like them too. I played War3 The Frozen Throne competitively and I haven't found a game that combines the hero + RTS vibe like TFT does.   Thanks! 
[don't starve together]	My girlfriend was super into Minecraft but she got bored of it, we enjoy games like Zomboid and 7 Days to Die but she finds they get her very anxious, so we'd like to find a game like that... but without the zombies. Obviously not a game like DayZ or Rust either, because she doesn't enjoy playing competitively.  Been hard to find a game along those lines... [Planet Explorers](http:// looked sort of good but it seems to be developing slowly.  She loves building/crafting/PVE/farming (especially farming, shame there isn't a multiplayer Harvest Moon or I think that would hit the target) stuff, just preferably without zombies/cultists/horrific hellspawn. Any suggestions would be super welcome.
[kerbal space program]	I originally posted this in another subreddit, but it was suggested that I post here!   So my boyfriend's oldest son is into gaming and I'm looking for suggestions on new (to him) games that I can pick up for him.  He just turned 12... A very smart and kind of a serious kid, and has traditionally been into "space engineers" like Roblox and Minecraft, but he's getting to the age where he may want to branch out and try new stuff. He says he would like to try shooters.  As far as ratings go, I'm looking for stuff a little tamer than M. When Portal was suggested, he said it was "creepy" and I'm not super sure about throwing him into the multiplayer shooter scene quite yet.  Looking for any suggestions that you think may fit a kid like this. Willing to buy from Steam, GOG or Xbox Live (he's got an xbone) Doesn't necessarily have to be brand new games, can be older classic games.  Willing to hear any and all suggestions for this super sweet and kinda nerdy kid.
[dark messiah]	I will rate these following games from 1-10 1 being the worst and 10 being the best game I have played and hopefully you guys can recommend me some games similar to what I like.   Sniper Elite 3 : 5, got way too repetitive after a while   Batman Arkham Asylum: 8  Batman Arkham City : 8  Batman Arkham Origins: playing atm  Batman Arkham Knight: Will play soon   Max Payne 3: 7   Hitman Absolution : 8  Hitman Bloodmoney: 9   COD Black Ops (storymode) : 6, kinda repetitive   GTA IV : 7  GTA SA : 9   That's about it.   I seem to like stealth games although in both hitman games I killed a lot of people and got terrorist, psychopath ratings XD.  I seem to like action RPG games I think.  help pls! thx   Update: FOR PC   Update 2: Some people recommended assassins' creed 2 and 3, but IDK if they are worth playing
[south park]	Now I have tried the classic Final Fantasy games but there is a way too heavy emphasis on story for me (I give zero shits for stories in video games even if they're good) and the gameplay is a bit slow and complicated. I've also tried Angry Birds Epic but it's dragged down by being always online, annoying microtransactions, running slowly on my phone and being a bit oversimplified. I want a game where there are different characters to pick for your team (I don't like games with the same characters locked all the time and no customizability), preferably lots of content (enemies, items, locations, abilities and such) and a well executed combat system. Looking nice wouldn't hurt either. I would most like it to be available on PC in some way other than emulation and relatively cheap. Any ideas?
[knights and merchants]	Like the title suggest I am looking for a strategy game that I've played 10 years ago.  Unfortunately I can't remember too much details, but I guess it was awesome because his finding is haunting me since then.  What I know is that it was focused on civilization development rather than military assault (at least this was the demo played by me ten years ago).  What impressed me back then were the animations happened on different buildings. For example you could see the lumberjack getting out of his cabin and start chopping wood, the butcher had pigs behind his home and cut them one by one when they grow up and the same goes for the other building/profession.  One other aspect that I remember and I guess is quite important in finding this game is that all the workers took regular breaks and drink bear or eat ham at a inn.  I am sorry that I can't provide other useful information but this is what I remember (and the logo of the game I think it was something yellow but I am not sure).  If you could suggest maybe other games in the same genre it would be great. I love strategy games but I am not that much of a fan when it comes to military conquest so to speak. I guess I am more of a pacifist :D
[tearaway unfolded, kirby's epic yarn, yoshi]	I'm not really into console or computer games, but I recently completed Yoshis Wooly World and it was the first time I *loved* a game since I was a little kid. What a great feeling!  I love that it's not too fast paced and stressful, there's no clock ticking away like in Mario games.  I love the balance between simply running, timing your actions and tackling enemies, and looking around for things you need to collect, figuring out little puzzles, etc.  The visual style and calming music is awesome.  I guess I'm looking for another game that's relaxing after a long day, takes a good while to complete (feels like you have a little project going on), and has a nice atmosphere in terms of music and design.  I have a Nintendo Wii U and access to a Playstation 4.  Anyone have any ideas?
[etrian odyssey]	One of my favorite part of the older Final Fantasy games is figuring out where the real challenging bosses are. Not the end bosses, but the secret ones that you really have to go out of your way to find. Often, those bosses, and the monsters in that area, are far stronger than the ones in the main story.  I want a turn based combat system. I don't care if it's traditional, active, tactical, or whatever, as long as it's turn based.  Basically I want something where grinding is necessary to complete the main story but if you go all out with the grinding there is still a challenge somewhere waiting for you.  A few examples:  * **Final Fantasy 8 &amp; 9:** There are secret bosses in the world waiting for you to find them, but they aren't part of the main story. The main story requires some grinding but if you wanna beat the secret monsters you really gotta prepare.  * **Pokemon Heart Gold:** Red at the top of Mt. Silver is a good example of this.  I don't really want any FF or Pokemon games though, since I'm really familiar with those series. I'd like something new!  I don't care if it's an old game or a new one, and I don't care what console it's on either, so feel free to suggest anything that fits the bill!
[ghost trick]	 If a story is good I overlook every other aspect in games.    Could you suggest single player games in any genre(RPG, adventure, interactive movie, visual novel, etc) available in PC?  1. That has a great plot. It is more important than characters. I don't mind cliche as long as storytelling is great.   2. Storytelling is more direct than circumstantial. I prefer cutscene/movie filled games as in Dragon Age series rather than games where you have to gather background stories and infer a conclusion from those as in Bioshock or Dark Souls.   3. This is not necessary but I prefer a darker/realistic tone than a humourous/light tone in stories.      I've listed games that could come up as suggestions but that I've already played below. Games that I really enjoyed are marked with *.     All Bioware Games*   (From BG to ME and DA)   All Black Isle/Obsidian games*   Fallout Series   The Witcher Series*   All Betheda games   Bioshock series   Metal Gear Solid series   999/zero escape*   Game of Thrones RPG*   All Telltale Games*   Expedition: Conquistador*   Banner Saga   Deponia Series   GTA series   Dragon Commander*   Alpha Protocol   Analogue Hate Story   Arcanum   Broken Sword 5   Cinders*   Consortium   Dear Esther   Deus Ex Human Revolution*   To the Moon   Fault Milestone One Milestone Two   Gone Home   Mafia 2   Of Orcs and Men   Phantom of Inferno*   Fate/Stay Night*   Saya no Uta*   Portal 1, 2   Sleeping Dogs   STEINS;GATE   The Dark Eye Series   Tomb Raider 2013*   Unrest   Valkyria Chronicle*   Wasteland 2   Vampire - The Masquerade Bloodlines    
[darksiders]	Hi everyone, I'm finding it really hard to find any games along the lines of DMC / Shadow of Mordor / Batman etc ("hack n slash").  List of games I've played that are the type I'm looking for:  - Batman games (all of them)  - Devil May Cry (all of them)  - Shadow Of Mordor  - Castlevania: Lords of shadow 2 (didn't really like it)  - Dark souls  - Sleeping Dogs  - Ryse Son Of Rome  - Bayonetta  - Dragonball Xenoverse  - Assassin's Creed (not much of a fan)  - Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance.  - Bloodborne   As you can see I love combat / combo based games. I've already pre-purchased Transformers: Devastation which is another game in the style I like. Any suggestions would be appreciated.
[never alone (kisima ingitchuna)]	I recently completed Brothers: A tale of Two sons. Live steamed the whole thing in a single breathtaking ~3 hour sitting. It was possibly the best game I've ever experienced.  Unique control scheme that could be picked up with very little instruction, ideal puzzles difficulty that kept me engaged but didn't interrupt the flow of the narrative, gripping characters and character progression. Did a shitty review [here](https://, for those who might be interested  Anyway, I'd never really heard much about it. Got me wondering how many other truly moving games I've missed in the past. The kind that can get you engrossed by just throwing you in.  Games where the story isn't just spoken, but played through with interesting mechanics and beautiful aesthetics.  Preferably PC so I can upload them.  Got pointed here from /r/truegaming, new to this sub so apologies if I messed something up.
[guild wars, fable 2]	My SO wants to play a game but she has a few things she is looking for. ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________  Here are the three main things she wants in a game:  1. Fantasy setting  2. Female protagonist (doesn't have to be exclusively female, character creation with female options is fine)  3. Good/Epic story  ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________  In terms of "epic story" she basically wants something similar to Lord of the Rings. A fantasy world that she has to save from some great evil, but she wants something that isn't LotR.  She doesn't care if it's a new or old game.  Any platform, except for handhelds is fine (console or PC).  I'm thinking Elder Scrolls and Dragon Age could be good, but I'd like some other suggestions, thanks!
[out of order]	I remember playing this game a number of years ago. I downloaded it for free off the internet. It was a point and click game with retro style graphics that I think was reminiscent of secret of monkey island etch, but was made more recently as an indie title. The story was about a guy who was abducted by aliens from his bedroom and had to get back to earth from their ship. I'd really like to play it again but can't find it online. Oddly, I remember the website had a background with a pixilated brick pattern. I think the name may have been something odd like "ERROR" but that certainly didn't help with my search at all.  
[just cause 2]	I got hit by a wave of nostalgia remembering back when my sister and I would spend hours taking turns trying to fly under bridges consecutively (sometimes upside-down if I remember right). I can't even remember what game in particular this was from, but we also wasted tons of time flying around in Super Mario 64 and Halo.  GTA V has given me some of that enjoyment, but the setback every time you crash and have to get to a new plane hampers the fun a bit.  Can anyone suggest other good games where you can just goof off with a plane? Looking to play something modern-ish, but I'd love to hear about the older ones, too.
[spectral souls: resurrection of the ethereal empires, aedis eclipse: generation of chaos, brave story: new traveler, jeanne d'arc, wild arms xf, hexyz force, persona 3, disgaea 2]	Hi all, I'm thinking of buying my girlfriend a PSP for Christmas with a bunch of games. For the last 10 years she's been playing exclusively Nintendo consoles and in particular JRPGs. She played every single JRPG on the original DS above a certain review score, and she was complaining to me recently that she's found the line-up of games for the 3DS to be somewhat lackluster. But I've heard that the PSP is a great platform for JRPGs, so here's what I'm after:  - JRPGs for the PSP which are **not** also on the DS/3DS - Turn based combat - she doesn't like to have to react fast to things - Classic JRPG style is best, fantasy (though not exclusively - she loves Chrono Trigger), top down perspective, random battles, the whole shebang. - Bonus if it has a good French language localisation, but English would do fine too.  Any suggestions?
[persona 3]	Hello, I am looking for some JRPG games, and while I have been looking through the list of good JRPG games for PSX, PS2, PS3, PC and so forth, I am looking for input on the most universally loved JRPG's out there.  **Things I usually like:**   - Open world or the possibility of travelling back and forth between places, kind of like many of the Final Fantasy games do it.   - I like side quests, usually means more stuff to do and more hours to invest.   - I like the classic turn-based battle system.  **Things I usually dislike:**   - Futuristic setting/Real world, usually hi-tech with robots (Which many of the newer FF games focus on. I really don't like the feel of that)   - I usually don't like 2D JRPG games (Usually from before Nintendo 64 and PSX)   **I have played;**   - Final Fantasy VII (Didn't like this at all)   - Final Fantasy IX (My favourite of all time, so many side quests and secrets to do, moving story and good battle system)   - Final Fantasy X (I liked this one, however I felt like it was a step in the wrong direction in terms of travelling and side-quests)   - Ni Nu Kuni (Really good game and potentially one of the newer JRPG's I actually like, had a nice diversity being something both young and older people could play)    - Chrono Cross (Really good game with probably one of the best stories I've seen so far)   - Dark Cloud 1 and 2 (Really interesting Dungeon Crawler/RPG which easily is one of my favourite games of all time, it's vastly different to other JRPG's but still had the very best things from RPG games)   Been thinking about picking up Final Fantasy 8, but that's about it.
[dark messiah]	Hi there reddit! I'm looking for a game with realistic swords and sword fighting. I hate paddle like xmas tree stuff swords like in many mmos and rpgs. I've a PC,PS4,PS3,X360,3DS and all other consoles that can be emulated would be fine like ps2 or psp.    I've played Souls series (Demon's, dark 1,2, bloodborne), Dragon Age series, Elder Scrolls series, Chivalry, Gothic 1&amp;2 and a lot of other well known AAA Rpgs. I don't mind graphics but I do mind aesthetics.  Thank you for your suggestions!   EDIT : I should have added Witcher series and Mount &amp; Blade to the games I already played since those are one of the prime examples for the games I'm looking, sorry!  
[dragon quest]	**What I like:**  * Character customization (stat augmentation, job system)  * Fun character-specific abilities (Sabin's Blitz, Squall's Gunblade, Slots, Tools)  * Nice breaks in the game for side quests or hidden secrets  * Battle animation that reflects weapon/armor changes (not necessary, but cool)  **What I don't like:**  * Live-action battles (Tales, Star Ocean)  * Inevitable character homogenization (everyone double-casts Ultima in the end)  **Games I've liked**   * Final Fantasy I-VIII, XI (not JRPG but I love the job system)  * Chrono Trigger  * Suikoden II  * Final Fantasy Tactics/Tactics 2  * Dragon Warrior Monsters I+2  * Fire Emblem Awakening  * Bravely Default  **Games I didn't like**  * Monster Hunter 4 - not bad, just not for me. The battle system and intricacies felt overwhelming. I liked level progression and changing armor, though.   Basically I prefer beautiful sprite-based art and turn-based battles. Story is not a necessity, as I usually get so deep into character building and grinding I lose the story anyway. I don't have a console/PC, just my tablet (Nexus 7) and 3DSXL. 
[volgarr the viking, shovel knight]	I used to be a hardcore FPS, Moba, MMO enthusiast, CS:GO, Battlefield, Killing Floor, League of Legends, ESO, Neverwinter and more. But I got tired of not being able to pause when I needed to or having to play for hours on end and all that.  I want to play a game where I can just straight out chill, relax and have fun. The game doesn't have to be that interactive, but I still want to do some of it, so no point &amp; click games haha :P  **A few games that are similar to what I'm looking for:**  *Audiosurf  * FEZ  * Besieged  * LIMBO  * Starbound  * Space Engineers  *I'm already extremely bored of Minecraft, but that was a game that used to be one of these games where I could just sit back and relax*  *Edit(s): Formatting fixes, I'm bad at redditing :P*
[far cry 3, talos]	I love sports games but it's not hard to find them obviously, i also like racing games but i already tried Grid Autosport and Dirt Rally (early access) and was really disappointed when i looked up and saw that new NFS got delayed till 2016 spring on PC. I also like FPS,MMOs (currently playing gw2 so i guess im set on that department)Action RPGs (like Skyrim), Third Person shooters or rather action games like Hitman, Max Payne or even GTA 5, not the biggest fan of games like AC though. Anything i could have missed during like last 2-3 years that i should try? The Witcher 3 is the only one on my radar so far.    Doesnt matter if the game is single player or multi player as long as it's good and was released during last 2-3 years.  
[kirby's epic yarn]	My SO is 25 and not a gamer but she has recently started watching me play the odd game such as splatoon and yoshi's wooly world and likes to have a little go herself.  She is terrible and trying to use both analogue sticks at once, even a third person game where she would have to move with the left stick then change the camera position with the right would annoy her so anything like that's out the question :)  Apart from the Mario series, what easy to play fun game could she get into? Nothing too in-depth something she can pick up and play without having to get into story details too much
[endgame, endgame]	I used to love Silkroad Online yeaaars ago and we've come to conclusion we should start playing some kind of MMO.  Lets start with stuff it shouldn't be.   - No monthly subscription. Buy to play is fine, free to play is fine as long as it's not paywalled.  - GW2 is out of option, I played it 'too much' back in launch days.  I wish the game would include good party system. I wish we can play it casually PvE and face some strong bosses that require more than button smashing. Depending how deep we get into game, guilds aren't a bad option either, but I hope the game is playable with just two-three of us.  PvP is not required, but if it's included/suggested I wish it was balanced.  So mainly we just want some nice questing with stalls/AH we can sell our stuff out and that we can build a strong enough composition with two players.  We've been checking out TERA but I hear the EU side is bit dead-ish?
[gorky 17]	Hey all,  So before a long time I was at my cousins home (he is like 10 years older than me, but we are out of touch right now so I cant ask him) and he had a game which I cant remember the name of but I would love to know and perhaps go play it, so I hope you will be able to help me out given my rather hazy recollection (Do note we are going back to the period 1995-2005 (I am uncertain of the exact time)) (I don't think the game was X-com or Fallout, even through the description might sound like it):  What I do remember:  based combat 2.Control of numerous characters  of modern weapons   think there was some kind of inventory system  atmosphere was dark as far as I remember (It could be that I just saw a very limited amount of the game and that there where less dark parts)  do remember there was a certain progression where my cousin would first be on open terrain, thereafter he would go into a building, where he would reach the basement (enemies mostly humans as far as I remember) and from the basement he would go into a sub terrain environment (enemies mostly big monsters (aliens?)) as far as I remember.   think at least at one point there was a large tank of green goo which exploded upon being shot   If anyone would have an idea what this game could be, I thank you for any feedback! 
[eve online]	I'd be interested in games which have interesting mechanics for siege warfare that go beyond "storm the walls/sally out" or "the enemy will surrender due to starvation in x days. Hit "next turn" or sleep for a while, and it will be x - 1 days!" with more room for things like threats, bargaining, epidemics among besiegers and besieged, betrayal, subterfuge, scorched earth strategies among defenders in preparation for sieges, careful shepherding of declining resource reserves, etc.  Anyone know of interesting games that include that?
[don't starve together]	Hi there,  We are looking for a new co-op survival game to play and I'm surprised there are so few good ones out there.  We've already played ARK Survival Evolved and liked it, but got to a point where you can't co-op it any more because the grind means you have to join a large tribe.  I loved (LOVED) Miasmata, and The Long Dark, but they are single player only. We both love Minecraft (but played it to death).  We tried 7 days to die and The Forest and didn't particularly like them. They both felt like they could be good once they are done but the Early Access version just didn't feel enough to keep us engaged.  Novus Inceptio looks interesting, but in it's current stage it is single-player only..  We've heard of Rust but I've read so many bad things about it that I'm not sure if I should try it.  Are there any other gems out there that I haven't tried yet?
[mass effect]	Did you ever feel like you really want for a game to overtake you for days, but anything you try to play you loose interest into after a few hours.  I'm looking for help to find an inspiring PC game. It doesn't have to be like anything I played before. As you will see I like quite a wide variety of game genres. It can but it doesn't have to be competitive or online. Single players are fine. Indie games are fine as ling as they are not square-like graphics  from 20 years ago. I like games to have at least some graphic quality. Horror games are out of the question.  Three games I really played for years but aren't doing it for me no more are: EVE-online, DOTA 2, Footbal Manager.  Other titles I really liked: Counter Strike, Starcraft, Rome Total War, WoW, Project Reality, BF Bad Company, Need for Speed, Civilization Beyond Earth and old Civ. 3.  Some titles I found recently I liked but didn't quite do it for me: Port Royal 3, Warframe, Neverwinter Nights, War Thunder, Mech Warriors online, Ghost Recon Phantoms, Tera, H1Z1, Cities Skylines.  You will notice that there are no story-driven play-through games mentioned here but I am open to those too. I kinda liked Splinter Cell, Watchdogs, Metal gear solid, Assasin's Creed, old Resident Evil...
[risk of rain]	I am looking for a game where you get achievements (a mix of easy/difficult would be nice!) and the achievements affect the game.   Not looking just for games with achievements you can go for and brag about like CK2, or games that affect a "meta score", like Xbox's GamerPoints, but something where if you get an achievement, the game gives you a little boost or benefit (or a big one).  For reference, see STALKER Call of Pripyat's achievements: http://  Each of these achievements give you some tangible benefit in the game, even if its just lowering vendor prices. Even games with achievements that affect vanity would be of interest, but I would prefer ones that affect gameplay.   As usual, if I'm asking for something that doesn't really exist (outside of STALKER), apologies and thank you for your time spent reading my post.
[mass effect]	Hello /r/gamingsuggestions!  I'm searching for a new RPG to sink some time into and just haven't been able to find anything that sticks.  What I'm looking for in a RPG is mostly being able to create my own character and to feel him or her getting stronger, much like you can do in the Souls series and Bloodborne, although I've already completed all of those games.   I'm not restricted to singleplayer games only though, MMOs are a big interest of mine, though I can't really seem to find any will to play any of those I've played before like WoW, FFXIV:ARR/HW, Wildstar and Tera.  So if anyone got a suggestion for me I would love to check it out! Oh, and I'm not a very big fan of isometric RPGs as I don't want to play as a group, I only want to play as one character.  
[the vanishing of ethan carter, the old city: leviathan, no man's sky, dear esther, ether one, kholat, myst]	Hey, so I have been doing a lot of research on finding new games, and am wondering if anyone has suggestions. I want something like proteus, which is one of the games I found in my search. I like games that are visually pleasing and different. I don't really like combat, but I am perfectly happy with walking around for hours exploring a new cool world. I don't want anything too difficult, or where you can die, just a nice peaceful beautiful game. I also like games in space, where you can maybe land on alien planets and explore, but keep in mind I am mostly looking for a cool art style. Anyone got any tips? Thanks!
[strategy games, smidge]	I am really bad at playing games but I really want to get into it.   I have tried things like Starcraft 2 and civilization. I like the concept of Starcraft but you have to somehow fully know the game and do everything in a specific order to the second to get anywhere. Civilization, I just can't understand the whole turn based concept. Subsequently I cannot get to grips with how things work correctly or get to any level where I can enjoy a game against simple AI let alone playing against real people.  I am trying to find a game that has a really good tutorial that teaches the game in full, something that you don't have to be the best of the best to play against other people.  So... any recommendations?  Thanks
[elite: dangerous, gta v]	What he likes:  - Some weapons/shooting with moderate amount of skill required(he used to play the old tomb raider ALOT)  - Like having a slight advantage over his opponents (Doesn't mind dying, but doesn't like being sent all the way back to the beginning)  - Likes 3rd person shooters over 1st person  - Little bit of strategy  - Not highly complicated!!!  - Also likes flying games, ones with moderate combat(he loves flight sim)  Please reccomend games! I was thinking portal, but I don't now if he will be into it. I tried setting him up with the new tomb raider, but he never played it! Thanks!
[metroid prime trilogy, dragons dogma]	So I'm looking for games that involve an open-ended story telling approach. The best example are the Soul's games. The story is not delivered explicitly but rather subtly through level and item design. **The most important thing, to me is that the game encourages you to have your own theories regarding the plot and/or backstory.** Here are a few examples I can think of.   Demon's Souls  Dark Souls  Bloodborne  Portal   Lisa trilogy   I'll make sure to add more if I think of them. If you guys can suggest some titles I havent played, that would be awesome.   Edit: Oh I should mention; at the moment I only have PC (and by extension some emulation, I guess) as an option.
[tomb raider]	I will give ratings (1-10; 10 being one of the best games I have played) on these games and hopefully you will be able to suggest games.   **Batman Arkham Series** : All were 8 or 9 (except for Arkham Knight for the obvious reason)  **Shadow of Mordor** 8; borderline 8 or a very high 7  **Hitman Bloodmoney**: 8-9   **Hitman Absolution**: 8   **Manhunt 2**: couldn't finish; was boring to me  **Max Payne 3**: probably 7   **GTA IV**: 8   **GTA SA**: 9  **Sleeping dogs**: Couldn't even finish the game; was pretty boring to me  **Skyrim**: Didn't finish because I messed up during the quest by hitting Hirgon on accident and didn't feel like continuing   **Mad Max**: couldn't finish; was boring to me   **Sniper Elite 3**: 6  **Dragon Age Inquisition**: couldnt finish; was boring to me  **Assassins' Creed 2**: couldn't finish; was boring to me  **COD Black Ops**: couldn't finish; was boring to me  Type of Game I think I like: a bit of stealth, combat fighting like in arkham series, a bit of shooting, flying, a bit of adventure.   I know in the title it says action adventure games but you can recommend me games based on the ratings/couldn't finish even if the they are not action/stealth/adventure based. THANKS!      
[final fantasy 15, axiom verge, bloodborne, scalebound, scalebound, road trip, this game, pc gamer, know how, xbox, xbox, ff14]	First off, not sure if this is the sub I should be posting this in, but i was hoping y'all would be able to help me regardless lol. So as the title states, i need help making the decision between the ps4 and the xbone.  I was wondering if y'all could list pros and cons or incentives to getting one console over the other, in particular I'd love it if y'all could help me compile a list of console exclusive games, such as Street Fighter 5, or Destiny.  I suppose a little background on myself may be of a little help: I'm currently in my 3rd year as an undergraduate studying chemistry at an undisclosed university :P that being said, I also believe it should be taken into consideration that this will be my busiest year in college, so I dont even know if it's worth it to buy a next gen console now. In the previous gen I was an xbox360 user, for no particular reason other than practically all of my friends had one as well and we would usually play online with eachother. As a result, I have a few of my favorite 360 games, like Mirror's Edge and Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3; and i have absolutely no ps3 games. I mention that because i've heard that the xbone is getting backwards compatibility. I'm currently leaning towards getting the ps4, but one caveat is that my college roommate has one of his own sitting in our livingroom, and another is that my girlfriend is urging me to get the one, since her brother has the one himself. I've used both systems before, and personally i HATE the UI of the xbone, i feel like its very slow and user-unfriendly compared to that of the xbox 360 and I hate that you have to waste memory installing every disk that you get, onto your hard drive, but i do like the relatively lax sharing of games with your friends. One last point is that the 1TB memory&amp;cool looking controller for the one is really appealing to me, but at the same time im a huge star wars fan and kinda want that exclusive ps4, but at the end of the day, im really just looking to get what's more worth it, and will give me the most bang for my buck in the long run  That's all I can think if sharing for now but if anyone has any more questions, feel free to comment. Thanks in advance for the help! TL;DR  PS4 Or Xbone? Compel me with console exclusives &amp; pros and cons pls
[xbox one]	so,i currently have a good gaming pc capable of handling any title but i'm really interested in the console exclusives.  I played most of Halo games and loved them and because of that i was thinking of getting an xbox one to play halo 5 but at the same time i like the exclusives that ps4 has and will have in the future such as the last of us and uncharted 4. The question is,since i already have a good gaming pc and i really love multiplayer titles because of its competitivness but i also don't dislike the "realxing" playing of a story game (uncharted etc...) which one should i buy? Also consider i would play destiny on either consoles. I have friends that have or PS4 or XBO so the friend thing doesnt affect me  Is halo 5 worth buying an XBOX one?or should i go for the PS4?  Another thing i keep in minbd is the  really dont liek to spend a bunch of money on them,most of all on accesories like controllers,subscription to gold or plus etc...
[mass effect 2]	**edit: FOR PC**  I like to think I really enjoy a good story, but for over a year I have had trouble really diving into anything. Recently I just keep coming back to Rocket League. I just haven't felt connected or emotionally invested in a game since Bioshock Infinite.  I am looking for something similar to the Bioshock series, where I felt connected to the characters and story, and it didn't take much patience with exploring and side quests.   I have played Mass Effect and at least half of ME 2. I'm tempted to pick up ME 2 again but I don't have my save files (not a big deal) and I'm not sure I have the patience to explore the world (a bigger deal). I'm also tempted by The Witcher 3 but I wasn't a *huge* fan of The Witcher 2. Not that I have any criticisms of the game, but with all the lore I found it to be a bit much for me. I couldn't keep up with it.  Deus Ex seems like it might also be a contender but from my understanding it's more along the size and scope of Mass Effect than Bioshock, so again, I may be lacking the time and patience to really dive into it.
[just cause, farcry 3]	I've been playing Minecraft with fancy shader packs for the last few days, and I love it. It looks [like this](http:// instead of [this](http:// It's sunny, it's bright, it's colorful, it's actually quite beautiful (I never thought I'd say that about Minecraft). Walking through my world like that puts a smile on my face. Sadly it also cuts two thirds off my framerate.  I'm looking for more bright and colorful games, with sunshine and shadow, ideally with pretty sceneries.  Half-Life 2 and HL2 Episode 2 came to my mind. While not having impressive graphics from a purely technical point of view, the lighting makes some of those outdoor areas look pretty great. It's more like an dampened evening sun, though. I also remember a pretty sunrise in Crysis.
[mass effect]	Hi!  So being someone who's queer there's not a whole lot of representation for me in video games. Not to say that there isn't any at all, just that there's not a lot.  Luckily for that's changing which makes me really happy, so I was wondering what games can you guys think of that have queer or LGBT characters in them, among the examples including gay/lesbian, bi/pan/asexual, trans and non-binary characters and so on and so forth.  Any and all suggestions would be greatly appreciated.  I've got a PS3, my brothers XBOX 360, a 3DS and a Wii U, a PSP, I'll be getting a PS4 next week and I plan on getting a really high end gaming laptop down the road preferably before Christmas.  Thank you or the suggestions everyone!  Edit:  I'd preferably like newer games that I can access, and/or games that have queer characters as main/supporting/non-player characters just so they have their own interactions.  Thank you!  So far the list of games-to-play include:  Dragon Age series (in no particular order), Life is Strange, Gone Home
[destiny of an emperor, nes]	I'm looking for a game similar to old-school DQ games. I'm mostly referring to DQ 1-4 on the NES.  I know the old Final Fantasy games might be similar to that, but I'd like to hear other suggestions.  _________________________________________________________________________________  The main things I want from the games are the following:  1. Having to talk to NPCs to figure things out ( hearing rumors that I have to write down)  2. A sense of freedom, but also of danger when I'm not strong enough to wander far from town.  3. Lots of grinding!  _________________________________________________________________________________  The game itself doesn't have to be old, but I want something similar in style gameplay-wise.  Any console or PC is fine by me.
[evil genius]	I love games where i get to build a growing base. Not like an RTS where each mission i build a new one. Also not looking for a new 4x. Im eyeballing planetbase to buy tomorrow, also thinking about getting rimworld its a little pricey though.  Also looking for non multiplayer, i play at work and would rather not get ganked when i get a ticket! Pause buttons people, i like pause buttons!  **Single player only please!**   **Games like these below i currently own:**  * craft the world  * darkest dungeon (im not enough of a masochist to play this ever again)  * dont starve  * skyrim modded  * the forest  * FTL to an extent  * prison architect  * project zomboid  * Fallout NV modded  * CIV 5   * space engineers  * state of decay  * terraria  * this war of mine  * xcom  * minecraft     What are some more base building games?
[battleblock theater]	Hi everyone,   I'm trying to share my passion for gaming with my girlfriend, so i'm coming to you for some advice on some fun games we can play together.   She doesn't have much experience with video games, but somehow i've got her to pick up league of legends. She really enjoys it and has gotten pretty good at it.  I, on the other hand, have been playing since the N64 days. I've tried every console since. I wouldn't consider myself a hardcore gamer, but i'm definitely very experienced and can pick up any title with ease.   Now to the point. We're looking for a game that we can both enjoy on Xbox360 or on PC that we can casually play together. Ideally a game that we can both enjoy, that's not too complex (she's really bad at FPSs).   LoL is fun and we play together often, but sometimes there's a lot of pressure, and anyways we can't play together at home because my internet refuses to have 2 people playing at once  Thanks in advance!  **EDIT:**   For the xbox we're looking for a split screen game.   As for PC, either split screen or online co-op (I've got a spare keyboard, so split screen won't be too bad)
[unreal world, out there, rimworld]	I've tried Planetbase, wasn't my cup of tea. Dwarf fortress is just plain too complicated for me to be bothered to want to play it. I'm looking for games where you build a base a defend it, with (optionally) elements of finding food, supplies etc to build and survive.  I quite enjoy Rust, Project Zomboid, and games like that. But I'd like the game to lean more to the base-building side rather than senseless violence and more survival-ey gameplay.  EDIT: Thanks so much for all the suggestions!  I'd still appreciate more, and if you want to add your bit to someone else's suggestion, feel free! Gonna make a list of pre-mentioned games so it's easier to figure out what i've already got/getting  Rimworld (Getting. ASAP.)  7 Days to Die (Not my cup of tea.)  Banished (Already own, re-installing.)  Minecraft (Already own, not gonna play.)  Gnomoria (Getting soon.)   Rebuild (Already own. Still play :D)  State of Decay (Nah. I don't like it.)  KeeperRL (Maybe.)  The Forest (Lolno.)  Survivalist (PFFT. Nope.)  H1Z1 (Eeeh, maybe.)  ARK: Survival Evolved (Looks interesting, keeping an eye on the price.)  Planetbase (Didn't really like it in it's current stage. If it changes at all I'll re-visit.)    
[the sims]	I know two games (if you can call them that) which demonstrate an interesting technique.  **[Progress Quest](https://** allowed you to create a character and then watch it "progress" through a stereotypical RPG playthrough: do quests, kill monsters, receive gold and XP, level up, buy stuff. I don't think there was an ending to the game. It was pretty fun to check in on your character and see how many levels they got while you were away.  **[TechnoSphere](https://** was an obscure online evolution simulation from the early 00s. You started by building a "creature" by combining different body parts and releasing it into the wild. The creature would hunt, graze, mate, run away from other creatures. You could track the offspring, see creatures ranked by stats (fastest, strongest), etc. I think there was even a 3D view, but my Internet connection was too slow to watch it.  I was wondering, are there more games that use this technique: create a character and then watch it?
[eve online]	Basically, i used to play a game called arenas of glory back in the day. Extremely basic free browser game but i really enjoyed the risk reward aspect they had.   Basically you were a gladiator entering a arena with npcs, players and crates with potential silver. Silver and kills were multiplied through some formula to calculate the reward you get when leaving the arena. If you got killed in the arena, you left only with the silver, no multiplier. High incentive for long runs obviously, im looking for something with a similar mechanic
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r., metro 2033]	My first post here, so please don't kill me  I'm looking for a new game to play, since i've completed most of my older ones, but i don't know anything, so maybe you guys can enlighten me  -I loved Bioshock 1 and 2(infinite not so much tho) and Metro 2033 and Last light, and was looking for something along those lines:  -something post-apocalyptic would be very nice, not necessary though  -FPS game would be preferred.  -It must have a good story, gameplay can be anywhere from okay to good  -Atmosphere is probably my favourite part about those games, so anything that creates a good atmosphere is highly preferred  I was already looking into the fallout series and dead space, are these any good?  Thanks! 
[minecraft]	I'm looking for some computer games my SO and I can play together online. The problem is I play video games a lot more than she does, and as a result every game we try, I'm usually way better than her.  This ends with her getting destroyed if we play against each other or against other people online, or me completing everything before she gets to it if we play cooperatively.  Castle Crashers and Heroes of the Storm are the only two games we've played together recently without these issues, but her internet can't handle Heroes very well.  At a guess, I think the role-based gameplay of Heroes and the brawling style of Crashers makes it more important for the fun-having that each person is playing the game, while still rewarding playing well. What other games could we try? 
[pillars of eternity, pillars of eternity, baldur's gate, baldur's gate]	Hi, so I'm looking to play a RPG which has a heavy focus on magic classes. I've played Skyrim and Magika but neither of those really hit the mark.  Ideally it would be a game where not everyone can use magic and it's a rare talent, but I know that's getting a bit specific so anything that has a heavy focus on magic or spell-casting systems would be great! It doesn't have to be modern (I actually prefer a lot of older RPG's) but anything that meets that criteria would suffice.   EDIT: Forgot to mention I'm on PC.
[planetbase, outpost 2]	I've been playing some Civilization: Beyond Earth now that the new expansion is out, and it's been making me long for something a little more fine-grained. I remember playing Outpost 2: Divided Destiny a lot when I was a kid, constructing habitats and managing morale, connecting buildings with tubeways, and dreading the appearance of lava flows or the blight.   Have any good games in this category come out in the last few years? Building up a fledgling colony on a distant world where the planet itself is the source of your challenge and hardship, managing food production, industry, etc.? Like Banished in space, I guess.
[rebel galaxy, freelancer, eve online, get away]	Privateer is one of my all-time-favourite games, even though I never cared much for the space combat instead more for the trading/ship-upgrading-component of the game. So I'm wondering if there's a trading game, set in space, but minus the combat (or at least sans 3D space combat). I'm imagining a top down view on a huge galaxy, where you zoom to stellar systems and ultimately planets/space stations and steer your ship/fleet to set up trading routes for max profit and expanding your trading empire.   Don't care if the game is new or old, but preferably OSX-compatible, though that's not a deal-breaker.   Any ideas? Thanks!
[psychonauts]	So, instead of going on and on I about "what I like" I figured I could just post my top ten of all time since I know them by heart. My top five and bottom five are fairly interchangable so here it goes. Tell me some more stuff I may like :)  TOP FIVE:  Killer 7, Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater, Mega Man X, Dark Souls, Shadow of the Colossus  BOTTOM FIVE:  Castlevania "NES", No More Heroes 1/2, Monster Hunter Freedom Unite/4, Okami, Resident Evil 4  When it comes to these games I honestly can't say I why I like them as much as I do, I know I like Killer 7 due to the amazing sountrack, sound design, and atmosphere along with the interesting and very open ended story tied together with the unique and fun gameplay. Killer 7 has this incredible and surreal world and srtistic design that I loved every part of. MGS3 is just a great survival/stealth game, it has amazing characters, an amazing story that isn't as hard to swallow as the past MGS games "Don't get me wrong though, I love that whole series like it's my life", it's inredible soundtrack, atmosphere, and sound design, and it's incredible survival and stealth based gameplay. Not to mention MGS3 has some AMAZING bosses and likely my favorite final "Boss" of all time. Shadow of the Colossus is amazing due to it's amazing soundtrack, incredible sense of world building, it's amazing artistic design that added to the awe and wonder of the creatures that you encounter and are forced to kill, an dthe very open ended story that you are presented with that adds to the forboding and emoty atmosphere that the game has. Dark Souls, oh boy, Dark Souls... I love the Soulse series, but Dark Souls has a fantastic difficulty on top of a sold combat system that does a good job at utilizing past elements of other RPG's, it's story is amazing as well. It has amazing world building stacked on top of a great soundtrack and some INCREDIBLE boss fights. Mega Man X is just a really solid platformer with some awesome looking characters and absolutely amazing level design (Kinda funny that the one game that I would likely put at the upper end of my top five is the one I have the least to say about).  All in all... I love these games largely due to the amazing use of story telling in that it doesn't present all it's information to you and instead asks for you to create your own answers. Every game on here also plays very, VERY well or at least feels very intuitive. Obviously the story thing doesn't apply to all of them "COUGH COUGH, MONSTER HUNTER, MEGA MAN X, RESIDENT EVIL 4" but they are all great games, and they do all have pretty great soundtracks also.  Edit: The two games that were recommended last time were Transistor and Titan Souls. 
[shadow of mordor]	Overall, I liked Asylum more, it was more atmospheric and cohesive, but City was a lot of fun just zipping from building to building, looking for puzzles (way better puzzles compared to Asylum), much more variety in combat, sidequests to find, etc.  I've also finished Sleeping Dogs, Saints' Row 4 (my first entry, liked the gameplay, 3 up next), Prototype, Witcher 2.   Assassin's Creed 1 bored me immensely. Darksiders 2 got repetitive after a while, Just Cause 2 even more so. Put Red Faction Guerilla on hold due to bugs. GTA isn't quite what I'm looking for. 
[sleeping dogs, gta]	Hey guys I'm a student who would like to take his last years of school a bit more serious so coop and multiplayer games are out of the question.   I like games that have a well-built open world, great story or a challenging and satisfying combat system. It's enough if one of those criteria is fulfilled, though more is always appreciated.  Usually I dislike shooters but there are a few exceptions like Mass Effect, Bioshock and Dead Space. Also strategy games, turn-based games and games that stop the time as a key combat element such as Dragon Age are a huge turn-off for me for various reasons. I don't know whether this applies to Fallout or not, I will try Fallout IV.   Enough with me trying to describe what I'd like, let's just list everything I played and enjoyed:   * Assassin's Creed series   * Batman Arkham series   * Bioshock series   * Castlevania: Lords of Shadows I &amp; II   * Dark Souls I &amp; II   * Deus Ex &amp; Human Revolution   * Darksiders I &amp; II   * Dishonored   * Fahrenheit   * Far Cry III   * GTA V   * Kingdoms of Amalur Reckoning   * Life Is Strange   * Lords of the Fallen   * Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor   * Mount and Blade Warband   * Portal I &amp; II   * Telltale Games' games (most of them)   * TESV Skyrim   * The Witcher series   There are a few games already on my mind: MGSV, Mad Max, Just Cause, Tales of Zestiria and  - can you recommend any of these?   
[dwarf fortress, dungeon crawl, nethack, zork]	And any suggestions to mods to add to the game to make it more realistic, difficult, visually stunning, etc... would be appreciated.  I've played the following games so do not suggest....  -All the elder scrolls games  -All the witcher games  -Fallout 3  -The entire mass effect series  -Entire assassins creed series  -Dragons Dogma  -Entire dragon age series  -Deus X series  -Mount and Blade series  -Stalker series    I'm looking for something along those lines, that perhaps I've overlooked, or something newer I haven't heard about yet.
[divinity: original sin , frozen synapse]	I usually play couch co-op with my husband (I think our romance first started with Baldur's Gate...).  But also am addicted to Elder Scroll games (Morrowind was my first true love).   I love open world games, RPG's, levelling characters, simulation games... but I need a game that I can happily quit after an hour playing (I have things I need to do in life at the moment, and can't spend my entire weekend playing the game which I completely do with Elder Scrolls).  I also don't like games that are too hard - I like to enjoy a game then spend hours dying and re-doing the same part until you get it correct (yes, I am one of those horrible people who used rosebud;! for sims)   I have a PS3, older games are good as I can get them cheap second hand.  I also have a PC but due to arthritic hands find using a mouse/keyboard problematic at times so prefer the PS3, unless there is a PC only game that is totally worth it.   thanks in advance. 
[the long dark]	I'd like to find a survival game where it's open world, perhaps an MMO (but doesn't have to be), and is not pay-to-win or generally easy. It could involve zombies/monsters or not, but mainly I want to play a game where ammo is NOT around every corner and you can't just run around killing everything.  Ideally it would have firearms/weapons, but like I said, I don't want this to be a game where 1 hour in I have 600 rounds. I'd like to play something where you have to be resourceful to do well. The only way you can get food/water/guns etc. are by completing difficult and risky tasks. Are there any games like this?
[fable 2]	I prefer a good fantasy western RPG (MMO or not) with real-time combat, and good character customization (I like to play "hybrids" mage/warrior characters)    - Games I played and liked :     Dragon:age (Love the Arcane Warrior there)  The Elderscrolls : Morrowind , Oblivion and Skyrim (as Spellsword)  The Witcher 2/3  Dragon's dogma  Kingdom of Amalur (very flashy game)  WoW (I liked playing druids and enhancement shamans, AKA battlemages) or even Dark Souls (it doesn't have all of the RPG elements but the combat choices makes up for it)  - Games I didn't like despite being good games on their own :  Divinity:original sin and Pillars of Eternity because I prefer fast-paced real-time combat. (I love everything else about them tho)    - Games I didn't like :  Rift, despite the very good character customization, the graphics are too bland, even if playing magic users you don't feel like one because special effects are almost non-existant in this game.  TLDR : - Action real-time combat - Flashiness - Battlemages -PC games
[evil genius]	I really like the macro-style type gameplay where you dont have to control large amounts of units. You're more just controlling a city while just giving your units general commands.  Examples of games I dont want;  * Starcraft/Warcraft = too much unit management  * Total War = Most of the gameplay is in the battles and I usually just do auto-battle cause I prefer just managing the cities.  * Age of Mythology = Same as starcraft/warcraft  * Age of Empires= Same as starcraft/warcraft  Basically, I like strategy games that aren't centered on combat. I enjoy the politics, economy, and etc.
[euro truck simulator, elite: dangerous]	I want to haul cargo from A to B in a spaceship. But I'd rather it have a good / fair progression. I find that Eve Online is simply too risky / time-consuming, I don't want to be hugely frustrated after playing the game. I also don't like what I hear about the new game, Elite Dangerous, but I sorta enjoy Rebel Galaxy, however it seems a bit shallow?  Also I don't know about the X3 series, there seems to be a lot of apologists but from my understanding the series is not good.  Thoughts ? Am I mistaken with my assumptions ? 
[giana sisters: twisted dreams, cargo: the quest for gravity, trackmania united forever, driver: san francisco, the neverending story, kerbal space program, the end of the world, lili: child of geos, the tiny bang story, the whispered world, age of empires 1, thomas was alone, and yet it moves, age of mythology, adventure games, rayman legends, rayman origins, light fantasy, super hexagon, the space bar, world of goo, race the sun, rock of ages, puzzle quest, playstation, lego worlds, machinarium, upside down, mini ninjas, crazy taxi, botanicula, mario kart, mario kart, all games, this game, this game, this game, this game, the sims, ubisoft, get out, hitman, osmos, pcs]	Hello, my son has his 7th birthday coming up in a couple of weeks. I'd like to get him something gaming related and would love some suggestions as I'm not really aware of all that is out there.   About him: he has an old kindle and plays games like Minecraft, my singing monsters and plants vs zombies. We have a Wii that is quite old and doesn't really work well. He likes skylanders and I got him trap team for the wii when that came out but he struggled with it and lost interest.  I was considering getting him a wii u and the new skylanders but that's a pretty big investment and I don't want to spend all that money if he's not going to use it. The alternative is to maybe get him a new tablet. The Kindle is fine but he can't get a lot of the play store games like pvz 2, Minecraft story mode, the new my singing monsters, etc.   I also considered an xbox but the wii is obviously more kid oriented. Any thoughts or ideas would be greatly appreciated, thanks!
[ultra street fighter iv]	I've never played much in the fighting genre (I think that's the term for it - I'm talking the Mortal Kombat/Street Fighter/Soul Calibur genre) and I'm looking to get started.   Any recommendations about which game to start with? I would prefer to avoid Mortal Kombat as those games tend to be a bit gory/brutal for my taste. For context, I currently have a gaming PC, a PS4, and a Wii U, so it can be a game for any of those systems. If it's on PC, I would prefer a game with native controller support. Since I'm trying a new genre, I'm also looking for a game I can get relatively cheap (&lt;$30).
[undertale]	Long story short, I've been struggling lately, and I want a new game that might help cheer me up. Since I don't have many friends who play video games or anything I tend to play only solo player stuff. I want something cheap because I don't have a whole lot of money, isn't incredibly difficult but is still time/thought consuming, and doesn't have the whole killing/vengance/whatever/violence related thing in it. I've been thinking something like animal crossing, but I don't have a 3DS or anything.   Basically can anyone recommend a cheap, happy kids game for adults?
[brothers: a tale of two sons, dragon warrior monsters, ftl: faster than light, thomas was alone, papers, please, valiant hearts, rogue legacy, this game, grow home]	I am going to be all over the place on this one, so no worries.  I am really conflicted on what to play next, and need some loose suggestions.  I am stuck between four categories, and will give examples and dynamics.  System requirements vary and any of your newfangled devices might be a bit overwhelming.  Just bear with me, if you will?  Category 1: 2D/3D platformers  This includes: Spyro the Dragon, Crash Bandicoot, Tomba!, Jersey Devil, Gex, Klonoa and the like.  I enjoy the aspects of going through a level system, having a reasonable completion system and just being able to jam out while kicking ass/getting new moves to make life easier.    This does not include: Not sure... I love PSX and SNES for this (awmigawd I loved DK I-III) and I am sure somebody has a problem with the categorization here for being too vague and inclusive (sowz)   Category 2: Monster Breeders  This includes: Monster Rancher 2, Dragon Seed, Azure Dreams, Jade Cocoon, Monster Seed,  the Search for Eden, and specifically Pokemon RMXP like Zeta/Omicron and Reborn &lt;3.  I absolutely love these kind of games, and am just so into creating a personal mythology around it and deconstructing the fantasy of the monsters in the game.  I love a good bestiary just for the imaginative properties and bitching about how I would make the game better.   This does not include: Persona (couldn't get into it); Shin Megami (did not dig it), Digimon  Category 3: JRPG's with a good storyline and lots of access to exploration and finding secrets.  This is usually covered so I don't want to exhaust something I can just as easily search on this sub.  I really enjoyed Castlevania SOTN, Legend of Legia, FFX, Threads of Fate, most other FF games, and have not yet tried Xenogears (don't know if I have the time to commit).  I love an RPG with a good story that kinda compels me to get invested and imaginative over bestiary (once again).  Category 4: Misc. Data  This includes work that gets my dopamine pumping, and is typically allocated to games that are difficult, but possible, to break.  This includes exploiting combo breakers, finding that loophole with an underrated team, manipulating the system to just have fun hack and slashing.  It also includes games that are just overall badass or over the top (vague, I know).  I was completely immersed in Parasites Eve the second the opera scene started playing or when I was rocking out Dante in the DMC series.  Stuff like that blows my mind.  I also love fan made games like Mushroom Kingdom Hearts, etc.   Anyway, I am not too particular and pretty open minded.  I am on a time crunch these days and not sure what I can invest.  If you give a suggestion and I turn it down, it is not because I disrespect your suggestion as much as I am trying to make sure i want to take the time to engage.  If you need me to explain myself better (I am reluctant to really invest in much on Reddit and often go for brevity/lurking over quality content at times) feel free to ask away.  Thanks for taking the time to read this and lets see what's up.   Just an extra note: time crunch means more or less that I can stretch out a long game, as long as it has opportunities to save and does not demand hour long gameplay each set. 
[distant worlds]	I've been playing Homeworld, and got me an itch to try some more space games. Suggest games of any genre (except probably RTS since I am playing one, but if its good, do mention it).   I'm hearing a lot of buzz around Rebel Galaxy, Endless Space, Civ: Beyond Earth, Angels Fall First etc. What are you thought on these, or anything more?  Or I should try something older? I was thinking of getting original Freelancer or even older Wing Commander 3, but they seem quite old, and I am recently having hard time playing old games these days (due to playing a lot of modern games, probably?   What is your opinion of Fractured Space?
[path of exile, torchlight 2, titan quest, grim dawn, diablo 3]	Greetings.      I'm looking for a game that is single player, and has the following mechanics:      1. The possibility of finding rare spawns of monsters   2. Looking to grind for rare drops, or hard to get equipment   3. Not pokemon.      Rare spawns like shiny pokemon, rare drops like grinding loot in an mmo. Single player, that isn't pokemon.      Any ideas? I say single player because I don't want to need to talk to people. I'm pretty antisocial lately. I'm looking for a game where I can grind, and enjoy a game that's based more on the mechanics, and less about the story. I want to work for something.      My best example would be Sword Art Online's episode about when the main character finds that Raggu-Rabbit (A rare, S-class food.)      Sorry if I'm not making sense, I'm a little out of it today.      Cheers.      Edit: PC, PS3, 3DS, Wii (in that order)
[the talos principle]	Hi, I tried out some Steam games recently, but it seems only a very few ones are still able to motivate me to play on. I actually enjoy action-ish gameplay, but pure action games feel kinda pointless and repetitive to me. I'd like something that is somehow ambitious and sophisticated, for example with original puzzles/ game mechanics, thought-provoking story/ message, good characters or just intense atmosphere. Yet doesn't drag on like most point'n'click adventures with their tedious "moon logic" tasks.  Here are some of my faves: -Portal series -Half-Life series -Mirror's Edge -DeadCore -Life is strange -Thief Gold -Dishonored -Metro series -Jazzpunk  Age and graphics don't matter, favourite genre is Sci-fi, but I'm open to anything. It shouldn't be too short.  Thanks for your recommendations... I need them, as I'm in kind of a gaming slump :/
[guild wars 2]	I want to get into something good for a long time. In the past I've spent many hours in runescape, ESO, Rust, Helbreath and many others... Genre isn't really important to me, but what's important is that there's tons of exploring, PVE, some PvP, huge enemies with large PVE battle, and great loot. I want to carve my character out and roleplay as much as I can, becoming my own thing, interacting with other players.   The thing that I liked about Runescape was you could always go to a higher level of the wilderness and fight crazy insanely strong monsters and hope to get super rare drops. This made the end-game almost endless, it never felt like I hit a wall even after 10 years of playing.   Any ideas?
[beyond: two souls, the banner saga, i'm sorry]	~~Due to temporary medical reasons, I currently can't play a whole bunch of games. So I feel like I need substitutes.~~  ~~Here's a short list of stuff I can't play (if I remember any more they'll be edited in):~~  * ~~Games with lots of quickly flashing colors and objects ( Any older Mario game when you get Invincibility Mode)~~ * ~~Games with lots of overly-quick movement ( Every Sonic game ever, every racing game ever, Osu, Project Diva, every bullet hell ever)~~ * ~~Third-person games that aren't 2D~~ * ~~First-Person~~ * ~~Action~~ * ~~Action/Adventure (some exceptions^1 )~~ * ~~Action/RPG~~ * ~~Shooter~~ * ~~Music/Rhythm (some exceptions^2 )~~ * ~~Bullet Hell~~ * ~~Racing~~  ~~^1 ^- ^Exceptions: ^For ^the ^Frog ^the ^Bell ^Tolls~~   ~~^2 ^- ^Exceptions: ^Bit ^Generations ^Soundvoyager, ^Rhythm ^Tengoku ^\(closed ^eyes ^play), ^Rhythm ^Heaven ^\(closed ^eyes ^play), ^Rhythm ^Heaven ^Fever ^\(closed ^eyes ^play)~~  ~~The platforms I have: NES, SNES, GB, GBC, GBA, N64, GCN, Wii, NDS, 3DS, Wii U, PS3, PS4, 360, PC~~   ~~The languages I want: English, Japanese (if you can play and understand what's going on without knowing the language)~~  ~~I do enjoy fan translated games, as long as they're fully playable the English is understandable. I am fluent in Word Salad and Engrish, but if a game throws something like "Has Anyone Really Been Far Even as Decided to Use Even Go Want to do Look More Like?" at me then I won't have any idea what it wants me to do and therefore can't play.~~  * ~~The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion~~ * ~~The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim~~ * ~~Hatsune Miku: Project Diva f 2nd~~ * ~~Persona 4: Dancing All Night~~ * ~~Hatsune Miku: Project Mirai DX~~ * ~~Osu!~~ * ~~Splatoon~~ * ~~The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth~~ *  * ~~Beyond: Two Souls~~  ~~Any worthy substitutes of these that I can play?~~  ~~Note:  substitute must be objectively scarier than , because as of the last time I played  is no longer scary.~~  -----  Nevermind. Don't even know why I come to Reddit anyway. All I ever get are hate comments telling me to "get fucked". Don't suggest anything. I'll probably have thrown out all my stuff and left to go live in a sewer by the time your reply is posted, so I won't have anything to play games on anyway.
[offworld trading company, space station alpha, fragile allegiance, moonbase alpha, space colony]	Games that I liked, and preferred:  - Planetbase - Evil Genius - Space Colony    Far similarities:  - Stronghold I (I loved the campaign) - Patrician II (being able to just play as a trader felt good, although I didn't entirely figured out how to make money)  May consider:  - Banished  There's just not much "space" sim games that are out. I guess this is a genre that needs to be filled more. I don't mean heavy RTS like Starcraft, Sins of the Solar Empire, or types that demand a lot like Kerbal.   Any game where you can just explore, build, and shower with minutes work of success? Feel free to add
[rocket league]	Hello, fellow redditors. Recently my friends and I have been looking for some good co-op game to play. Since I don't really have much experience on that so I decide to come here and ask. We have a regular group of 4 people playing, occasionally having the 5th or 6th man joining in.   So the criteria we are looking for:  * Games that can support 4 players. Better if it can support 5 or more players. 3 players is less than ideal but a bare minimal we can consider.  * Games that are relatively easy to learn.  * MMO is acceptable as long as the grind is not too bad and have some good story.  * Price preferably keeps under 20USD per copy (we can wait to pick up the games above this point at sales if the game is good)  * Minor point: It will be best the game can support Mac or have work around solution. One of the friends for some reason cannot get window setup properly and have to use Mac instead.  Below are the list of games we played and thoroughly enjoyed:  * Terraria  * League of Legends  * Don't starve Together  * Minecraft  * Borderland 2 (+DLC)  * Left 4 dead 1 and 2  We have also tried other games that are played in smaller groups ( Battleblock Theater, Castle Crasher, Payday 2) and some MMO (Guild War 2) but ultimately we really want to play as a full group together. So games that can support more than 4 players will be mostly welcomed.    
[final fantasy iii, final fantasy iii, breath of fire ii, chrono trigger, dragon warrior]	I've noticed that there is a lot of games that I missed out on because I was too young to play them. I'm trying to catch up on old games that I never got a chance to play.  For the past few years i've noticed that I actually really like snes era rpg games.  I'm not against earlier or later games though, but looking for a turn based rpg right now. I've finished earthbound, and played chrono trigger and final fantasty 3, but haven't finished either one, stopped playing both variety of reasons.  Should I go back and finish one of those? I'm also curious about how good super mario rpg is? 
[kirby]	Hello guys, so here I go, the last handheld gaming device I had was a GBA and I still think it was the most exciting piece of gear ever. I got a DS from a friend a year ago but never played it too much (mostly because I did not have any games to play).  But recently I've been more and more interested in the New 3DS, I think it's lovely and there are tons of game that I would like to play on it.  So, do you think it's a good idea to buy a New 3DS today ? What games would be truely necessary for me to own on day one ? What's interesting on the eShop ?  Thank you very much for your kind answers !
[this war of mine, this game]	Hey guys, my friends and I are looking for new games to play but we are completely stumped. It seems like the type of games we like are just not made anymore, or maybe we just suck at looking for them. Thats why I'm here to see if you guys can maybe help us out...  The best way I can explain what we want are games were what you do actually matters, loss is real, and actions can have big effects on other players. Something we can sink alot of time into. Take for example EvE Online, it is an MMO set in space. Almost everything from ships, ammo, and modules are made by the players. Which are made from resources mined by players. If you want a new ship, you buy it from somebody else. If your ship dies, it and everything on it are gone. If you capture territory and maintain it, you actually get big rewards from doing so. If you lose that territory, it is considered a huge blow to your player corporation. The things you do are actually important in how the game plays out, things like "risk vs reward" are big players in how the gameplay works.  Loss actually matters in EvE, and currency has a value... It basically gives you more power to do more things the more money you have. You can pay other players to do tasks for you, or bribe them to get your way, and even pay player cooperation to declare war on and attack your rivals. Player politics can get pretty intense, I've yet to see something like this in any other game.  This is basically what we are looking for, a game with alot of options for emergent gameplay.. And no "hand-holding" from the developers, and loss / victories that actually make a difference in how the game is played. We are tired of the interface and gameplay of EvE, and I have trouble getting my friends to play it. They are not in on the whole "click to fly" and slow gameplay that EvE provides.  So are there any games out currently that fit our bill? It doesn't have to be completely the same... For example, we thought Day-Z was pretty fun.. even though it wasn't as in depth as EvE. Any ideas?
[path of exile]	I want to mindlessly grind better loot and use it to kill hard bosses and fights where both gear and skill matter. Preferably together with friends in a party of 2-8 or something.  I played WoW hardcore for many years (from vanilla to cata), so I basically want to scratch that itch (but preferably in smaller groups rather than 25-40 man raiding). But it doesn't necessarly have to be an MMORPG by any means. Other MMORPG's I've tried include SWTOR, Tera, Aion, Neverwinter and probably a couple more that was fun for a week.  I love diablo and diablo-likes, but my main issue is that it usually boils down to one big gearcheck in order to slay even more trash. Which is fun for a short while.  I also love more traditional RPG's and their modern versions like Pillars of Eternity, Divinity Original Sin etc.  I'm not super into FPS gameplay, but if it's done well, I can dig it. Otherwise my most played games are Dota 2 and strategy games like EU4 and CK2.  But that's not what I want now. I want epic loot and boss fights.
[path of exile]	So, I've been playing nothing but Souls games lately. I try other things, but they never keep my attention. I've been trying to pin down what makes those games so great to me. And I realized, it's because I love leveling up and actually seeing the difference in combat. I love having a goal to work towards when leveling (trying to equip something, trying to bring my 3-hit-kills down to 2.)  I can't really get into MMOs because I like to play solo, and usually find the gameplay lacking.   Anything with either high-customization that actually changes how combat feels, or a really satisfying sense of progression?
[crypt of the necrodancer, sci-fi, vvvvvv]	I have motion sickness so I miss out on so many games but really want to play games. I'm guessing it has to be somewhat 2D or something where the camera doesn't move around much.   Recommendations? I'm usually stuck playing mobile games which suck for the most part. I love Telltale Games, I don't mind visual novels if they're more than just dialogue. Right now I'm playing Undertale, Pokemmo and Minecraft Story Mode. Used to play League, Hearthstone, Ori and the Blind Forest and Torchlight II (though I couldn't play for longer than half an hour).  Doesn't matter on the console or genre really, I'm open to anything. 
[power rangers, chroma squad]	Hey! So I just had a kid, and I'm looking for some games I can play while taking care of her... so I don't go insane. :)  [Something from my existing library would be ideal](http://, though I'm not averse to picking up something new. I've been playing on a 24" monitor that I've got in our kid's room at about 6 feet away using the Steam Link / Controller to stream from my PC that's far away.  The only main requirement is that I can easily pause it immediately, and ideally save frequently or at any point (or at least not lose much progress if I quit abruptly). Games I can play "casually" seem to work best (doesn't necessarily mean casual games).   A few games I've tried that have tried so far:  *****  *Civilization V (Great!)*  Simple controls, turn based. Very long. And I just adore Civ games to begin with.  *Castle Crashers (Great!)*  Can't normally play action games that well, but there's something soothing grindy/casual about it that makes it work. No really big loss if you need to quit a level.  *Injustice: Gods Among Us (Bad!)*  Stream was too laggy.  *Child of Light (Bad!)*  Stream was too laggy (kind of surprisingly, I didn't expect it to eat that many resources).  *Final Fantasy XIII (Bad!)*  Again, just lagged too hard while streaming.  *Trials: Fusion (Good!)*  Had fun with it, but a bit short, and the skill required in the harder levels got a bit too  *Xenonauts (Bad!)*  I think this would work well, but I can't read anything on screen at the distance I'm sitting away.  *LISA (Bad!)*  Save point locations were too infrequent.  *****  Hope that gives some insight into what seems to work and what doesn't.  Edit: Forgot the link to my library.
[metal gear solid]	I seem to be pretty hit and miss with my gaming picks: I like about half of what I play, and hate the other half.  Obviously, I have no idea how to pick a game for myself!  There are a few genres I think I can safely check off ever trying again, but often pick disappointing games in other genres too.  I do not currently have any of the latest-gen consoles (will probably pick one up next year), but have a more-than-capable PC, a 3DS and an iPad (the latter two I have largely been disappointed by the games I played).  **Action or Action/Adventure**: The generic game these days.  I have almost never enjoyed one of these.  Even popular games like *Assassin's Creed*, *Grand Theft Auto*, or *Just Cause* did not capture my interest.  I felt games like the *Tomb Raider* reboot or *Middle Earth: Shadows of Mordor* were decent (at best), but *Mirror's Edge* was the only game of this style I truly enjoyed (most of the time).  **Action/RPG**: I used to love Diabloesques, but have not enjoyed any released since *Sacred 2* (eg *Diablo III*, *Path of Exile* and *Torchlight 2*).  In the more 'typical' Action RPGs, I tend to be a little more ambivalent with *Dark Souls* probably being the only one I truly enjoyed in recent years.  For example, I thought *Deus Ex: Human Revolution* was a little disappointing (admittedly, that was mostly because of the boss fights) and *The Elder Scrolls* series always requires extensive modding to make good.  I could not get into *The Witcher* or *Kingdoms of Amalur*.  I think *Skyrim* (2011) was the last one of these I enjoyed (and only after dozens of mods).  **Adventure**: I used to enjoy these as a kid (eg *Zork*), but have not loved any as an adult.  The Indie game *Home* was probably the best I have played in the past 15 years.  Not sure if they fit into this genre or not, but I do not think I have played any of those Japanese 'visual novel' games.  **Fighting**: Generally speaking, I love playing these.  Mostly solo or on-the-couch multiplayer, though, as I get demolished online :P  *Street Fighter IV* or *Virtua Fighter V* would have been my favourite in the last generation, though *BlazBlue* was close behind.  Hated *Tekken*, *Street Fighter X Tekken*, *Dead or Alive* and the newer (post-PlayStation 2) *SoulCalibur* games.  Will likely pick up a next-gen console after *Street Fighter V* gets its first update/re-release (Super Street Fighter V or whatever they call it)  **FPS**: Probably the genre I have had the most success finding good games with: *BioShock*, *Borderlands*, *Half-Life*, etc.  I was disappointed by *Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel*, did not overly enjoy *Call of Juarez: Gunslinger* (QTEs ruined it for me) and found *Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon* a little too over the top (even for a parody).  I did not really get into the ** series, despite its popularity.  While a slightly different genre, I will note that I have never enjoyed a third-person shooter.  No idea why, but they just do not click for me the way first-person does.  Definitely not the best of the series, but *BioShock: Infinite* (2013) was the last FPS I enjoyed.  **MMO/MOBA**: Not related in any way, but I will mention them together.  I have tried a few demos of MMOs and played a fair bit of *Guild Wars 2*, but could not really get into these.  They quickly feel more like work than my actual job does.  MOBA communities themselves put me off of ever trying the games: I would not be able to put up with the kind of abuse they consider normal.  Abusive communities keep me shy of trying most multiplayer-only games.  **Platformer**: Loved these as a kid (Mario, Sonic, etc), but generally not fussed these days.  I thought *Braid* and *VVVVVV* were freaking amazing, however.  Many of the indie platformers (eg *Super Meat Boy*) crank the difficulty up too high for me, but those two were darn near perfect.  **Puzzle**: Normally I could consider this a casual genre (eg *Bejeweled*), but there are a couple of games I loved.  *The Portal* games and *The Talos Principle* were amazing games I really enjoyed.  I also liked some of the pre-reboot *Tomb Raider* games though the latter ones went over-the-top with QTEs.  **Racing or Sport**: I have absolutely zero interest in these genres, outside *Mario Kart* for some odd reason.  **Roguelike**: I loved *Nethack* as a student, but have not been enjoying the genre today (eg *Desktop Dungeons*, *Dungeons of Dremore*).  I can safely say it is not worth trying any more of them.  **RPG**: Over the years, I have tended to enjoy both Western and Japanese RPGs, though I do not think I have enjoyed a Japanese RPG since the PlayStation 2.  *Chrono Trigger* and *Final Fantasy* IV-X were the JRPGs I most enjoyed.  I do not mind the *Pokemon* series for some light fun, but never felt they were great games.  In Western RPGs, I loved *Baldur's Gate*, enjoyed *Mass Effect*, was disappointed by *Pillars of Eternity* (mostly the writing) and felt *Dragon Age* and *Divinity: Original Sin* were both pretty lame games.  A buggy mess and a lame final chapter, but *Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines* was pretty sweet too!  I am currently playing *Shadowrun Returns*.  Around half-way and enjoying it so far, but do not think it is 'great' (yet).  I think *Mass Effect* (2008) was the last I truly loved.  **RTS**: I have never been any good at these games.  My reactions are not fast enough, my play-style too defensive and my strategies too weak.  I used to still enjoy playing the campaigns, but I gave up altogether after *StarCraft 2* when I could not even complete that much!  **Shm'up**: Not a genre I generally enjoy, but I used to enjoy some of the *Touhou* games.  I lost interest in the latter games around six years ago and have not really touched the genre since.  **Simulation**: Honestly, I do not understand this genre.  I tried a few, such as *The Sims*, and found them all utterly boring.  Real life is way more fun.  **Tactical RPG**: I discovered these back with *Shining Force*.  Recently, I enjoyed *Fire Emblem: Awakening* and the *Final Fantasy Tactics* iOS port.  I have also played, but did not enjoy, *Disgaea DS* (too grindy) and *Final Fantasy Tactics A2* (Judges/Laws, weak quests).  The gameplay of *The Banner Saga* was solid, but I found it got way too dark and depressing for my tastes.  I tried the last *Heroes of Might and Magic* game and could not even get past the tutorial campaign!  **TBS or 4X**: Similar to RTS games, I suck but play them anyway.  I quite enjoy *Civilization* from time to time (on a low difficulty, which I still often lose) and did not mind *Endless Legend*.  I have never enjoyed a sci-fi one, however.  No idea why, but I just could not get into any of them (eg *Endless Space*, *Galactic Civilization*, *Sword of the Stars*).  **Tower Defense**: I have played a couple I enjoyed (eg *Defenders Quest*, *Defense Grid*) and a few I thought were OK (eg *Dungeon Defenders*, *Orcs Must Die!*), but mostly I have found these bored me really quickly (eg *Kingdom Rush*, *Plants vs Zombies*, *Sol Survivor*).  Probably a genre I should skip in future.
[dragon's dogma]	Are there any RPG games with a loot system similar to Diablo 3 that are co-op or single player? Maybe not as completely random but enough where I can still find good items late into the game. Does not have to be an isometric game either. Can be first or third person as well.  Some things I'd like:  * Up-gradable Armor/Weapon system * Armor/Weapons that look good. (Bonus: being able to customize the look) * Not having to read a ton of dialogue and read journals, etc.. * Boss fights that you need to plan out and come up with a strategy * Something with replayability so I can try the game again with a different build/character  I guess what I want is to work towards finding rare loot and upgrading it and becoming really powerful on my own or with a friend.  Some games I've played: Dark Souls 1 &amp; 2, Bloodborne, Fallout Series, Mass Effect series, Diablo 3, WoW, Torchlight 1 &amp; 2, Sacred, Titan Quest. 
[planet explorers, this game, minecraft, game on]	I've recently been playing lots of From the Depths, but the problem is just how long it takes to build a good ship in it. This problem is shared with Space Engineers and a lot of other games.  I'd like a game where i can build stuff (and then do stuff with it) where i can build it reasonably quickly. Good examples of this are:  - Kerbal Space Program: Unless you're playing with lots of mods or being totally OCD, it totally fits what i'm looking for, but i've played lots of it and i'm bored of it.  - Besiege: I liked it a lot, but there's just not enough of it to keep playing more then i have already.  - TerraTech: Much like Besiege, fun, but not enough to keep playing for long.   - Reassembly: Again, i liked it, but not enough stuff to do, also very easy to build something massively OP.   - Warship Gunner 2: An old ps2 game i really liked because you could build your own ships in it. Again, played lots of it, and all the other related games.   - Battleship Craft: Something of an honorable mention, and something i'd like to play if there's a pc port or anything.  
[fire emblem]	Hello guys,       &amp;nbsp;  today something reminded me of the game Final Fantasy Tactics advance.   And now I really want to play something like it. (I've already finished it and it's sequel several times.)  Tbh I've already looked through some older posts with the same question, but I'm not very happy with the suggested games.  They were more like turn based games without tactics included... Well I know the tactics part in FFTA wasn't that great but at least it was there.  Now I'm asking you: are there any games very similar to FFTA out there? (the harder the better^^)  I'd also be happy about fan made Games or everything that includes tactics, different jobs (or something alike).  I also liked the part that you've to use different items to learn different abilities.   &amp;nbsp;  **tldr; Im looking for a game like FFTA** :D  &amp;nbsp;  Time to hope that you've some Ideas, suggestions or time to write a game like it :P
[nintendo 3ds, all games, game boy]	Experienced and all gamers, I need your guidance please. We are contemplating on getting our kids their first gameing system for Christmas this year. They are girls age range from 9-10 and on the tom boy side. Their exposure to gaming systems is very limited and most of their exposure is limited to an old Sega system at their uncles and our phones/tablets.  We arent even sure which system to start with or what we need to budget for games, controllers, etc. i saw some bundles at Costco the other day for Xbox and Playstation. The xbox one bundle is $344 with Halo 5 and 500GB. The playstation 4 is 500GB as well and $329. I will admit I may revert back to my childhood and get a game or two myself. Any suggestions or are there better options out there or better ones to come? Any help would be greatly appreciated.
[heroes of the storm]	Genre is flexible as long as the people are decent and the game is fun. I'm sick of playing League of Legends and the intolerance people have on there to even slight mistakes. (Tried getting my wife into the game, and the toxic crowd is what's promping this post)  I would consider MMORPGs but I can't be on for 4 hours at a time doing raids. Cheap or free is nice but I'll pay for quality and re-playability / longevity if needed.    Things I've played:  * Awesomenauts (fun game but lag issues) * Minecraft (fun game but I'm over it) * Terraria (played it when they were first updating it, I'm over it) * EVE (never got past the tutorial, felt lost, wife not into it)  Thanks in advance. 
[space pirates and zombies]	Okay I know that is a really general question so I'll try to narrow it down.  I work a 9-6 job and with travel time as well as studying time I only get maybe an hour or less of 'entertainment time'.  I want a game that I can play for a long time in short intervals like maybe 30-40 mins every day.  Genre honestly do not matter, MMOs, casual games, I just want some progressive gameplay to sort of 'build' something up.  Minecraft most certainly fit that bill for quite some time, I enjoyed collecting resources and building shit with a bunch of mods installed.  Now I'm looking for something else
[tales of vesperia, the walking dead, life is strange]	Looking for a game my wife might enjoy. These are ones she enjoys: Fable 1, 2 and 3 (especially 3) Portal New Super Mario Bros Banjo Kazooie Tetris Diablo 3 (Co-op)  She didn't like Skyrim, Fallout 3, Kingdoms of Amalur or FPS games.  I think she prefers shallow learning curves where you don't need to use both thumb sticks for moving and looking. But also like exploring the world looking for hidden objects (Keys and the such)  This is for the X Box 360. Thanks in advance for you advice!  Edit: Forgot to mention she also played the Telltale Walking Dead game (season 1 &amp; 2)
[this game, this game]	Since Undertale is all the rage now, I'm considering whether or not to give it a go. I'm seriously leaning towards not giving it a go, though. Why? Because I don't understand **why** it's all the rage now. The only things I get about this game is that it's a JRPG and that it's inspired by Earthbound, so it guarantees for it to be weird. I never played Earthbound that much though, so nostalgia isn't hitting me in this case, and the game itself doesn't look really appealing graphics-wise (seriously folks, it's 2015, you can make nice-looking pixel art instead of something that makes the game look like it could run on ZX Spectrum).  Tell me, then - what was the thing (or the things) that made **you** get the game in the first place and what was the thing that made **you** fall in love with it. Who knows, maybe under this layer of crude graphics and oddly specific quirkiness lies a game I would love? Convince me.
[rocket league]	Well, I feel I am currently 'between games' and am looking for a new game to invest my time into. I don't really have a specific style of game, just looking for something fun that I can just pick up for a few minutes or play for hours straight. For this reason, I am not really looking for a game with a definitive story.  Here is a list of some of the games that where at one point were my go to games:  RuneScape  Kerbal Space Program  Skyrim (I am considering getting back into Skyrim)  Minecraft  Just Cause 2  GTA V (Still playing this a bit on and off)  Battlefield  Spintires   There really is no set genre that I prefer, just something that has a lot to do that I can sink many hours into.  Any ideas?
[heroes of the storm, 15 minutes, lol]	I have  hours on CS:GO and im getting kinda sick of the scenario when you get a team that doesn't really get along very well and you still have to play together for 50+ minutes.  So are there any competetive games, preferably free to play and mobas, that are, let's say 20- minutes long in match length?   I remember Dawngate was great, and there was also a game on steam that I cant find anymore, Tome something.  An example of a good game that fits my critera is Awesomenauts, short matches, small teams, fun and still quite competetive.
[saints row]	Hi guys,  I want a game where my character is known to the other characters( like the dragon age series, you are basically the one person who can save Thedas, the Warden/Hero/Inquisitor is not only the most powerful character, (s)he is feared/loved.  Other examples: **Black &amp; White, Black &amp; White 2** In this game you play as a god, who can be either evil or benevolent. You are reveared by your people and you are a powerful being.  **Overlord, Overlord 2** You are evil, really, you are this guy who has an evil lair and controls a hord of imps to do you biding. When your character is on screen you feel magnificent, you feel like you can rip everything apart, not so much because the game mechanics let you do that, but because you are this Overlord, this being of tales who is feared and is known to bring chaos.  **Dragon Age Series/ Mass Effect Series** Bioware really did a number on making you feel like the biggest badass in the room when you played these games. I prefer fatansy games, not so keen on sci-fi games. But my god, these two games really can make you feel important.  **Dungeon Keeper, Dungeon Keeper 2/Dungeons 2(?), War for the Overworld** You build dungeons and fuck shit up, it's pretty amazing feeling like evil incarnated.  There are so many more games I could give as an example, but I think these are enough.  What I want is a game where the character you play is not only powerful in game mechanics, but a character that is powerful in the game story.   A character that starts feeble, but is chosen to be great, or a character that starts poor, but becomes a King, a Ruler.  Other games that made me feel this way: Protoype 1, Prototype 2 The Elder Scrolls Series Spore(yes, spore) Vampire: The Masquerade Some Age of Empires(or Mythology) Some CIV games And others I can't remember at the moment.  I'm not a fan of those manga styled games, simply because I have yet to find one I truly enjoy. I'm also not a fan of sci-fy games, but there are exceptions. Older games are not a problem.  Some people have said the Fable series is a good one for this. But I would like to hear what you guys think.  Thanks in advance.  Obligatory english is not my native language.
[shin megami tensei iv]	If you had to make a top 3(or 5) for the 3DS, what would it be? My mom is asking me for Christmas ideas and I have no idea but I do want some 3DS games. So far, I'm asking for Persona Q and potentially Stella Glow, if I don't end up buying that when I go get Super Mystery Dungeon. Two other quick things are I did not like Bravely Default and I would ask for Conception II, but that title will probably make my mom think "what the fuck is my son into." Thanks.      Copied this from my post in the weekly JRPG suggestion thread, so it may be slightly out of context.
[holy invasion of privacy, badman! what did i do to deserve this?, dungeon keeper]	Hello!  I have been looking for a fairly specific type of gameplay. Most games I run into get close, but not quite all the way there.  What I'm after is a game that revolves around building a single location and surviving (and thriving) against outside aggression. Think Starcraft bunker build mentality as the overall philosophy.  However, my most important aspect is the ability to upgrade/customize my base/units/etc. I vastly prefer quality over quantity defensive builds, so a game that lets me play to that playstyle is fairly important... think Siege Tanks in favorable terrain instead of large scale combat between large armies.  I enjoy RPG type progression, but would prefer to be a third party perspective (again, more RTS than FPS... Starcraft over Sanctum).   As you may tell, a properly interesting RTS would work well... except ultimately you have to leave and kill the other base, which is the least interesting part to me. I just like building the perfect bunker. I also like turn based combat such as FFT, and XCom EU.  Finally, I prefer single player content over multiplayer content. I don't have enough time to coordinate coop gameplay, and I'm too lazy to go into competitive play.  Ok, I think that's the bulk of the important features. I realize it's fairly specific, so I don't know if there will be a good game to hit all those features, but a decent blend of them is always of interest. I've played a horde of games although the specific ones escape me currently (I'll update the post with more as I think of them or people suggest them). I have a primarily windows based gaming rig (that is fairly decent), but I also have a linux box (that is significantly less decent... really not a gaming box at all, it's on par with a chromebook) for text or retro style gaming.  Games I've played;  Starcraft 1, Starcraft 2, Banished, Heroes of M&amp;M 1-6, Warcraft 1-3, Civ 1-5 (and BE), Sanctum 1-2, Dungeon Defenders 1-2, FFT, Disgaea 1-3 (more to be added later).  Also mentioned: Dungeon Keeper (1 and 2) I tried to install Dwarf Fortress but didn't get it working, didn't try for long though so I can take a look at that.  Also, thanks for the suggestions! Plenty of games I haven't heard of that I'll have to look into!
[deus ex]	So I just went back to Mafia II. While I love the story line, the world is dull as *fuck*. I spent two hours just running on foot into alleys and exploring, looking for Playboys and posters, nothing is there. Most of the buildings and structures in the game are literally filler.  I know the game is over 8 years old, so I realize that it's aged. But now it's 2015 and I'd really like to play something extremely detailed, since PC power isn't much of a problem anymore.  Look at games like Oblivion and Skyrim, where each house can be entered, you get rewarded for exploration. In Witcher 3, I jumped out of a window in a house in the city on to the balcony. The balcony led to a chest with loot in it that you can't get to from the ground.   Games that I already have: GTA V, Skyrim, Oblivion, Fallout New Vegas, Witcher 3, Portal 2.  I want something newer, like 2010 and up preferably. I like Mafia II, but it really has aged.   Also, I'm not just talking about finding tiny things in every corner. I mean that the developers didn't just plop down textured cubes and call them "houses". I want a map where they really did put detail, even thinking that most players wouldn't go there.  I want a living world, where the people in the street feel real. In Mafia II, they have a few set phrases and just loop through them. No real responses.
[divinity: original sin, star wars]	Please read here first!  So the friend in question and I live in separate parts of the world and we can only really play games together through Skype or online through Steam.  We wanted to play something that is single-player but that we can both enjoy through Skype if one of us was to backseat and weigh in on where to go/what to do/important decisions through the game. We want it to be something preferably discovery/choice/puzzle-based so that the one who isn't playing can provide active feedback and maintain interest, or if not, then at least something with a very interesting story. We'd also appreciate it if it wasn't super long.  Genres that could fit our criteria:  * Semi-open world * Puzzle/platformers * Point-and-click adventures * Choice-based adventures  Some games like what we'd want to play:  * Resident Evil HD Remaster * Alone In the Dark: The New Nightmare * Portal 1 &amp; 2 * Her Story * The Swapper * TellTale games * Ether One * System Shock 2  Please don't suggest huge decision-based RPGs like the Witcher or Mass Effect. We've both played those and they are far too open and lengthy to hold our interest. And also don't suggest Dark Souls. Everyone suggests Dark Souls.
[demons souls]	Hey guys! I just managed to get my hands on my first Playstation console ever, and it happens to be a backwards compatible PS3. Here's the list of the games I picked up with it:  * Ico * Journey * Uncharted 1-3 * God of War 1 + 2 * Heavy Rain * Little Big Planet * Ratchet and Clank Future * Devil May Cry 4 * Dragon Quest 8  Now I'm looking for recommendations on any older games or games that I just missed. I know that I want to get The Last of Us, Shadow of the Colossus, and maybe some Crash Bandicoot games, but I'm not all too familiar with any other games on any of Playstation consoles. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated!
[brothers: a tale of two sons, dragon age: inquisition, mass effect trilogy, bioshock infinite, life is strange, the last of us, the last of us]	I've played Life is Strange and was left emotionally wrecked at the end of every episode. Since then I've played games like the beginner's guide and tried undertale... both of them didn't really appeal to me. I've also played borderlands 2 alot and the ending of Tiny Tina's Assault on dragon keep had me crying manly tears. Games don't have to be walking simulators (like LiS) but I don't mind them being a WS (some people do and deem them "boring"). What game should I buy if I want to be left in tears or emotionally broken?
[the charnel house trilogy, adventure games, technobabylon, city builder, puzzle city, sim city, deponia]	I'm a casual gamer these days and I'm not really aware of what's out there. I have a break from work coming up so I would like to find a great game to get stuck in to.   Some of my favourites other than the ones in the title are: Old Sierra adventure games: Robin Hood Conquest of the Longbow, Laura Bow mysteries (point and click adventures)   Emerald Mines  The Sims, although my attention starts to run out after a month or so of playing.   Some sort of city or world builder with extra puzzles would be perfect.   Thanks. 
[fallout 3, fallout 3, fallout 4]	Hi all, just a couple of premises: I don't play that much, I'm quite good at sports games, but I generally suck at things like FPSs (too much action, less time to think, too many buttons to use rapidly).         As you know, Fallout 4 has been released, and this has led me to consider to buy a copy of Fallout 3 (and maybe buy Fallout 4 after it). Among Bethesda games I've played Skyrim and I've liked it (and also Oblivion).         My main concern is that it may be too hard for me to play if it should be more focused on the FPS side and less on the story/RPG. If it should have an adjustable level for the fights it would be great.           In the end I'd like to know if you would suggest this title to me.          *^I'm sorry for my poor english*            EDIT: Thank you all, you have convinced me: I'll buy it as soon as I can find it :) It seems to be exactly the kind of game I'm looking for. 
[mirror's edge, portal 2, bioshock]	Given that Fallout 4 is out, I figured I'd look at my library to see if I should play anything... So I have the following:   * Assassin's Creed * Fallout 3 GOTY * Fallout NV * Bioshock 1/2/3  * Portal * Half Life 2 (I tried playing this originally when I had a CRT and got motion sick... now I have a 144hz monitor so likely not an issue) * Just Cause 1/2 * LA Noire * Kane &amp; Lynch * Lord of the Rings War in the North (no idea what this is..) * Max Payne 3 (I beat 1/2 a long time ago) * Mirror's Edge * Murdered Soul Suspect (WTF?) * Payday the Heist * Prototype 1/2 * RAGE * Saints Row the Third * Sam and Max (all of them) * Sleeping Dogs * Sniper Elite * SpecOps The Line * Star Wars KOTOR * System Shock 2 * Thief * Watch Dogs  So as a bit of background -- I have all the Hitman games and loved those, and all the Splinter Cell games and loved those. Currently I play Counterstrike GO and Heroes of the Storm for the most part. I also recently finished Tomb Raider and really loved that too. I also got Skyrim and played it for 20 hours, but honestly didn't like it too much.. maybe I'm just weird?  So there's the list -- make some suggestions, but importantly... tell me why! :)
[the jackbox party pack, guessing game, mysterium]	Hi! I'm looking for a game similar to Cards Against Humanity. My friends and I love it as a casual game when we're hanging out in large groups, but it gets a little dry to play it too often.  Basically we want something that:  * Can cater to large and variable groups of people (5-10?). * Is easy to enter and exit from play without disrupting the flow. * Doesn't require more then a minute or two of rule explanation. * Is (relatively?) friendly to those who speak English as a second language. * Is fun while drinking and chatting and hanging around.  Any thoughts or suggestions?
[the talos principle, out there, game on]	Howdy all,  I hope this is okay to post. I think you'll all appreciate this. So myself and a friend developed a site out of pure frustration of not being able to find games and recommendations being terrible!  We'd love if you checked out  Just tell me what you think. Its still in its baby stage but we plan to help every gamer across every single platform.  Any kind of feedback would be amazing as we're trying to solve an issue thats ravaged the gaming industry. Indie games and unknown titles are literally buried.   Cheers!
[black and white]	Hi Guys! I just played the game "From Dust" and I really enjoyed the the ability to shape and control the world. What's interesting is I liked this one way more than Minecraft. I think due to the fact that the content you control is based more on the elements of the world rather than combat or character. I really liked the fact your point of view in the game is more of from an eagle eye or god's perspective. Any idea on further game suggestions based on this info? Thanks!!!      PS - A big reason I liked the game is the fact that its physics seemed very realistic. That's very important too!!
[the binding of isaac: rebirth, don't starve together, starbound]	Hey guys,  I don't know anything about gaming. I am so novice that when my boyfriend convinces me to try to play a game with him it usually goes along the lines of:  &gt;"now go pick that up"  &gt;"how?"  &gt;"just walk over there and hit A"  &gt;"how?"  &gt;"the stick"  &gt;"  is A?"  You get the picture. I usually end up playing with him and a friend so that they can compete and I can futz around in the corner like an infant.  So while I would really like to buy him a game, I really don't know where to start. I've seen him play a lot of **Minecraft**, **Terraria**, and **Rogue Legacy**. He is really really super excited for **No Man's Sky** and talks about it constantly, but that isn't out soon enough. He seems to be psyched for having so much randomly generated world (sorry, that's probably what everyone is excited about, but I don't know, so I figured I would mention it).  So with that information, do you have ideas?
[rocket league, starcraft]	Hello everyone,  So, some of you may have been in the same boat I am. I am getting a little bored of all of the games I like to play and am looking for something with progression and maybe some competitive aspects.  Some of my primary games are Rust, Smite, League of Legends, Ultra Street Fighter 4, and Super Smash Bros. Melee.  I also enjoy playing Half Life and Guild Wars 2. But I know I would not really want to play a singe-player or RPG game. I also primarily play on PC.  If you have any suggestions for games that you think would be great for my play-styles (besides Fallout 4), feel free to leave a comment. Thanks!  Edit: formatting
[catlateral damage]	I'm looking for games that aren't aimed at little girls or android-styled stupid grooming games and stuff like that. Not ones where the main focus is on cats or anything but a game where you can interact/do stuff with them.  Anything Sims (2/3) Pets-like or perhaps an RPG or a city builder or anything that has cats in them. Like a game where you can pile up random cats in a random house.  Sorry if it's an odd question but I'm open to any suggestions.  EDIT 1:  The_Drider: Petz Catz 2 looks exactly like what I'm not looking for, however. No offense though, thanks for the suggestion, and I might even try it, but I'm afraid my dreams will never come true. The idea of cat games literally came from a dream I had which looked like a mix-up between Skyrim/Silent Hill/L4D2/ANNO1404/Postal 2. Don't question it. Just don't. It looked like a city-builder but I was grabbing random animals, including cats, from a field and threw them into a house/secluded area to save them from the zombies. Yep, definitely something wrong with my subconscious.  I think I'd rather be looking for a Sims-like simulator (with Pets EP) or a builder game even, in which you can pick up animals and toss them around. Like you can do with people in Black &amp; White 1 &amp; 2. But I might be expecting too much.  EDIT 2: Wow, thanks for all the great suggestions, guys! I'll be sure to check them out ^^ (Also, The_Drider: Sorry, if my first request wasn't very clear, English isn't my first language and I might've made grammatical errors without realizing it. The point is, I wasn't looking for "a stupid lil' girl game" x) )
[threads of fate, civil war]	With many games released recently that bank off of "jumpscares", I'd like to hear what you think goes back to the roots of horror: The Ambiance.   What game, with its combination of music (or lack thereof), lighting, scenery, story, etc, is the most horrifying? Which game makes you simple not want to play in it because you're alone and afraid?  For me, I've personally noted 2 non-horror games, Morrowind and Myst. In Myst, you're solving puzzles, but you're completely alone with a very alien soundtrack on a very alien world feeling lost and confused. In Morrowind, it's similar, though not quite as lonely. You're in an alien land that's dark and getting more doomed by the second, and you're hated by all those around you.   So, what are your thoughts? 
[shadow warrior , saints row 4, dmc4]	You know that feeling you had on Morrowind/Oblivion/Skyrim when you got stacked with everything you had and you just STOMPED almost everything in the game, feeling like a god? It was a slow burning sensation when you got progressively stronger to the point when an enemy challenged you got actually insulted that it didn't explode in 1 hit.   So, I want a game that makes me feel powerful. Think like a Kanye's Yeezus kind of power trip. I don't want an easy game by no means, it doesn't have to be one that makes you feel powerful by making the enemy easy to beat. But I want a game that rewards with me with the feeling of RAW power, a game that at the end I feel like a fucking god. Doesn't even have to be for the PC (but preferably for the PC). I have a Wii, WiiU, PS2-4, 360 and 3DS at my disposal.  http:// This is my Steam ID.
[might and magic, lords of xulima]	Hey everyone,  I've had a hankering for games like Wizardry, where you create a party of people and gradually explore a large dungeon, periodically returning to town/the surface to gather supplies or bring people back to life or whatever. Age or graphics aren't really a requirement for me. I played Legend of Grimrock a while back, and it was good, but not exactly what I was looking for, since it was a bit short. Oddly, too, I like that mechanic of going to town and refreshing your party, because it allows the dungeons to be tough as nails.  Anyway, any suggestions would be welcome! PC would be ideal.  e: thanks everybody! I've been spending some time looking over the suggestions. Some of these look pretty good!
[shadowrun returns, jagged alliance, silent storm]	I've been playing a bit of Xenonauts lately, and while I really enjoy the ground combat, I find the rest of the game fairly tedious.  If possible, I prefer Xenonauts 2d isometric aesthetic over XCom's 3d isometric one.  Also, I prefer historical/fantasy games over sci-fi.  Ideally I'm looking for a game like Soldiers At War - for those of you who played it.  It was an old turn-based squad-based WW2 shooter with leveling aspects as well as the ability to equip your soldiers and loot enemy soldiers.  However, the game followed a linear campaign of missions - with the ability to swap out members/equipment between each mission - rather than having a secondary management game on top of the ground combat.
[pillars of eternity, baldur's gate]	My favorite type of game are the open world games that have their own story line, but have lots of optional content on the side. Something like FarCry 4. You have all your main story quests, but you also have a ton of side quests, different objects scattered throughout the world that you have to find, etc to reach 100%. Are there other games like this I am missing? They don't necessarily have to be open world. If the game was linear, but still had hidden content that you needed to explore the environment to an extent to find, that would be fine. Some other games I have played are:  Arkham series  GTA 4 &amp; 5  Fallout 3 and 4 (currently playing 4)  South Park The Stick of Truth  These are just a few that immediately come to mind. I love the South Park game. It had a great story line, but tons of optional content and items to find if you took it upon yourself to explore the area, just like FarCry 4. This is exactly the kind of experience I am looking for. I am currently playing Fallout 4, and while it's a great game, I more enjoy it when there is a set amount of items I am looking for, like the 30 Chinpokomon in South Park, and all the Masks of Yalung and Journals in FarCry. Please leave any and all suggestions, I love playing games. PC only please. 
[james bond, wildstar]	I like playing MMOs, but hate Late Game.   The MMORPGs I play regularly are Archeage, LOTRO, and GW2, and I'm pretty much committed to them.  However, I like wasting time. I feel like playing some more MMOs just for the first 20 levels or so to goof around. PWI (Perfect World International) is a good example, unimpressive game, P2W, but the first 20 levels or so are just fun to go through.  What I'm basically looking for is:  1) Lots of classes or customization 2) Free2Play  I'm currently thinking about Wildstar, RIFT, and Neverwinter, but I'd rather hear about other things you recommend.
[majin and the forsaken kingdom, enslaved: odyssey to the west, asura's wrath, lost planet 3, stormtrooper, alan wake, ballpark]	Hey everybody! Try hard not to laugh at my question.  I was playing Tomb Raider, and I loved so much about it. I loved the story, the gameplay, and the overall vibe of it. I had to put it down before finishing it though, because I was really disturbed by killing "real people." What games are out there at that have a similar feeling and an ongoing story, but instead I'm shooting at zombies or monsters or something instead of human beings? (No intention to sound judgy - I think this is totally a me thing. I know, I'm a weenie.) 
[monster hunter, monster hunter]	I know the title seems so vague. But bear with me here after playing through Warframe I was hoping to find another co-op experience like it. Preferably what I'm looking for is something similar in terms of mission structure and progression to Warframe and Left 4 Dead. Simple and varied objectives that allows for deep strategy but more fantasy so like Lord of the Rings: War in the North (but actually works on AMD cards).   And what I mean by the combat is that something like LOTR: War in the North. A bit hack n' slash but still a bit slow pace and strategic kinda like Dragon's Dogma or Monster Hunter. So that kind drowns out action rpg's like Path of Exile and Diablo 3 for me here (though still great games).  EDIT: pc only please
[roguelike]	I'm looking for a good game (or even an average one) with a good crafting system. Preferably for PC, age is not an issue. Go ASCII for all I care, as long as it's awesome.  &amp;nbsp;  Here, I suppose, is where I define a 'good' crafting system. A good crafting system, to me, requires either skill, meaning *player* skill, or strategy. Not "rub twenty bear asses and a cockatrice scrtum together and poof there's your new sword".  &amp;nbsp;  Examples of 'bear ass' crafting: Skyrim, Minecraft, 98% of games recommended when some asks for a good crafting system.  &amp;nbsp;  Examples of crafting I thought were good:  &amp;nbsp;  Player skill: Mana Khemia: Alchemists of Al Rebis (this title may be hilariously wrong due to time since playing) was part way to bear ass crafting but items could be added to the process for sweet bonuses, iirc. Had a little minigame based around item elements. Very neat.  &amp;nbsp;  Player knowledge/strategy: Star Wars Galaxies! The holy grail of crafting systems in my book. The holy toilet of everything else (except JTL, I liked JTL). Materials had types and qualities. So the type might be 'ass' (bear or cockatrice?) And each ass would be useful in different material stats as well as overall quality. So you'd pop your different materials into the blueprint and get a fairly unique item each time. On top of material choice higher in-game skill levels gave you 'prototype points' you could spend at the end of a crafting session to reinforce a couple of the item's stats. Sooooooooooooo great.  &amp;nbsp;  Can you help a guy out? Suggest something good enough and I might just bake you some goddamn cookies. Thanks guys!
[metal gear, mgs]	This also applies to many other games that are offered on PS3 and PS4. I LOVE the MGS series. Metal Gear was one of the original games I got with my NES and I have played every single one since. However, this if the first time that I have not bought the most recent generation console at its release... three kids trump daddy's ultimate happiness apparently. So my question is, is it worth the wait? Should I hold off getting the game to see it in its full PS4 glory (which could be a while) or go ahead and pull the trigger and enjoy it for what it is? 
[planescape: torment, system shock 2, mass effect 3, mass effect 3, fallout 2, deus ex ]	I love Mass Effect. It's literally the only game I play. It's my favorite game and I now find it difficult to find games that live up to it. Because of that, I have many games that I spent money on collecting dust in my library, so I decided to make a "to do list" of games I want to play to get me out of my Mass Effect addiction.   My list so far consists of The Witcher and Skyrim. I already played Skyrim a LOT before Mass Effect, so it is my goal to finish it. I own all three Witcher games. I'm a patient gamer, so I'd prefer games that are a year or more older for the cheap price. The only reason I have Witcher 3 is because I got it for free.   Keep in mind that I did play other games before Mass Effect, but am still newish to gaming that isn't on a handheld device. Thanks!  Edit: Bioshock Infinite is also on my list. 
[metro 2033, crysis]	So, I tried running Fallout 4 on my PC. While half of the time it runs pretty well, the second half of the time consists of constant FPS drops and freezes. It annoys me so much I decided to give up and hope Bethsoft releases a patch that will somehow boost the performance drastically, like they always did. Meanwhile, I'm looking for something to fill that hole Fallout 4 left in my heart.  I'm thinking either * Shadow of Chernobyl* because that's what FO4 reminded me of the most, or *Rage* because of the Mad Max vibe all Fallouts also have. Which one should I pick for an experience that would be close to Fallout 4? Or maybe you can suggest an entirely different game?   Things I liked about Fallout 4:  * Smooth, good-feeling gunplay. * Exploration that was enjoyable because of how often I stumbled across some interesting landmarks. * Equipment variety (mainly armor-wise). * Finding all sorts loot I could use later.   Also, here's the answer to the mandatory "why not Fallout 3/NV?": I simply don't feel like playing those for the umpteenth time. Not only that - neither of those two has good-feeling gunplay and both are more on the RPG side of things, while I'm looking for an open world shooter.  That would be all. Thanks in advance for answering.
[shadowrun: dragonfall, shadowrun: hong kong, shadowrun returns, be good]	I have gone through both of the Baldurs Gate games. I have also played all of the Divinty games including Original Sin, Wasteland 2, Planescape Torment, South Park Stick of Truth, Dragon Age 1-3, Mass Effect 1-3, Fallout 1-4 (including New Vegas), the Gothic franchise, the Elder Scrolls franchise, Eschelon Books 1-3, the Avernum games, Blackguards 1-2, Neverwinter Nights 1-2, KOTOR 1-2, the Geneforge games and gosh the list goes on.  I'm looking for something new and exciting to play. I don't care if it's deep and complicated like Dwarf Fortress, ADOM, DCSS and so on either. I'm just.. needing something else to play. 
[monster hunter, mass effect, mass effect, dark souls, bloodborne, sorry!]	So I have been playing mostly multiplayer games (LoL, hearthstone, and a little bit of csgo) for a long time and I want to find a good single player game to play. Problem is, I can't find anything that I really like, or more specifically anything that I can finish completely. I tried the witcher 3, even though I really liked it I stopped playing for 2 days and immidieately lost interest in the game. I tried replaying it but it was really boring.   I tried bloodborne, and actually almost finished it, but the last levels were so annoying (not even talking about difficulty, the levels themselves were poorly designed imo) that I just stopped before ending it. Being myself I can't pick up a game in the middle of it after a break for some reason so now I started it over because I was bored and it's pretty good, but I still don't know if I'll finish it.   I tried fallout 4, even though everyone likes it I don't think it's for me.   The only single player game I remember finishing this year was Bioshock : infinite, and even that was after forcing myself to continue after a week break (i couldn't play for a week because I wasn't home and I really wanted to finish it).   I think my problem is that whenever something in the game becomes really annoying (the last levels of bloodborne) or overwhelming ( fallout's inventory and quest system) I quit and then never come back because I hate playing a game again from the middle after taking a break from it. Do you guys have anything to suggest that doesn't immediately feel overwhelming or annoying at any point? I've thought about metal gear solid 5 so far , and if the prices are good I'll probably pick it up in Black Friday. I also want to note that I love the combat in bloodborne, so something similar to it will be good.
[euro truck simulator, europa universalis, strategy games, minecraft]	Anything from Business sims to Driving sims, Strategy, Mathematics, anything. I play a lot of video games and want to redirect that interest to something productive without giving up something I enjoy. What are some outstanding games that are well designed, fun, and keep you thinking? Bonus: Observation/Deduction, Memory, Quick Thinking, Logic, Speech and er... like, social strategy(? I don't know if that's really a thing, but something that can at least be applied to etiquette n' such).   e: Or, at the *very least*, something that isn't a multiplayer game that makes you feel productive when you're done with it.
[minecraft]	Hello all,  I mistakenly posted this in /r/pcgaming a few minutes ago, but I've been pointed in the right direction to this subreddit now.  I'm assessing the possibility of trying to introduce elderly people within nursing homes to gaming. This seems like a marriage made in heaven to me, and besides the enjoyment it may bring, it is proven that video games can help prevent (or even reverse) cognitive decay in the elderly, and potentially improve their opportunity for enjoyable social interaction (isolation/loneliness having a very real negative effect on both physiological and mental health). However, I'm not that much of a gamer myself, to be entirely honest. I only have a scant 49 games in my Steam collection, of which only 18 are as yet unplayed. I realize I need to tap into a much more informed and knowledgeable group of people to make the best choices I can.  I'm hoping I can build a shortlist of games that demonstrate best the huge breadth and possibilities gaming can bring to a group of people who are thus far completely uninvolved and uninformed. I don't want to scare them away with something hugely complicated and involved like Eve (SOON), or intimidate them with the steep learning curve and physical skill requirements of certain fast-paced multiplayer FPS (instagib Unreal Online). I want to show off how beautiful, engaging and captivating video games can be. I know there's a bunch of quirky, original indie games out there, and I want to try these out along with some larger-scale games. Indie, RPG, Online, FPS, RTS, Turn-based, I'm interested in them all! Bonus points if there is some strong sociable element (be it collaborative or competitive).  Essentially, can you think of games that are easily accessible, yet showcase the best that modern gaming has to offer the elderly? Although I agree that something like the Nintendo Wii is a very accessible and friendly option, and so I'm going to try it too, I'd like to branch out a bit further beyond that.  In addition, I'm keen to explore different peripherals that could be more ergonomic. Off the top of my head, I can think of keyboards with extra large keys, and gaming keypads, and joysticks. I know nothing about these however, but if anyone can recommend suitably simple and ergonomic versions of each (and any others I don't know about!) I would really appreciate it!  If you have any questions, or need any further clarification on any points, or simply have had a relevant idea, please let me know.
[divinity: original sin, rainbow six siege, assassin's creed, counter strike, tomb raider, xbox one, xbox one, know how, game on]	Been playing nothing but shooters for the past few months (destiny then halo 5 and black ops 3) and I'm getting pretty tired of it. I love shooters and playing competitively but I'm looking for a single player game that I can really get into and not have to stress out.   I love Nintendo games (Zelda, Metroid, Mario, etc.) and other Xbox games I've played and enjoyed are the Borderlands series, the Assassin's Creed series, Darksiders 1 and 2, Skyrim, the Gears of War series, etc.   I was looking into Fallout 4 and the Witcher 3 but can't tell if I'd really like either game. I should note I care for gameplay, exploration, puzzle-solving, etc. much more than story or graphics. Any suggestions are welcome. Thanks!
[mass effect]	This is also my first ask or anything on reddit, sorry if it's in the wrong place or if I'm doing something wrong.  But here's the thing. I have a decent computer, it can run a lot, but it couldnt scrape out Fallout. It was just a drop below the minimum. Anyways, so now after refunding fallout, I have enough money in my steam wallet to buy a game or two. Thing is, I dont know anything to buy. I have Nintendo consoles, so obviously I'm a bit out of touch with third party stuff. What are good games on steam I can play? I only own dishonored,  bioshock infinite, outlast, amnesia, and that's it. What are some good games that are out there? I really honestly dont know. I'm in the mood for SciFi especially. But I honestly have no idea what to play and I thought I should ask reddit for help.  Sorry again if this is in the wrong place or format or something. 
[xbox one]	Hey all. Hoping someone can help me here. My current gen set-up while at uni is a Wii U and a pretty capable laptop (I haven't played much recent stuff, but the Battlefront beta ran very well). Assuming I'll be buying it whatever, which controller is best to use with my laptop? I'm willing to mess around with drivers for PS4 controllers if it is going to work with any controller compatible Steam games. If I should go with Xbox, is the Xbox One controller worth the extra money over the 360 pad? Is there some other, better controller? I was holding out for a Steam controller, but that thing seems to need an iteration or two to be up to standard.  Thanks for any help.
[dungeon of the endless, endless legend, fallout 3, starcraft, fallout 4, civ]	My son is like my wife, if you ask him for a Christmas list, he'll struggle to get 2 things on it. We typically pick up games for Xmas (since they are digital I usually re-write a Christmas song into a card so he at least get's a physical present) but he really only brought up Fallout 4 and Starcraft 2's last entry.  He really likes RTS and Strategy, as well as RPG's and Minecraft style games. Some examples of games he really likes are Warcraft 3, Starcraft 2, Minecraft, Dragon Age, Mass Effect, Besiege, Civ 5, Space Engineers, etc.  I know most of the big AAA titles out, but was wanting suggestions for maybe some more recent smaller games that fit those genre's but are still good. Thanks in advance for any suggestions!
[valkyria chronicles]	I'm on an RPG kick lately-- specifically turn-based, Square/Square Enix games-- but I really haven't played many RPGs, and when I look at the "Must Play" lists, it gets a bit daunting. I recently played FFX and FFIV, which were both fantastic, and I'm currently playing Chrono Trigger.   **Things I liked about them**:  * FFX's turn system in combat, because it seemed more strategic than ATB systems. * FFIV (DS)'s difficulty. I loved having to play a boss a few times to figure out the strategy (and not just grind to level up enough to overpower them). * Chrono Trigger's lack of random encounters is such a stress reliever. * The emotional impact of FFX. * The amazing music of all of them.  **Things I wasn't crazy about:**  * The endgame grinds of FFIV and (to a lesser extent) FFX. * So far, Chrono Trigger's combat is neat in concept, but not very strategy based. But I'm not too far, so maybe that'll pan out well.  * The FF sidequests that weren't really sidequests because it seems like you'd have to look it up to realize you need to do some random shit to get a mundane seeming object which, when combined with another mundane seeming object that you get from doing some other random shit in a completely different area, gives you the ultimate weapon.  The last point wasn't actually a huge deal, more like a minor annoyance. Anyway, so I guess I just want to know which game to play next in the super vast RPG genre. I'd prefer to play a JRPG, because I like the overall feel of them storywise, although the J isn't make or break. I most importantly want a good combat system that keeps you on your feet and emphasizes strategy (and I'm totally fine if it takes a while to level up to where strategy becomes a factor). A great story, with a bit of emotional involvement, would be neat too.  I've been looking at Radiant Historia (which seems like a Choose Your Own Adventure Chrono Trigger?), FFVI and VIII, and Shin Megami Tensei (no idea which one though, just looking at all the entries makes my head spin).  Oh, and by the way, I have a 3DS, PS2, X-Box 360, and GBA.
[impossible creatures, warzone 2100]	So I play a lot of video games. All the major titles are under my belt. Skyrim, Dark Souls, Mount and Blade, Stronghold, Baldurs Gate... my steam library has over 200 games.  Often times when I play an RPG, I really enjoy creating my character, balancing the stat rolls, getting some gear... but I have little interest in the long grind. So I fall flat and get bored with the last half or so, and usually just want to start over. Pillars or Eternity is very close to what I want in a way. If you were to take that game, throw out the plot, and focus on the stronghold mechanics instead.   So I was wondering if anyone knew of any games like this? A game I think is really kick ass is Gratuitous Space Battles. I found myself thinking, "It would be sweet if instead of spaceships, I just outfitted troops in this same way."  I know it's kind of an off the wall request. What I'm actually looking for is a game that is in reality somewhat shallow, but I think I would have a lot of fun with it. I just don't really know what to look for.  Anyone out there got any suggestions? 
[space engineers, mine craft]	Hello,  I've been playing a fair bit of FTL (faster than light).  One of my favorite ways to play the game is to send guys to an enemy ship and kill all the other guys.  I love this idea, but I wish it was more involved with the ship boarding (I might play the role of one of the guys) as well as larger options with things to do with the ship.  As in possibly keeping the ship, selling it, getting lots of little parts from it, and so on.  FTL isn't really much of a space sim, it's mostly just run and kill in a space ship.  I am interested in any game with space ship to space ship boarding where the goal is to take over the ship or something like that.  Thanks
[bioshock infinite, action games, tomb raider , gta]	So as a kid, I never really got super into gaming aside from the usual Pokemon stuff. I was even terrible at all things Mario and Legend of Zelda, so I would just watch while my brother played them. I have a Steam, but I mostly use it to play story games like To The Moon, Sam &amp; Max, and Gone Home. Recently, one of my friends was playing the new tomb raider game and let me have a go at it for a little while. I was completely terrible at anything to do with shooting in it, but I still had a lot of fun. So I figured I'd like to try to get into gaming now.  My question is, what are some good games that can ease me into gaming, especially any games that are at least part fps or third person shooter? I have couple games like that on Steam that I bought during the summer sale that could qualify as this (Fallout 3 and NV, Hitman, GTA 4, Splinter Cell, LA Noire). Would any of these be a good place to start, or should I try something else?
[guild wars 2, endgame]	I am very sick of all these grindy MMOs wherein you can't participate in PvP until you've grinded away for 30 hours a week like a second job. I used to love Ultima Online even though I was constantly being ganked and interferred with. But game design has made it so difficult to play any game other than the boring pre-scripted way intended. This would be easy if I wanted to play alone- I'd play an Elder Scrolls game. But I would like to team up with my friend and kill other players and NPCs perhaps. Anything but mindlessly grinding away farming for items that won't make the pallid hue of modern MMOs any more vivid.   I big shiny star to anyone who can help. Usually I just end up playing Counter-Strike or something because I don't have to wait three weeks to start having fun. 
[dragon's dogma, star wars, kotor]	Have already played all the Elder Scrolls games, looking for something familiar, with plenty of different combat skill trees in a leveling system and character race/looks choice at the start. Would love if it was incredibly responsive (Skyrim always struck me as slow - particularly the melee classes) and it must be 3D (not a fan of top-down / that weird diagonal camera angle (eg Path of Exile)). 3rd or 1st person is fine. Any ideas?  EDIT: I'm basically after something that's World of Warcraft without the MMO bit :P  EDIT 2: I should mention I'm PC only (as I don't own a console!)  Suggestions so far; Borderlands (played all), Kingdoms of Amalur (played), Dragon's Dogma, SW:KOTOR, Dragon Age series
[sid meier's alpha centauri, sid meier's colonization , populous: the beginning, dungeon keeper 2, prison architect, this war of mine, dwarf fortress, dwarf fortress, dwarf fortress, dwarf fortress, spacebase df-9, other worlds, space colony, big pharma, planetbase, startopia, this game, this game, this game, this game, starbound, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft, anno 2070, rimworld, rimworld, rimworld, factorio, factorio, war zone]	I really liked games like Prison Architect, Rimworld, Factorio and others where you can build and expand your "base" and like in Rimworld even make your characters better through the game. Maybe even a game that is like Kenshi, just with more content. Just something that can be played for days without too much focus on a story or something like that. Not more story then the new Anno. And not to forget Mount and Blade: Warband. Played the living hell out of that game.  I would be really thankful for some advice, even if it is a bit specific.
[zombie infection, 7 days to die]	My husband was showing me some gameplay in Fallout 4 and as he was salvaging pieces from around his little camp area and building things I was experiencing a strong and unusual satisfaction from watching him clean the area up.  Currently I am playing Pillars of Eternity and restoring the abandoned, decaying Stronghold has me all sorts of giddy.  The rest of the game is fucking awesome too, but it has me wondering if there is a game more centered around rebuilding a broken village/city/continent/world.  I have played a few city building games that sometimes have objectives to take a place that is going to shit and make it prosperous again, but I don't recall seeing it change from run down to pristine and bustling.  My internet search only yielded a room cleaning simulator.  No thanks.  I can't even clean my own room.
[dark souls, meat boy]	I used to play Super Smash Bros a lot, which as you become better, you start to make more precise or efficient movement and combat choices. Games like Tumblestone are similar, in that you just shut up and play at what starts to feel like a godlike speed. I'm looking for a game where I can hand it to my friend and they'd have no idea what's happening, but when I take the controls I'm flicking through menus with ease or pulling off ridiculous well-practiced and fluid combos. Even League of Legends allows me to just get in the zone and farm before teamfights begin to take over.    Bonus points if I can put on my own music and still effectively play the game without missing any key information or cues.  EDIT: I definitely meant to say "as you become a better player" at the end.
[cherry tree high comedy club, unholy heights, scribblenauts]	She really likes the idea of Fall Out 4, but she says it's too hard, scary, and not cute. She likes that you can explore anything, pick up most stuff, craft, decorating your house/neighborhood, realistic interaction with NPCs, etc. Plus it's a *little* too intensive to run on her machine.  She does not like too much action/fighting or puzzles. She also tried the first Animal Crossing and said it was cute, but boring.   Some games she's really gotten into are:  * Plants vs. Zombies *(Cute, Funny, Strategic, Mini-Games and Endless Mode)* * Minecraft with Cute Mods/Texture Packs *(Exploration, Discovering cool/pretty things, Customization, Cute, Crafting/House building)* * Sponge-Bob Battle For Bikini Bottom *(Nostalgic, not too hard, funny, cute)*  She plays on a Toshiba Satellite Laptop with AMD graphics, a Core i5, and 8GB RAM. She uses Windows 10 and an XBOX 360 Controller. She is also friendly to emulators like Dolphin, so Gamecube Games and the like are cool, too.  Thanks!  EDIT: She just added that she likes "Magical" and Fantasy elements. haha
[be good, tetris]	Hi y'all. After catching a glimpse of an old Google Play Store receipt and seeing that my mother has previously spent -a lot- of money on Candy Crush, I'd like to get her a used DSXL for Christmas. Possibly a 3DS if I can find a decent deal. She's recently retired and enjoys puzzle games to pass the time.        Things I believe she likes about her mobile games: relaxing, go at your own pace. Challenging, but not overly difficult puzzles (though some of those Candy Crush levels are huge bastards). Mild level progression. She also used to enjoy Tetris on NES, but due to a finicky hand, that might not be a top choice unless I can find one on the cheap. Games with a primarily touch interface would be the best.      Other games to avoid are probably card games as she's not a big fan. Brain Age and mystery games are probably not going to keep her attention. No GBA games due to no touch navigation.      I'm not particularly tied to first party games. Maybe something with a Popcap level of polish and simplicity? The likes of Snood, Peggle, and Bejeweled are probably more what I'm looking for-- I'm not even sure if they're available for DS.      Any suggestions on games to seek out?
[the talos principle]	(For perspective, some of the video games I absolutely loved are Antichamber, Portal (1, 2, and Mel), Ace Attorney, Zero Escape, Danganronpa, and *especially* Ghost Trick.)  My favorite types of games are puzzles where you have to figure things out on your own. That can be either puzzles with no directions (such as Antichamber) or overcomplicated mysteries that fit together at the end (such as Ghost Trick). The most important thing for me, though, is not having any tedium. Please, Don't Touch Anything was nearly my favorite game... until I discovered I would have to click over a thousand times on one damn button to get all the endings. Quantum Conundrum was great until it turned into 'get the physics engine to cooperate with you'. A lot of other puzzle games I've seen have been the same thing over and over, unfortunately. Any suggestions for games that avoid that?  (Some others I liked that may or may not have anything to do with the 'puzzle' part: No One Has To Die, The World Ends With You, Kairo, Infinifactory, 140, Super Meat Boy.)
[crusader kings ii, hearts of iron, pcs, civ, civ, civ]	Hey all,  My brother's 20th birthday is coming up and I'm thinking of gifting him a new game over Steam, but I need some help. Like I said, he's obsessed with Civ (and has been kind of annoying my parents' by playing it on their computer all the time) so I think a change of pace would be good for him.   I don't know a whole lot about strategy games and I'm not super familiar with the stuff on Steam, but I'm looking for something that's kind of like Civ but is different. Something that might have the slower, managerial aspects of it that he can handle. He's really into history/historical figures, so anything with that would also be a plus. Anybody got some suggestions?
[fire emblem awakening]	Hello, in a few days I'll be flying to visit my family, which means sitting in an airport or on a plane for hours. I usually bring along my 3DS to keep myself entertained, but I'm starting to get sick of playing the same handful of games over and over again. So, I'm looking for something new that would be fun to play while I'm traveling.  I currently own: Smash Brothers, Zelda Ocarina of Time, Zelda A Link Between Worlds, Pokemon X, Shovel Knight, Mario Kart 7, Zelda 4 Swords, Legend of Zelda Link's Awakening, Super Mario Land 2, and Wario Land (Super Mario Land 3).  As you can see I tend to enjoy the Zelda games, though I prefer the top down view games and don't really like the 3d 3rd person view games (Ocarina of Time and Majora's Mask). A Link Between Worlds has so far been my favorite game to play on my 3DS.  I've tried a demo for one of the monster hunter games, and didn't really enjoy it.  I've also heard about Fire Emblem Awakening and Bravely Default being good games, but I'm not sure if I would enjoy them or not.
[divinity: original sin, fallout 4]	Okay so I am a bit weird with gaming tastes. For whatever reason, I love playing single player games where I can play with the AI in either a party and can customize their attributes/skills as well as my own. For instance, I like how in Guild Wars 1 when I am playing by myself I can have heroes in my party or henchmen and I can customize the heroes skills, gear, what professions I want in my party, etc. I would like a game somewhat like that. It doesn't need to be strictly single player only, but I would basically like to play a game where I at least have the option to go through by myself with AI companions/henchmen. Do you guys have any recommendations for me that fit this sort of theme?  EDIT: Oh, and I would like to play this on PC please. But if there is by any chance a console that has a LOT of these types of games I might be willing to purchase one depending on the price.
[super hexagon]	Searching games for waiting phases. Im working in the IT sector and its allowed from our boss to watch movies parallel to our work. I asked him if it would be okay to play game that are like Civ, Heroes of might and magic. Because its turn based and we have some times 2-5min waiting phases at our workplace because of installations and things like that. Well im allowed to try it if its not to time waisting. My question is now: What game would you guys recommend? PS: Sorry for my bad english. Also i would be happy if this would not end about a discussion over my special workplace. thx
[call to arms]	Hi gaming suggestions, I am an advisor in a residential dorm and with finals coming up pretty soon I'll like to organize a game-night study break for my residents.  I did google and it looks like my assumption of gamestop renting out consoles is false. Even though I am not an avid gamer, I am envisioning different categories such as a current console setup, retro consoles and something for casual gamers.  I live in collegetown so I'm assuming that my options are probably limited as well. If you've organized something like this before, I'll appreciate your thoughts on it. 
[sunless sea]	Iv'e been looking for a new game after i recently 100% the binding of Isaac. I'm not really sure what I'm looking for other than a difficult, challenging game that will take me a while to get good at. Steam recommends rouge-likes for me so i guess that is what the general vibe of the games below are.  Games i have played to completion and really enjoyed: FTL Hotline Miami 1, The Binding of Isaac, Dustforce, Super Meat Boy, Titan Souls, Risk of Rain, Dark Souls 1/2, Rouge Legacy, Jotun  Games i have been looking at: Thea: The Awakening,  Sunless Sea, Hotline Miami 2  Any suggestions based on these games? I'm hoping to get many hours out of what i decide to get. Thanks in advance :)
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r., metro 2033]	So I just beat fallout 4 and for reasons I won't go into the ending really pissed me off. It made me realize the types of games I have most enjoyed are the really immersive FPS games with a  really unique world and an amazing story. The Portal and BioShock series are my personal favorite and a great example of what I'm looking for. While it doesn't have to be first person, I do think that personally it helps my enjoyment, but in general I'm looking for something that just feels like it carries a lot of weight to it. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.   Games I've played that I think you'll suggest: The Elder Scrolls Series, Fallout Series, Dragon Age Series, Mass Effect Series  **edit:** forgot to mention this, I'm playing on PC although emulators open up the world to anything on Wii, GameCube, ps2, ps1, n64 and so on that might be relevant
[7 days to die]	My perfect game would be survival in that you have to gather resources to survive and you would get attacked by waves of enemies regularly. The base-building would be useful for your defense (crafting, new technologies, automated defenses) and scale up with the attack waves. You'd end up with a big base, automated defenses and less worry about your survival, but an interesting end game.  Don't Starve is the closest I know to what I'd like. I love it but it lacks creative freedom due to the 2D construction which makes the base-building uninteresting. And in the end-game you still have to do everything by hand.  Starmade is absolutely genius: You can create bases, stations, ships, turrets. But there is zero survival :/  Now I don't think my perfect game exists :( But are there some games you think I'd like ?  Thanks a lot !
[half-life]	So I'm building a gaming computer for my younger brother (~13yrs) for Christmas and I just wanted to know what some of the best games on steam (PC) that I should pick up for him in this sale. Violence or gore isn't really an issue and I'm sure this PC will be able to run most current and future games.  I know I'm being really broad in specifying but this kid literally plays everything on his current Xbox 360.  Some example include: Halo, COD, Skyrim (Already getting this and FO4 for him), and Madden.  Any and all suggestions are welcome and thanks in advance!
[trine 2]	Hey, So in the past year I have tried to get my girlfriend hooked to gaming. She originally only played the fable games and loves the humor, the world and style. The combat isn't to demanding and very accessible for her. I gave her Kingdom of Amalur and she loved it. Other games like skyrim did not work out. Partially due to the camera because she gets motion sickness easily.  Recently she saw me playing Ori and the Blind Forrest and mastered the game in a few days.  Do you guys and gals have advice for games that either fits the style of Fable/Amalur or Ori? She also loved Fables from telltale but other telltale games were not her thing.  tl;dr: Need a new game for my girlfriend with great world building and or humor and if possible with a faerietale like setting with a stable camera.  Thanks SO much in advance!
[the last of us, know how]	I once got my wife to play Journey on PS3 and she really enjoyed it. She's never been a gamer but has recently expressed interest in trying a game again. In particular, I'm looking for something that has no fail condition or one that won't be triggered often by a noob, and something that doesn't rely on precision execution or strategy or trial and error; she's easily frustrated and discouraged by failure - Super Meat Boy, for example, would be a big no for her. But I'm also looking for something that isn't strictly a visual novel or pure story with some interactive elements.
[transformers devastation, legend of korra]	Hello!   I am looking for deep and fast combat systems. Am I wrong in thinking that this genre is not as popular as it has once been? Its my favorite by far, so I am looking for more stuff. Graphics are not important, feel is. Have a good pc, no console. I wish I could Bayonetta. :(   I have played and loved:  All good Devil May Cry's  Metal Gear Revengence   And yep, thats about it in this genre. :( Most combats are way too slow and one dimensional for my taste. For example Darksiders, good games, boring combat. Also open to indie games and stuff. Thanks! I hope one day that kind of combat gets a proper AAA revival. Dark Souls and Witcher or the Arkham style is just not my kind of thing. Feel super starved for some good combat, also open to broaden my horizon.   Any suggestions would be super duper! :) 
[shin megami tensei iv]	Looking for something that will keep me coming back, either for short bursts, long sessions, or both. I like RPGs, but not cutesy jrpgs. I like quest mechanics and crafting, base building, and gear gathering.   Some previous favorites on other platforms are: Skyrim, WoW, red dead redemption, the last of us.  Games with nostalgia factor from childhood: final fantasy iii/vi, chrono trigger, sect of mana, street fighter ii. Not sure I'd dig the current jrpgs though. They'd have to be more mature and closer to American storytelling than the cute overacting. 
[eve online]	I miss the social aspect of MMO's, I've tried a bunch recently seeing as most things are F2P now (Wildstar/GW2), but I just feel like I'm by myself.  Are there any real social games out there? I'm not looking for second life, or something purely social. And I get that you have those funny social moments in games like CSGO where there is voice chat. But I really can't find that early 2010 social vibe MMORPG's used to give me.  Am I playing the wrong games? Are gamers less social than they used to be? Or is it just me?  Thanks guys.
[bad company, xbox]	I usually play RPG games with a slow pace and havent touched COD campaign since BO1.  Well actually I did try COD AW but didnt really like it that time. Maybe i should give it another try?  I was surprised how much im enjoying BO3 campaign. I put some HC rap instrumentals in the background and really get in to the action.  I like how the game is so linear and action packed. Theres never a dull moment. Always lots of enemies and explosions plus some scripted chaos like buildings collapsing.  So can you recommend anything that action packed? Story is not that important just looking for some good action and good gun mechanics.
[dawn of war, garry's mod, minecraft]	I'm planning with my friends on pulling off an all nighter this weekend and we still cannot decide what games to play, we have agreed not to play the following : dota,lol,cs,wow beceause of various reasons ( lol players refusing to play dota and vice versa and also beceause we want to change a little bit) so we are looking for games that we have not played before and that would be enjoyable in a 10 man lan party. so i would love you guys to help me out here, game price and computer specs do not matter, but we will not be connecting to the internet so please take that into account.
[spaceteam]	Looking for a game to play with my boyfriend. Doesn't have to be MMO but it can be, as long as we can play with/against each other.  A browser game would be cool so we could play on the computers at school during downtime between classes. Downloads are an option but my laptop isn't that great. Phone games are good too, he has an iPhone and I have a Droid.  We both like FPS and sandbox RPG games. I also used to play RTS games like Warcraft II and the LotR one, those were fun so something like that would be cool. Thanks!
[borderlands 2, same game]	I have BL2 for the PC and I don't like it as much as I liked the first one. However, I don't have the 1st one anymore as it was on my xbox 360 which I traded in for a ps3. Anyway now I'm trying to decide between either buying BL1 again to enjoy through a few more times (I like replaying games) or trying the newest Pre-sequel.  So I came to you guys to help me decide. What I didn't like about the second one was that the weapons didn't seem to go well with the classes that you could build. Like in the first BL, I liked to have an explosive shotgun class with brick. In the second one, *there was no way you could use a certain class for a certain weapon type* and get any bang for your buck because all classes were equally good with all the weapon types. Plus they completely *took out weapon proficiencies* and added that badass rank thing which was dumb.  anyway I guess I'm asking if the pre-sequel is more like the first borderlands or the second, in terms of **gameplay, loot, and class building**. I don't care about the story *at all*. If I want story, I watch a movie not play a game.
[dust: an elysian tail]	Sorry for the odd request, but I'm rather obsessed with tails, especially large ones like Reptilian tails. So I love playing games where I can play as a character that has a large tail like that. I know a decent amount already but more people giving suggestions would be great. A great example of what I'd like is say, how in smash I can play as Charizard and Mewtwo, in League I can play as Renekton, and so on. Free-to-play online games or cheap steam games would be good suggestions, as those aren't as well advertised but I am open to hearing about any game that has this.  Once again, sorry for the weird request, would just love to find good games that fit this to try out...
[heroes of the storm, left 4 dead, diablo 3]	I'm trying to find a multiplayer based game that is easy to start playing, has some variety or something to help keep me interested, and has a good community.  I've thought about getting into Counter Strike since I have some friends who are very good at it, but every time I play I get discouraged because i'm really bad and don't have the consistent free time to practice a lot. And if i play with friends "actual CS:GO" which is demolition on Dust, I spend about 35 minutes of the 40 minute game dead since I'm just not very good.   Not a fan of how MOBAs play in general but the long game times, and absolutely toxic community I've experienced when I tried out League of Legends has turned me away from it, and discourages me from other similar styles of games.  What suggestions do you have?
[nosferatu, toee]	Hey guys! I have made a [thread like this](https:// a year ago, and it was a BLAST reading through the comments. I discovered many great games I had no idea existed (Chrono Trigger, Dark Messiah, Jagged Alliance 2, series..),and had an awesome time playing them!   Time for the re-run of the thread! Genre doesn't matter,age of the game doesn't matter, try to sell your favorite game to everyone to get people to try out the awesomeness you enjoy! 
[dragon age origins]	I love Bethesda games (Fallout, Elder Scrolls) and Bioware games (have only played KOTOR 1/2 and the Mass Effect series).  These are my favorite games of all time, and the things I see in common are that they have a very built up lore and a believable universe, choices available to you as the character, and different character builds, and a fully customizable character.  Although you can't change the looks of Geralt, The Witcher 3 is one game I do have, and will play (into Fallout 4 currently).  It seems to have a great world, story, and choice, with different ways to build Geralt.  What other games would you recommend?  I tried Dragon Age 3, and just couldn't get into it.  I could give it another go (I didn't like the original Mass Effect my first attempt at playing it), but it seemed so overly filled with things to do, none of which seemed that interesting.  From what I played, the combat wasn't enjoyable for me either.
[time to play]	Please note that I don't have Xbox Live Gold, so all of these games will be played offline.    Fallout: New Vegas  I'm replaying and I'm about halfway in. I really love this series.   Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3/Call of Duty: Black Ops 2  I've heard really good things about both of these games but I'm not very far into them.   Red Dead Redemption  I've played this game in the past, but I didn't do the story. I've heard amazing things, though.    Noire  I really love the concept of this one, but I've also heard that the execution is kind of mediocre.   Assassin's Creed 2  I'm replaying and I like this game, but I'm honestly liking it the least out of these games.   Outlaws (the really old one for PC)   I played this when I was a kid and liked it but I'm not sure how well it will hold up.
[wolfenstein]	Hey guys, i'm currently (take advantage of the steam sale ^^) looking for a shooter (first or 3rd person doesn't matter, though i think for the real shooter a 1st person shooter is better).   I have a few requirements and i'm currently struggling to decide which one to buy. The game - shouldn't be too dark - should have humans as enemies (i don't like that whole zombie stuff) - doesn't have to have a good multiplayer mode, though it's a plus - needs to have a kick-ass campaign - shouldn't be too expensive (guess like 10 dollar/euro/sfr is my limit... well for really good games i'd pay more.. but there is a maximum ^^)  I'm really a shooter newbie, though i'm quite experienced in RPG/MMORPG.  Thanks in advance :)  Edit: Bad typo in the title.. :/
[xenoblade chronicles x, bayonetta 2, wii u, wii u, kirby]	I currently have a fairly decent gaming PC and a huge backload of games but there are certain games that I keep hearing about that I want to play on console. Additionally, I miss the feel of chilling in front of the big screen and playing a game. So I've been looking into some consoles but I'm having a hard time making a decision.  Game choices drive my purchasing (not hardware or streaming options - Netflix, etc.) and though I'd assumed there would be more exclusive titles, there seems to be a ton of overlap with the PC catalog. Practically all of the highest scoring games on PS4 and XB1 are available on PC. Notable exceptions: Last of Us, Forza (I love driving games), Destiny, and the Uncharted series. The Wii U* has its own Nintendo stuff.  So...  - All things considered, is it currently worth getting any of the consoles if I have a pretty decent PC and the intention to play most major titles (FO4, Witcher 3, etc.) on it? It seems like it isn't but I just don't know if I'm missing something.  - What games are coming out in the next year or so for the major consoles that should make me want to buy a console?  Any advice or offhand knowledge is welcome.  edit: Oh and reverse compatibility and catalog availability from previous generations is a huge factor for me as well. It's hard to parse everything that's available without doing a ton of research, I'm just looking for a few soundbites to break it down for me.
[motorstorm, burnout 3, xbox]	This is a somewhat idealistic post, and the game I'm envisioning may not exist. However, based on the off-chance that I *might* strike gold, I have to make this post.  Platform doesn't matter. I'll buy any console or build any PC for the sort of game I'm going to describe.  Genre is irrelevant. I don't care if it's realistic, fantasy, sci-fi, whatever. It can have a story or no story; customization or no customization; combat or no combat. None of that matters. They're *bonuses*, but not at all necessary.  What *does* matter is that I feel like I'm going fucking *fast*, and as an added bonus, ways to always go *faster*. Like, just when I feel like the car has reached its limits, both in the way of speed and simply just keeping itself together, maybe you can engage some NO2 or perhaps an even more intense oxidizing agent to make the car go fucking berserk and to drive the speedometer into the red.  If you guys have seen the anime movie "Redline", it should help to give a sense of what I'm talking about. They go goddamned fast, and even when their cars are shaking apart, breaking the laws of physics, they can still go *faster*, and it's fucking awesome. The entire movie is nothing but pure adrenaline. I want that in a racing game. I *need* that in a racing game.  I've played a few racing games in the past. I've always been a big fan of Grid, and Need for Speed: Underground 2 was great. The Flatout series is great but lacks the speed that I desire.  Right now, I think the F-Zero series of games is the closest to what I'm asking for. They're slightly dated, but they're also fucking *awesome* and almost exactly what I'm asking for. I want to know if there's anything else that comes close.
[strategic combat]	I know FTL probably doesn't count as real-time since you can pause.  Also, I did play Starcraft Brood War in my teens, but I don't really want to go to Starcraft again.  I was considering this game called Banished, but really I want something that a newcomer to the genre could enjoy that's still excellent.   Edit - So when I say RTS what I really mean is even broader than that: any game where you're a commander.  I've been a console gamer for a long time and I'm entering new territory here I don't even know all of the genres this might encompass.  
[bulletstorm]	I'll try to be short and on point. I liked/played  **Hotline Miami 1&amp;2** top games, masterpieces  **Warhammer 40,000: Space Marine** - had decent fun halfway through it, became stale  **Wolfenstein The Old Blood** - lacks human waves to shoot throught, has concentrated fun doses instead       -Related PS2 games which I used to enjoy (PC gamer only now)-  **Spartan: Total Warrior** - human mowing en masse  **Shadow of Rome** - gladiators and fountains of blood  I want violence and quick engaging action. Please no M&amp;B / Dark Souls/ Shadow of Mordor/devil may cry recommendations if those come to your mind. If there is anything that can come close to the hype HM gives the player that would be prime, Wolfenstein and such tho fun aren't the type you can go in and out of in bursts of gameplay  Thank you all in advance.  
[minecraft]	My friends and I (3 men one woman) are looking for some new online multiplayer games to play. We all work full time so it needs to be something that we can play whenever we want and as long as we want.  We don't want to play MOBAs or MMOs. We already got a lot of first person shooters but not all of us like these. Also most of us don't play on consoles so we are limited to steam (except the game is not on steam but on GOG for example and has full multiplayer support).  Games we already play to show what we like: Rocket League, Castle Crashers, Chivalry, Guns of Icarus, Europa Universalis and Crusader Kings, Worms Franchise, The Guild Franchise.  Show us what you got! :)
[card hunter]	I was playing some Magic Duels and Hearthstone, and I like the battles, but am not really that much of a fan of the deckbuilding aspect. I wonder if a game exists that would appeal to people like me, as deckbuilding is an integral and big part of these types of games. I'd basically be asking for a game almost missing  a core element that makes a genre, or at least making it less important xP. It's like asking for Hardcore Punk without any aggression. (although, that kind of thing coincidentally exists, which is why I'm still asking.)
[front mission, castlevania, sweet home, gunstar, yoshi]	Like the title says, I'm trying to find some good 8-32 bit games that can be played on the computer (through emulation if need be) or on the DS and WiiU. I'm open to finding an older console if the price/game/maintenance is worth it. I'm hoping to build a bigger list, some of the games that I'm interested in playing are below.  - Bahamut Lagoon   - Ogre Battle: The March of the Black Queen - Dragon Warrior - Castlevania - Older Zelda games - Final Fantasy 1-3, 4, 5  I'm not to picky when it comes to games, so any suggestions would be great. Many thanks in advance!
[fallout 4]	So... I have a PC that should be able to run both of these games fine (FX6300, 8GB RAM, GTX 970) I know my CPU could use an upgrade as well as my RAM but in order to do that I need a new Mobo and right now money isn't flowing.   EITHER WAY  I have some money in my steam account and considering I graduate from my university in a week I want to reward myself with a good storyline game.   Which would you choose? Fallout 4 or Witcher 3?   I really did enjoy Fallout 3 (as well as all elder scroll games). I have not played Witcher 2, but I believe I would enjoy the game too.   Which do you guys think is better? 
[rocket league]	I feel like I've overplayed most games in the library and need inspiration.  Games I've played and why I don't today:  BF3, CS:GO, HotS - All somewhat competitive online games. Nothing wrong with the games, they're quite brilliant. However, I don't have the time to train my skills and my tolerance for toxic player is close to zero. I only have 1-2 hours per day tops so I cannot waste time on that.  Total War (pretty much all of them) - Again, brilliant games but they get repetitive and the AI doesn't give much a challenge these days. I've played it to death but it is my favorite franchise even if I've taken a break from it.  Skyrim - My shot at open world RPGs. Epic for the first few days but then it gets overwhelming. A lot of go to cave, kill the guy, get the loot, return said loot to NPC. It's like WoW with dialogs and fancier graphics.  Tomb Raider - As someone who never played the originals, the reboot was just great. Reasonably fast paced, really good work on Lara Croft's character. But not so good that I'd play it twice. I'm not much for gathering collectibles or achievements.
[bioshock infinite, battlefield 3, bad company, this game, star wars]	I have a group of 4 friends that have all purchased Battlefront and are enjoying it immensely.  I played the beta and really loved the game even though assault was a bit unbalanced towards one side.  Now that the game is out, I am now conflicted. I do not like what this game represents for the gaming industry. I have not been a supporter of "map pack" or "skin" style DLC unless I have put 100h+ into a game.  The base game is $47 (GMG) + $50 season pass, or $15 per DLC ($45 total). I don't want to end up paying $100 for games that I'm interested in. I know this game is good, I've seen a few of my friends play the full game and I know that there is a decent amount of content. The online reviews and general community seems up in arms about the price and the implications supporting this type of pricing in the gaming community could have.  So I turn to this sub-reddit - should I buy the game to have fun with my friends, or stick to my guns and not support what EA/DICE is trying to push with this game. I'm very conflicted and I don't think I can figure this out in my head. I don't plan to buy any DLC - Is there enough content in the base game?
[uncharted collection]	My coworker is looking for a game he can play with his son. He has a few criteria. I was hoping you guys could suggest some games since I don't have a console of any type and really don't know what's available.  * It can have shooting, but he doesn't want a "shooter".     * It doesn't have to be multiplayer per se, but it does need to be a game they can play together.     * It should be "like Indiana Jones, where you have to go on an adventure and survive and stuff"     * Not too complicated in terms of skill trees and whatnot  I'm thinking some type of RPG Adventure game would fit that pretty well. Tomb Raider is the only one I can come up with, but that might be too shooty.  He is also looking for a game that fits the bill of "I loved Super Mario. Are there games like Super Mario?" Ratchet and Clank seems kind of like that. Any others?
[life is strange]	As the title says, I'm looking for games with outstanding soundtracks. Soundtracks with melodies or an atmosphere that get you hooked. The genre of the game doesn't matter at all; however it would be great if it's available on PC or any console I can emulate via PC (basically anything up to the Wii).  It's really hard to describe what exactly I'm looking for since I don't really care about the era or genre of the soundtrack. It can be any kind of music, as long as it's got some great melodies for me to lose myself in. With that said, I'm not too fond of *most* of these modern orchestral, string-laden soundtracks (ala Skyrim); if the whole soundtrack consists of this type of music, I usually find it a bit boring.  To give you an idea about my preferences, here are a few of my all time favorites (plus release year and the platform I played the game on). Off the top of my head, I can think of...  * Mega Man 2 (1988, NES) * Duck Tales (1989, NES) * Ghouls n Ghosts (1989, Amiga) * Ys I &amp; II (1989, PC Engine) * Journey to Silius (1990, NES) * Turrican II (1991, Amiga) * Zone Warrior (1991, Amiga) * Lotus III: The Ultimate Challenge (1992, Amiga) * Space Crusade (1992, Amiga) * Doom (1993, PC) * Lords of Thunder (1993, PC Engine CD) * The Smurfs (1994, Game Boy) * Super Metroid (1994, SNES) * Super Mario 64 (1996, N64) &lt;-- only *Dire, Dire Docks* for some reason :) * Castlevania: Symphony of the Night (1997, PS1) * Outcast (1999, PC) * Shenmue (1999, Dreamcast) * Ikaruga (2003, Dreamcast) * The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker (2003, GameCube) * Dragon Quest VIII (2004, PS2) * Shadow of the Colossus (2005, PS2) * Mass Effect (2007, PC) * Alan Wake (2010, PC) * Super Meat Boy (2010, PC) * VVVVVV (2010, PC) * Ni no Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch (2011, PS3) * FEZ (2012, PC) * Hotline Miami (2012, PC) * Kentucky Route Zero (2013, PC) * Rayman Legends (2013, PC) * Shovel Knight (2014, PC) * Axiom Verge (2015, PC) * Ori and the Blind Forest (2015, PC) * The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt (2015, PC)  I've limited myself to the one game with my favorite soundtrack per series here. So please don't recommend other games from these series; I'd most likely already know them.  Now I'm really looking forward to your suggestions :)
[assassin's creed, the witcher]	My grandpa is going to get a PS4 for Christmas and I wanted to know what games to suggest him. He loves open-world RPGs. So far his favorite games are Skyrim, Fallout 3 and New Vegas, and GTA V. He's played all of them for several hours, and in the case of Skyrim, hundreds of hours. He's also tried the Splinter Cell games and I think he said he liked them. For first-person games, he really likes auto-aim like in GTA, where when you aim, your crosshair snaps to an enemy. He really likes exploration, so I got him to try Far Cry 4, but he didn't really like it and it was a bit too hard. He is already going to get Fallout 4. Any ideas?  ###TL;DR:  * ***EXPLORATION!***  * Easy-ish  * Auto-aim  * For PS4
[ark: survival evolved]	So I have a 4 man crew I game with (all RL friends) that has become bored with Rust (combined 5000 hours in the game).  I'm looking for a PC game that is multi-player, PvP / PvE that offers a very aggressive game play experience, where skill and hours matter and there's the element of risk. I love knowing that my skill and technique puts my effort at an advantage over another, newer, player.   I want to hunt and be hunted, with real consequences. If I spend 50 hours of my time harvesting resources and building a base, I want to know that it can be lost to someone else (lucky or better) and be able to do the same to others. I don't want to be able to respawn and start right where I left off - I want to fight and claw and think my way to the top - not just game some stat tracker or camp a spawn point.   I want the next great Tear Mine. I want to see rage posts about how some assholes (us) just ruined some kids life because we stole their candy. I want to have a game where people have a genuine investment of their time on the line, where rage quits are epic and lasting, because the consequences are personal and tangible.  I want to walk away in disgust when someone gets the best of me and my entire weekend of work was destroyed by someone better than me (aka not by hackers / cheaters).   Does this game exist?   So far we've tried:   Eve Online, Elite:Dangerous, 7D2D, DayZ, Reign of Kings, The Forest, Stomping Lands. Obviously Minecraft (which was way too tame and full of children).   Help me out guys. Thanks   **edit:** Looking for something that's at least as developed as Rust, and on par graphically. text and 8 bit looking games are fine if your computer is a TV plugged into a potato, but we all have high end systems, so we'd like 3d graphics, good sound, and complexity. 
[heroes of the storm]	Recently I've gained a little bit of an interest in MOBA's and want to try and see how they are, and whether Id find them enjoyable. I know there are a fair number out there, Ive had DOTA 2 sitting in my steam library untouched, but do not know which would be a good one to start with. Which would be the easiest to learn, or are a number of them fairly easy to pick. Im also looking for one that I wouldn't take forever to do one match, but if it would take 20-40 minutes that would be good. Thanks for any help.
[kerbal space program]	Hello!  I'm looking for a game for myself to play. Generally I enjoy all and any genres, but there is one particular thing about games that really draws me to them, and it's the ability to study the heck out of them and become a walking wikipedia knowing a ton of stuff about the game. It has to be meaningful in some way - if I can just hoard a ton of knowledge but it won't help me win / be successful in a significant way, that's not good enough.  Games that have done this for me in the past (just to give some examples): League of Legends, DotA2, World of Warcraft, Binding of Isaac, Tales of Maj'Eyal, Hearthstone (to some extent), Terraria.  I'm just looking for ideas because I'm kind of dry and wanting to find my next addiction. Thanks everyone!
[rocket league]	**So here's our situation:** Currently me and my best friend loves gaming over most things in life, but we're having the worst anxiety right now since there is no game who fits us. We've been playing LoL, and we loved it, but grew tired of it. Then we went into WoW, but the game just didn't feel 100% like our game after a while, we're really excited for Legion, but it feels boring to play now as everything you do is to "prepare for legion". Lately we've been playing CS:GO and we both feel that's the game we've been getting the most serious within. We love CS:GO and most aspects of it. It's competetive, team based, deep, skill based, has a huge crowd and so on, but we feel like we're so far behind. We started to play the game to late, so even if we put every possible hour into the game from now on, we'll never even catch up to the lowest tiers of competetive players (leagues, ladders etc). Thats why we want to start a new game that gives us the same feeling. You can talk about it offline, imagine new tactics, and easilly spend a whole weekend just getting better at the game. So far we've concidered Overwatch or Paladins, but none of them are released yet, so is there any other games? I've searched for it but only found the big games we've already played and grown tired of. We want a fairly new game so we can join tournaments and so on, without there being hundreds of thousands of players that have played longer and therefore are more skilled than us.    The games we've tried are:   * **Heroes of Newerth** *(to dead and toxic community, unbalanced heroes)*,   * **league of legends/cs:go/wow** *all lovable games but they all have been around to long and we will forever feel like scrub.* *  * **Brawlhalla** *great game but no crowd so far, also to repepetive*.   * **Call of Duty: Black Ops 3** *it sucked balls*,   * **Battlefront** *great game but not very competitive, more casual and you don't get that competitive pumped up adrenaline feeling you get after a 1v3 clutch on cs:go/LoL*,   * **Hearthstone** *doesn't feel like an PvP game to neither of us, more like a time consumer for train rides*.  Any tips will be greatly appreciated. We really want that feeling of sitting down a Friday night after a hard week of work, just ordered pizza, pumping some soft drum and base music in the speakers and just set up my friends computer for a full weekend of gaming, and playing the game we love. I really feel that we will do this with Overwatch, and The Division, but they are to far away from being released, and we got a huge abstinence for a game we havent found yet.  **REDDIT SAVE US**
[katawa shoujo]	So I really, really, reaaaaally like games where you can make choices which will impact how the game goes. The theme of a game is not important, but a big plus for life simulations and romance but everything actually works. And please dont suggest me games that are heavy on specs, actually heavy at all because I have a shitty PC. Mostly using my xbox anyways. Basically any small game where you make decisions? A great example of what I have in mind is Emily is Away, super small free steam game which I enjoyed alot. So something like that?
[wolfenstein: the new order, this game]	I haven't really played too many FPS games recently, and I'm hoping to find something that fits what I'm looking for.  I've made up a small list of features I like and dislike.  I would like a game that:  - Is primarily single player with good replayability and plenty of content.  Story based, open world, or just mission/mode based, doesn't matter.  - Good gunplay, ideally with some challenge, but being able to feel like a badass is a big plus.  - Some kind of advancement, unlock, non-cosmetic customization, large variety of weapons and equipment, or other similar RPG elements that allow for "builds" or customization of play style.   Do not want:  - Just no zombies.  Seriously.  I'm so tired of zombies.  - Stealth and/or survival horror.  Some stealth or survival elements are fine, but I don't enjoy the survival horror style of game in the least bit and I don't want to be skulking around all the time.  - Did I mention no zombies?   Would be nice:  - Co-op multi-player  - Fairly modern (older graphics are a bit of a turn off)   Don't care:  - Could have competitive multiplayer.  Don't care as I won't play it.  It shouldn't be the focus of the game.   Some games I've already played or considered off the top of my head:  - Borderlands series.  I like them.  Co-op, skill trees, classes, tons of loot.  Something like this would be great, humor or not.  - Left 4 dead.  Hated it.  Too many zombies. Too drab and dark.  - Payday 2.  Meh.  Fun for a few weeks at best.  Progression felt too slow and it was repetitive.  - Fallout 3/NV.  Good games, but not enough FPS.  They're more for when I need an RPG.  Haven't tried 4 yet because my current computer cannot run it.  Hopefully I'll have my new PC soon.  - Metro series.  Disregarded as they are described as survival horror.  - Farcry?  If it's just Ubisoft Game with some guns then probably not.  Don't know enough about it.  - Just Cause 2.  Fun sandbox, but not a good shooter.  - If Destiny was on PC it seems like I may enjoy that.  I have it for PS4 but can't do shooters on a controller to save my life.  Anything similar?
[spec ops: the line]	He sent me the following Facebook message:  &gt;Send me your damn email need to know if you know of any good PS3 games not on my list:  &gt;Assasin Creed Trilogy  &gt;Assasin Creed 3  &gt;Assasin Creed 4  &gt;Unchartered  &gt;Uncharered 3  &gt;Battlefield Medal of Honor  &gt;Battlefield 3  &gt;Battlefield Bad Company  &gt;Call of Duty 3  &gt;Call of Duty Ghosts  &gt;Hitman  &gt;Max Payne 3  &gt;Sniper 2  &gt;Fallout New Vegas  &gt;Borderlands 2  &gt;Metal Gear 5  &gt;Red Dead Redemption  &gt;Resident Evil  &gt;Dablo  &gt;Batman Arkham City  &gt;God of War  &gt;The Last of Us  &gt;Sacred 3  &gt;Remember Me  &gt;Bioshock Infinite  &gt;OO7 Blood Stone  &gt;Skyrim  &gt;Book of Spells  &gt;Destiny  &gt;Crysis 2  &gt;Socom 4   &gt;Must be one person game.   I never had a PS3 myself, and our tastes usually don't line up. You can tell he's big into shooters. Anyone have any good suggestions along these lines?  EDIT: I did supply him with my damn email address.
[deus ex: human revolution]	Hi, this Friday I'm dedicated to gaming entirely and I want to play an AMAZING game. I will game for 6-12 hours for sure, and want to feel like I get attached and have to continue to play tomorrow. It can be any game, it just has to be great. I've searched for "best games of all times" but I never believe the lists from big companies as it feels like every third game has paid to be on that list. I want to feel like the main character, and get a cinematic feeling, not as in a movie, but as in what I do feels true to the story. Also, rather be 2013 or later, since I can't enjoy a game that doesn't require a semi heavy rig anymore, I'm sorry guys, but I just can't. I only play PC now days.  My favorite games you can go on (in order):  * 1. The Last Of Us * 2. Dishonored * 3. Bioshock 2 * 4. GTA V * 5. Portal 2 * 6. Bioshock: Infinite * 7. Max Payne 3 * 8. Sleeping Dogs  Favourite online games: Dota2, CS:GO, LoL, WoW, StarCraft 2  Also, Half Life 2 was amazing and shouldn't even be listen.  I also enjoyed playing Dead Space, Dragon Age: Inquisition, Mass Effect 2/3, The Witcher 3, Alien Isolation, but I only played 2-3 hours before I grew tired of them all, sorry.
[deadpool, deadpool]	So, not so long ago a game called Devil's Third came out exclusively for the WiiU. I don't care what critics or some people think about it - from what I've seen, it seemed really awesome to me. Are there any games like it on PC?   What I'm looking for, basically, is a third person action game that combines both melee combat and shooting mechanics to the same degree and features encounters (both regular ones and boss fights) that let you utilize both of these at the same time, and where there's no emphasis on one over the other. Bonus points for having over the top, B-movie storyline and atmosphere.  Here's the hard part of the request - don't suggest Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance. I tried it already but found it a bit too fast paced and melee-oriented for my liking. Something like it, but slower paced and with more shooting to accompany the melee combat would've been great, though.  Are there any PC games that fit those criteria out there? Thanks in advance for suggestions. 
[freedom fighters, door kickers]	I love planning things ahead of time and then watching them be executed. My favorite shooter in this respect was an old Rainbow Six game that was on the N64.   I forget which one it is but you had a map of the map like a blueprint and you could split your 4 man squad in any way you wanted. Could have all of them follow you or you could draw on the map having them go down certain paths and even wait at certain doorways until you give a command (Alpha / Bravo / Charlie ect) and then they'll continue down their path...   It was amazing and just felt good to set up an ambush with say a room having multiple doorways in. Having each member at a different door (including yourself) and then giving the Alpha command and everyone opens the doors at the exact same time and goes in guns blazing... I've never seen a game that had a similar feeling as this, are there even any?   X-Squads was also a really fun shooter for me on the PS2. It wasn't nearly as in depth but being able to tell certain teammates to go to certain locations was neat.   Doesn't have to be a newer game either, I just love these types of games. 
[just dance, barbie, barbie, wii u, wii u, wii u, yoshi, kirby, kirby, kirby, kirby]	Bonus points if the characters are princesses.  They like Super Mario 3D World, but would fight over who got to be Peach until I unlocked Rosalina.  They sometimes like Mario Kart, but I think they struggle with understanding that it's a race. They occasionally just stop or go the wrong way.  They like Smash but I don't think they understand the objective. They just like to pick an outfit and then run around for a couple minutes.  Yoshi's Wooly World was popular for the first week after we got it, but it's just a touch too hard for them at the moment so I think they lost interest after failing to beat the first level in that time frame.  Lately they've been giving Donkey Kong Tropical Freeze a shot, but again, with only one character clearly marked as female, they fight over who gets to be her.  I'd prefer suggestions of games I might enjoy too, but if one of those heavy handed attempts to whore out a trademarked character for a quick cashgrab fits my criteria the recommendation would still be welcomed.
[rogue legacy]	* Has tons of enemies.  * Has chest to loot for items, money, weapons, and gear.  * The ability to use in game money to buy better weapons etc.  * Levels that have backgrounds like [this](http:// and not like [this.](https://  Not terraria. I don't like the building/destroying part of the game or the look of it.  Is there anything like that?  I've been wanting a game like this for awhile.
[don't starve, minecraft]	I like the idea of exploring the jungles, forests, islands, deserts and the challenge NOT being zombies or people with guns, the challenge should be more or less the environment. I also don't like games with heavy fantasy and mythical creatures and goblins and stuff. I don't like 2D games and games that are really old or terrible graphics. I know I'm being picky but maybe one of you know a good game for me. I have found a few games that are on the right track but want to see what else is out there:  **Miasmata:** Perfect atmosphere but has weird creatures, uncaptivating plot and not the right fit  **Islanded:** Too empty of a world and lacking of plot and full of bugs and not too detailed to make up for it  **Stranded Deep:** Cool concept but I watched some reviews and it looks pretty bad.  **The Long Dark:** Looks AWESOME but in it's current state it just gets boring and repetitive far too quickly, not that it won't change when it's fully released.  **Firewatch:** Looks pretty awesome as well but it's not released yet.  **Far Cry 4:** Some aspects I love but overall is not what I'm looking for.  I have a PS3, XBOX360 with no live and a shitty laptop that can't run most games and can pretty much just run minecraft.  Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated, thank you very much for reading and replying!
[runescape, runescape, turn off]	Ok, not a lot of time on my hands these days, I was one of those old Runescape players during 2008-2010 and I liked the game then and I do still enjoy RS3 update.  But the turn off of Runescape for me is The Grind of it all to get the top stuff, I know mmo's will always be grindy but RS always seemed a bit too grindy for me, aka GrindScape.  How is Guild Wars 2 with the grind for top tier gear and levels.  Same question with The Elder Scrolls Online, too.  I did enjoy Skyrim but when I go on ESO I barely made it out of the starting area.  Maybe someone that has played all 3 could give me some feed back or if you have played one of them extensively you could list some pros and cons of the game.  Also I never was big on PVP but instead of bossing but one in the problems I ran into RS with was never having people to go boss with so if that would help on the suggestions.  I enjoyed the different skills of RS, it was nice to be able to switch a different style when I got tired of a Skill.
[tetris]	My dad is disabled and unemployed, so he has a LOT of free time. A lot of the time, he sits and plays Solitaire on his computer with the TV on in the background. But I think he's getting burnt out. Lately I've been thinking about creating a Steam account for him and loading it up with a few games he can sink a lot of time into. He's obviously not a serious gamer, but he's also played a lot of Asteroids and a couple other arcade games, and he played through the original Halo like ten years ago. So the games don't have to be quite as casual as Solitaire, but I'd like to learn toward things he can play while watching TV.  Thanks in advance!  EDIT: Wow, I got more responses than I expected. Thanks for the suggestions, everyone. I've got a lot of good ideas now.
[starpoint gemini 2, freelancer]	Hiya, Freelancer (the space opera sim) on PC is perhaps my all time favorite game, even if it has its flaws. Cruising around in a vast galaxy was just incredibly liberating.  To this end I am interested to hear if someone can recommend some other games that are similar in feel to Freelancer. I do not have time for Eve unfortunately, and I didn't really enjoy the very non-interactive gunplay and solo-abilities there. I already own X3: TC but I found the controls a bit intimidating. I have read that Elite:Dangerous feels a bit tedious, and more similar to a Truck Sim Game. Are there any other games similar to Freelancer that I should try out? It doesn't have to be "the game", as long as I get to scratch that spacetravelling itch.  Oh, and if it's important I'm using an alienware m11x R2 laptop for my gaming. Not the most high end tech in other words, but it can handle most games from the ps3/360 era.  Thank you so much in advance for any suggestions!
[lollipop chainsaw, no more heroes]	I can't say I've had as much fun playing a single game as I did with [GOD HAND](https:// I've tried looking for something similar but have yet to come up with anything that's as much fun.  I like that it's fast paced but not overly-technical, and I love how you can interact with the environment - particularly throwing objects and throwing and knocking people into water or off ledges. There's something incredibly satisfying about throwing a barrel at someone and seeing them fly into the water. I also enjoy the crazy and off-beat story and humor.  While not as fast paced I enjoyed games like Yakuza and Sleeping Dogs which had some of these elements. Any suggestions for other games like this?
[sins of a solar empire: rebellion]	I'm looking for a very specific style of game.  A game where you can slowly take over the map and eventually rule the entire game.  Sorry for the long rantpost here:  This is an insatiable urge that I have.  So far the only game I have played that seems to quell it is Godfather: The Game.  If you haven't played it, you have a whole map of New York to play in, with 100+ businesses spread across it.  Pros:  At any time (not during a mission obviously) you can go take over a business, kill the enemy mobsters, and extort the owner.  The business is now yours and makes you money.  You can do this for every business on the map and by the end of the game you are the Don of New York.  You own everything, you've defeated the other families, and you rule supreme.  The gunplay is pretty great with a lock-on targeting system and ability to take cover anywhere.  You can target specific parts like a leg and cripple an enemy so they can't run, or their arm to disarm them.  Some businesses are more difficult to take over with more guards, so you have to wait til you are a higher level and have better guns to take these down.  So there is a little strategy in what to take over and when.  Cons: The game was made in 2006, so almost all of the businesses are tilesets with only like 8 variations.  So while this is fun, it can get very repetitive as even the enemies spawn in the same positions at different locations.  Also its the same game everytime.  I play this game every year or two because I have yet to find another like it that I enjoy as much, but it's the same game everytime and I don't want to play it again, but I need to satisfy this urge.  They made a sequel, The Godfather II, in 2009, which wasn't as good as the first.  It did add some really cool elements into this taking over the map aspect.  Pros: Enemy families now attack your businesses from time to time and if you don't have good enough defense or go defend it yourself, they can take it from you and you have to go reclaim it.  But this is really fun considering the other thing they added:  Your own team of specialists.  As the Don of your own family you can recruit people as your Enforcers, Capos, etc.  You can have these guys follow you around as a squad to take over these places, or can even send them as defenders to a business being attacked if you don't want to deal with it yourself.  Cons:  The map is split up into several smaller maps now instead of one big map to take over.  There is a significantly lower number of businesses, maybe 30-40 across the whole game.  The whole game felt cheap and simple.  Gunplay was not as great as in the first one.  The attacks that the enemy families do are usually pretty spread out and rarely a real threat.  The businesses are mostly the same difficulty and therefore not a lot of strategy in which places you hit and when.  **So what I'm really looking for**   **tl;dr**  A game where you can take over the map and claim everything as yours.  Optional: enemy fights back, your own squad of AI buddies you can command, use as backup or defenders, etc.
[sins of a solar empire: rebellion, wargame]	I'm looking for a PC (ideally steam) game to play skirmish matches with my friends. We've been playing a ton of Supreme Commander 2, but the limited map selection and sizes is becoming a problem.  Anybody know of any other RTS games that allow you to zoom way out, ideally out to the whole map like you can in the Sup Comm games? It is so hard for me to play other games now where I feel like the camera is down in the dirt.  I also really appreciate having the research/tech tree not being tied to specific structures like they do in Starcraft.  Thanks for the suggestions.
[call of juarez]	Basically, I love pistols more than anything. I want a shooter in which pistols, while perhaps not viable primaries, can still be used to devastating effect.  What I want is a game full of different pistol choices with whom I can wreak havoc. For example, CoD Black Ops 2 had incredibly strong pistols with which I could clear rooms if I so wanted, unlike the Rainbow Six/Ghost Recon games where you need seven shots to kill a decently armored opponent.  I also don't want a bunch of hand cannons like the Desert Eagle or some Revolvers to dominate. I'd prefer them to all be viable, unlike CS:GO, in which everyone just buys the Deagle because it's so ridiculously overtuned and easy to use. 
[dodgeball]	Essentially, I'm looking for something on PC that's casual, action'ish PC game, preferably playable with a controller, that looks cool.  It doesn't need to be super "deep". Most of my game are strategy games, or "serious" shooters, which require me to sit down, concentrate, and pay a ton of attention. I'm looking for something to really just relax and have fun with.  Everspace (https:// would be perfect - you know, except it isn't released yet. Something cool/beautiful/colourful looking, not to complicated, preferably with some action.  Anyone got some suggestions? Almost any genre is fine :)
[black and white]	Something along the lines of being a dictator or omnipotent being that can throw away the lives of millions and they can't stop it. Like a game where I'm able to create a bleak dystopian future and be the leader of it, and the citizens can try to fight it but my military is too powerful? Basically a huge sandbox game with the world's population. A bit of a weird request but I've got this weird craving after watching The Hunger Games Mockingjay part 2 and the Star Wars: The Force Awakens trailer :D  I've played games like Godus and Tropico 5, but haven't found much else in this category. In Godus you can't be stopped, but it's not very developed so there's not much to do. In Tropico you have to manage your people's happiness to stop a revolution or coup. I don't want to have to worry about that. Just destruction and whatever I say goes and the people have to live with it. Of course I want rebellions but nothing that can actually overthrow me. I just want cool scenes of my police force facing off against desperate citizens. Thanks!  Also someone already mentioned the Black and White series. I had to delete that post and make a new one because my old one was downvoted, I assume they don't like the idea of me potentially killing people. Let's please remember they're only pixels :)
[civ]	I'm not 100% sure if 4X is the right term, but I'm looking for the type of game where you build bases, train troops, and attack the enemy. I prefer simpler interfaces. That is, I find fully animated 3D maps daunting or distracting. It can even be a super simple GUI or form type of game, rather than units on a map. In particular, I'd like something that downplays the micromanagement aspect. Ideally, things like geography, trade, and diplomacy would play a bigger role. It can be turn based or real-time, as long as I don't have to spam click to manage troops in real time. Ideal game length would be over the course of a few days, and if I'm being really picky, I also love games with rich lore.  What are your favorite games that match these criteria?   Edit - this will be for PC - Windows 
[game of thrones , star wars, star wars, dex]	If there is, it would probably be my dream game. This is all pretty specific so I apologize if it's asking too much.  _____  Realtime combat based - speaks for itself, shooters, sword n board, or anything else under the sun is good  Single-player - Doesn't have to be multiplayer-less so long as it's possible to play it alone  First-person ideally, close third-person is alright too, top-down isn't a dealbreaker but not ideal, no sidescrollers though please  Non-linear - Open world is nice, but so long as I can go back to places I've been before separate levels are a-OK  Character progression - Leveling through skill trees (that can be respecced later ideally) or through separate skills runescape-style all works. Honestly I'm looking for a bit of a power fantasy game here, where a stacked endgame character can get ridiculous. No shame. I'm happy to wait for it though, don't exclude great games just because they wouldn't let me steamroll everything immediately.  Items - Having equipable items and gear to hunt down is a plus  Limited to no class system - I really like what Dark Souls does with classes, treating them as starter packages of items and stats. I'd like to avoid cementing myself into only one playstyle when I pick a race or class, if the game has any.  Good longevity - something where there's either tons of static content or some randomly generated content is nice, basically I'd like some sort of endgame to it  edit: I should mention here that I do have Skyrim but for now I'm looking for something new, without the framerate-tied engine. 
[running high, eve online, dayz]	Hello guys, I played "some-game-I-don't-want-to-name-so-you-won't-get-biased" for several years and I loved it. But for many reasons I want to find something new that will satisfy my hunger.  What I need:  1) PvP game  2) complex mechanics that forces you to plan ahead and allows you to create equipment/gear/loadout combinations that will allow you to execute your chosen tactics  3) tools to hunt other players (preferably in open world) - search for them, gather information about them (guild/equipment/level/whatever), chase them, trap them (or make it harder for them to escape/fight you), kill them  4) consequences of PvP - losing gear/levels/other
[xcom: enemy unknown]	Hi guys,  I am kind of in a slump and not a whole lot of games have appeal to me.  I am going on vacation here soon for 2 weeks and I am hoping to find a game for 3ds/psp or my laptop.  Not looking for anything crazy on graphics, as my laptop only has a 960m.  Something similar to fire emblem or final fantasy tactics would be wonderful.  Turn based, grid based, with class systems.  However, none of these are requirements.  Some other inspirations are: baldurs gate, icewind dale, pillars of eternity, dragon age 1/2/3, neverwinter nights.  I am currently messing around with the new pokemon super mystery dungeon, but it's just not holding my attention.  As said, I'd prefer something mobile on 3ds/psp, but not super against pc games.
[ori and the blind forest]	Hard to describe what I'm looking for except Transistor and Bastion seem to fit the bill well. Short games with an immersive story and world, beautiful music and characters, and very chill. No super complex stuff going on or crazy high difficulty. Just chill beauty. I've heard Journey hits the mark but AFAIK it isn't on PC and I don't own consoles. Any ideas? In short, I'm searching for a game that will leave me feeling like I just experienced something truly beautiful; something adventurous, fulfilling and not at all stressful. 
[rainbow six siege]	For the time being, CS:GO is shit because of the revolver update. I'm just looking for recommendations for the best PC FPS games out right now. Looking for pretty balanced games, mostly focuses on gunplay, I'm not a huge fan of vehicles or anything like that in my FPS games, fuck killstreaks, literally, I just want to shoot people, and to go up against other people who are shooting me.  FPS Games I liked:  * Counter-Strike: Global Offensive * Call of Duty 4, World at War, Modern Warfare 2, Black Ops 1 * Halo 3, Reach, 4 * Battlefield 1943, Bad Company 2 * Soldier Front
[legend of grimrock]	To me, one of the best things about Dark Souls is the feeling of freedom you have. There aren't any real quests given to you. Everything is implied, you go explore and discover things as you want to. The world is a bit more linear and controlled than I would like (particularly in 2), but it does more good than most games nowadays, so I can't be too hard on it.  And something else I'm a huge fan of is environmental storytelling/general flavor. For example, in WoW: https:// or like in Portal where there's a lot of flavor to be gained from the side/hidden stuff.  I'd ask for great combat as well, but I'm afraid I'm already asking for more than I can get. You guys know of any games that fulfill these? Looking forward to any suggestions!
[starcraft, diablo 3]	Okay first of all I admit that was a total troll bait title. in reality my main gaming pc is an i5 4th gen + 980ti +8gb ram rocking SSD + HDD Raid 0.   the real reason for this post is that i picked up a fairly cheap elitebook from 2011 to bring home for xmas and keep from going COMPLETELY insane, and was wondering if you guys have suggestions for PREFERABLY MULTIPLAYER games i can play on it. Preferably co-op focused please.   specs are as follows: i7-2620M (this is the low voltage dual core i7 variant) Intel HD 3000 (DX 9/10 compatible) 8gb ddr3 dual channel 120gb SSD (probably not that relevant unless somebody's going to suggest a 60gb game or something...)   as a good place to start, i found i can get lost planet 2 running around 45fps, though it's a bit of a polygon shitshow if you get what I mean. 
[runescape]	This is my first time posting, just FYI.  I'm looking for a game where I can do anything with my character; If I wanted to fight dragons and kill bandits, I could do that. If i wanted to be a trader and travel, I can do that. If I wanted to be a carpenter and sell my wares, I can do that. If I wanted to be a bad guy, etc.  I'd like it to be single player, not MMO or multiplayer only. Preferably an RPG. The theme and location can be anything. It could be medieval, modern, or space game. As long as it has freedom and I'm not confined to story. I would also like some building mechanics if I can. I don't care much about the graphics as long as the gameplay is there. If it looks like Minecraft, so be it. If it looks like Witcher 3, that works, too.  Some similar games: Kenshi (hopefully not as unfinished), Wurm (haven't played this one so I'm unsure), Sims 4 (Not exactly what I'm looking for, but it has the freedom).  I have a pretty good PC that can run most games. I also have PS4 and PS3.  Thanks in advance to anyone willing to help.  TL;DR: I need a sandbox/adventure/sim game that lets me choose a profession, or just adventure with lots of options.
[giants: citizen kabuto, beneath a steel sky, ultima 4]	I find the trend of "freemium" games infuriating. Not because I dislike the model (it can be done well, or not), but because it makes it damn near impossible to find actually free games. As in, no purchases, whatsoever. No initial costs, no "purely aesthetic" options, just free games, with fun game play. I don't care about genre, or graphics, or age, just fun games. Some games I can think of are dwarf fortress, openttd, or Toon Town Rewritten. I would greatly appreciate any suggestions, especially ones with multiplayer.
[rimworld]	* Not Simcity or Cities: Skyline. * Something also similar to Settlers, Stronghold, Fallout 4 settlement management. * Platform: PC, PS4, PS Vita, 3DS, Mobile.  EDIT: After a consideration, I bought Rimworld. Downloading now. We'll see.  Recommended games:  * [Rimworld](http:// * [Planetbase](http:// * [Anno 2070](http:// * [Anno 2205](http://  EDIT 2: Rimworld is not bad, and it gives most of what it promises, but it definitely isn't worth $30, especially considering it's an alpha build. In its current state(13 Dec 2015) it's at most worth $15. Consider this as a warning.  EDIT 3: I'm taking it back. Rimworld is pretty okay. Still, it's not worth $30. I'll raise it to $20. I guess it's one of those Dwarf Fortress copycat but I couldn't get into DF so it's fine for me. It seriously needs a tutorial and good guide(wiki is never the answer!) and it requires too much micromanagement than I'd like. But it delivers everything it promised, and it has that sci-fi Wild West feeling I was looking for. Thanks, /u/chuxtabux and /u/BarbaricWalrus . This is what I was looking for.
[state of decay, dead state, home base, home base]	I am looking for a game that I don't think exists.   I love strategy games, i love in depth crafting, I love gathering and scavenging resources.  I really don't enjoy the macro of the "survival" games out. They are all the same thing (I have bought them all!) get a knife, get stuff, encounter a guy with a gun, lose everything, while they steal your entire base.    The problem is I don't enjoy controlling ONE dude. I want to be able to control a "group" of  want to be able to trade between settlements (either NPC controlled, player controlled or my own) setup patrols, secure roads, send out survey missions, create supply chains and so on. No one settlement will be able to do everything because of the the limitations of the most precious resource. People.   The people would all have unique skillsets, so some would be more valuable than others. The guy that can perform complex  surgery? Yeah hes pretty damn valuable. The average Joe on the other hand wouldn't be, and could be used and put at a greater risk. Obviously you wouldn't be "building" troops but rather finding them and recruiting.   That brings me to the next point. Settlements. I would like to be able to actually build them like an RTS game, though it would be mostly re-purposing existing things. Create a safe place for people to live. All the while dealing with zombie herds, and the most dangerous predators other humans.  Does anything like this exist? Do I have to break out my programming skills and create this? Is there a project already available? This is the game I want to play.    
[monster rancher, mercs]	Hey guys, looking for a game with the following characteristics on PC. Can't believe there aren't any:  - You control 1 to 6 different things (monsters/cards/party members) - Turn based - The "things" grow (level up?) and gain different skills - Hunt/collect more, dozens if not hundreds more - No emulators - Standalone. No mobile ports or facebook games - Best if on steam  There are many on other platforms, like Pokemon, Persona series, NiNoKuni, Jewel Summoner...  Cannot find any on PC, especially steam. Odd, huge potential market
[alpha protocol , jade empire ]	Hey all,  As the title says, looking for linear RPGs. In particular, I really don't like open world. For example, I really enjoyed Dragon Age: Origins and 2 , but couldn't stand all the "fetch"-like quests in Dragon Age: Inquisition. I really like KOTOR 1 and 2, and the likes. When I say linear, I mean, I'm okay with small 'subworlds' within the game. For example, I really enjoyed Deus Ex: Human Revolution, because the world wasn't SO open with meaningless quests, which was my main complain with DA:I .    I'll add a list to games I've enjoyed:  RPG:  Dragon Age: Origins  Dragon Age 2  KOTOR 1/2  Deus Ex: HR  Dishonored  Mass Effect series  Preferably, I'd like something I can just jump right in. I'm okay with vast open world, so long as there's a clear main story line and with very fun game play. For example, I really liked Kingdom of Amalur: Reckoning.  
[dungeon defenders 2, orcs must die! 2 , space engineers, minecraft]	We have enjoyed playing many hours of **Minecraft** and **Don't Starve Together.** In fact, we're sort of burned out on them and looking for something new.  She likes to tend the base where it's safe and take care of me after I battle the monsters. Most gamers need a little "down time" from the action. She needs a little "up time" from the base.  Games she likes:  * Minecraft * Don't Starve Together * The Sims * Cities: Skylines * Harvest Moon * Civilization IV (the odd one of the bunch)  I think that she might like an RPG focused on character, story and art. Also open world trading games or crafting/survival as long as I can handle most of the action mechanics. Is there such a thing as a cooperative space sim, like X3 on a LAN?  Commonly recommended games that she doesn't like:  * Portal * Trine * Magicka  She gets motion sickness from first person perspectives (Portal), lacks button mashing dexterity once things harder (Trine) and doesn't like constant action (Magicka).  TIA for your suggestions!
[independence war]	Hi all,  I'm been racking my brain for the title of a space game on PC that I used to play.  From what I can remember the story is that you start off as a child located on a mining colony. There seems to be an accident where the colony blows up/lose your family, and you escape on a ship.  The ship has a companion AI that directs you to a hidden base located inside a nebula of some kind? I believe there is a time jump and you're an adult and you can play as space pirate.  I believe the space AI is black man and the main character's name starts with the letter A.  I know I played it on PC and it you could play with a fly joystick.  Any help would be appreciated!
[battleblock theater, castle crashers]	Hey guys,      So my girlfriend has noticed that I'm a bit of a gamer and wants to join in on the fun, however the only games I play regularly at the moment are either single player or Dota 2.      I'd really like to encourage her to get into games in general by doing something co-op, but know that Dota 2 is brutal to learn, and think that LoL may not be a good starting point either.      So, I'm hoping for recommendations for games which have a depth of gameplay but allow me to hold her hand a bit while still being fun for her (and me I guess!).      Suggestions would be really appreciated.      Note: Platform is PC as we don't have a television to ourselves at the moment but do have two computers. Other platforms may come up in the future though, so feel free to mention any good console games that you want to share
[rocket league, rocket league]	Hello my friends, I am a PC Gamer looking to find a game that I can get addicted to and hopefully gain a lot of weight. The game I am looking for is a competitive game of any genre where the matches are relatively short (15-20 minutes or less) with an active community where I can play pretty much whenever I want. The current problem is that I have found games that I love but have a small player base or I find a game that is decent with a solid player base. I basically need the best of both worlds. What is the game?  The above paragraph was copied from a previous post but I would like to add that a game that requires little communication is a plus and the main aspect of playing competitive games for me is getting better, so a high skill ceiling is vital. I also encourage you to suggest a game even if it does not meet ALL of the "requirements".   I have tried League of Legends, CS:GO, Quake Live, and Dota 2.
[counter-strike: global offensive]	So I'm looking for a solid multiplayer shooter out there that's still going strong. I used to play TF2 all the time but now I can never bring myself to spend any time with it. I spent time on and off with it for years but I think I've finally had my fill. It feels like a solved puzzle, and the servers I used to rely on for fun players are now empty. I've been playing a lot of Red Orchestra 2 and I'm far from tired of it but I can still feel the community of good players draining because it's so old. I thought I'd try Overwatch till I realized it actually isn't out yet, and I tried Dirty Bomb but with the matchmaking system and very few players with mics it didn't really scratch my "teamwork" and "competitive" itch. Any ideas?
[ftl: faster than light, dungeons of dredmor, battle for wesnoth, battle for wesnoth, power rangers, chroma squad, roguelike]	Hey folks!   I'm looking for a way to kill time at work, and I've got a particular craving that I was hoping you might be able to help with. I've got a strong desire for a turn-based RPG, heavy focus on leveling and combat, preferably with some sort of party-based mechanic.   But I'd like for the game to:  1) Be single-player.  2) Have a decent UI. No rogue-likes where it's impossible to tell what is happening without extensive youtube tutorials.  3) Be PC-based. No ports. Honestly, I really prefer a western-style RPG where I can create my own characters, or recruit from a small pool of them. Shortage of teenagers saving the world.  4) Be capable of running on an EXTREMELY crappy work laptop. Like, this thing is less powerful than my phone. I can get Antharion and Renowned Explorers to work, but not much else. Plus, the hard drive only has a few gigs left.   I'd really like something in an arena-based setting, but that's not really important. It doesn't have to be great - "kinda fun, but grindy" works for me.  If you guys have any ideas, I'd love to hear them!
[metal gear rising: revengeance]	I started watching sword art online, and it made me really want to play something with a really kick ass combat system. Something along the lines of the tales games. Ive played vesperia, abyss, and symphonia, all of which were fantastic. I also played start ocean the last hope which was right up there as well. (if you cant tell i like jrpgs). Also a big fan of the dark souls series. Xenoblade was good but not quite the combat style im looking for. Never really liked the final fantasy games (though the 7 remake looks like something I'd enjoy)  Basically i want something with a 3d battlefield that allows dodging and a good range of mobility, lots of combo moves you can chain, a decent story, and some sort of character customization even if its just changing weapons. can anyone think of something like that?
[jet force gemini]	I like video games a lot more than her. Her career consists of stuff like Candy Crush and maybe a little Mario Kart but that's about it.  I would love to get a game that we could both just relax on the couch and slowly walk through.  I'm picturing a 2 player Ocarina of Time... but I doubt something like that exists. Anything close?  EDIT: how about, to even simplify it further, a game that my GF and I can play concurrently against a computer fo? Bonus points for a great/long storyline.  EDIT2: I'm gonna see about buying a wii. There are a lot more co-op games for that console.
[jurassic park]	There's a multiplayer mod for Half Life 2 called "Resistance and Liberation." Without getting too much into it, it's a WWII "simulator" with a "realistic" damage system, ect. The mod's dead now, no severs, no one playing it. The reason I loved that game before it died, was it's aiming system. Instead of just having your gun planted at your side, you could move your gun independent of  looking. It's really hard to explain, but it was fucking awesome. I made a gif showing RnL's aiming system in use. http:// I had a lot of fun with the Aiming system, it made running and gunning so satisfying. If anyone knows a game, or mod with this aiming system, I'd appreciate if you'd let me know.
[planescape torment, this game]	I'm looking for a RPG with a very open dialog system. By that I mean dialogs depending greatly on your skills/abilities/gender/perks etc. As an example: In Fallout you're barely able to keep up a decent conversation with a low value in intelligence. Or certain perks allow certain answers in some dialogs.   I'm especially interested in some more recent games. As an example: I've heard that Shadowrun Dragonfall has some dialog options depending on your skills (?). But suggestions for older games are also nice.
[baldur's gate, baldur's gate]	I beat Skyrim a couple days ago. Going through and seeing references to the lore, which I then read up on was something I really liked doing. Unfortunately, I am burned out from Bethesda games for a couple months after Fallout 3 and Skyrim.  As far as gameplay goes, I'm okay with anything. I'm interested in a science fiction theme, but am open to pretty much everything. I like expansive lore, like an onion where I have to peel it apart. I like games that I have to work to get everything out of. I like deep storylines, possibly with some diverging paths. I enjoy realistic characters, with their own motivations and secrets. I want to experience a rich, detailed environment, but it's not incredibly necessary. Most importantly, I want exquisite storytelling, something that will knock the breath out of me with twists and turns.  In a thread I made on another forum, A few games and series were recommended:      Baldur's Gate     Dark Souls     Planetscape: Torment     The Witcher     Deus Ex     Fallout NV     Mass Effect     Star Wars: KOTOR     Dragon Age  What would you guys recommend? I play on PC so I can mod games too to make look nicer or deliver a better experience. 
[adventure games]	I often game on my laptop when commuting on the train, and don't have the option of using a mouse. I'm in motion and can't be too fast too precise with input.  I am looking for more game suggestions that play well with the keyboard only or minimal trackpad use. Turn-based is fine.  **Games I have played on my laptop:**  Fallout 1 + 2  Risk of Rain  Splice  Transistor  **Games I am thinking of playing:**  Baldur's Gate  Icewind Dale  Planescape Torment  **What Else?** Edit: your suggestions:  FTL  Undertale  Shadowrun games  Xcom  Thomas Was Alone  Rogue Legacy  Hearthstone  Civ V  Binding of Isaac  Nethack  Gothic 1 + 2  Geneforge Saga  Telltale games  The Banner Saga  Papers Please  South Park: Stick of Truth  The Typing of the Dead  Valiant Hearts  Cities: Skylines
[shadow of the colossus]	Hello. Can anyone suggest me a game of any genre where the very last "boss" is interesting and/or different from usual stuff? Usually i see one of the following:  1)Some huge monster, who is often a God of something, sometimes summoned by cultists of some kind. And than it all ends with depleting huge hp pool of the boss. There is absolutely no way to reason with him, especially when his goals usually end up with conquering/destroying galaxy because nobody have tried it before.  2)Final boss is all about QTE events and looking at your character doing horrible stuff to him. Usually met in action packed games.  3)There is no final boss, just final fight with his troops. If you are lucky, you can see him in a cutscene or two after winning.  So, can you think of something different from above? Maybe sudden diplomatic/joining the evil options, which are hard to unlock, maybe something which is completely different from the normal game flow. Did you remember any of the boss fights to stand out?  Note: if this is too specific, can you also try to suggest me some games, which do not get worse closer to their end because of repeated game mechanics, tankish enemies and zones full of combat, boring fights with overpowered player character?
[star wars galaxies, baldur's gate, mass effect, neverwinter, kotor 2]	With all of the Star Wars excitement going around, I'm really in the mood for a Star Wars RPG. I know there's a ton and people are going to scream KOTOR, but I'm hoping you guys would tell me which one has the most Sandbox-ish freedom. I want to be a bad guy if I want, and I want to be able to ignore the story and go do stuff if I want.  I never played the RPG's back in the day so I don't have much experience with them, any help would be appreciated.  TL;DR I want the Star Wars RPG with the most freedom, any suggestions?
[battle for wesnoth, broforce, est, asc]	Myself and 3 other buddies are looking for a new game to get into.  We are all on steam, and have great internet connections.  The problem is we're all using a different OS, so it limits our selection.  Two of us are on PCs, one is on a Mac, the other Linux.    Another caveat is that we don't mind paying for a decent game, but no one wants to drop the full price of a AAA title.  so price is somewhat of an issue, but not that big of a deal.  definitely should be less than 30$, the cheaper the better.  We're looking for a game that supports 4 players online, preferably co-op, but vs would be acceptable.  Our gaming sessions usually last about 2 hours, sometimes longer, sometimes shorter, so it should be something we can complete in that time frame, or at least be able to save and pick back up later without feeling lost. We have a pretty wide range of interests in regards to genre and are always willing to try something new.  We've played DOTA2 to the point where most of us are tired of it.  It seems to be our go to when we can't decide on anything else.  Some other games we've played are TF2, Borderlands 2, Left 4 Dead, Forced.  We've played Civ5 together, and enjoyed it, but the games just go on for too long.  We've also tried Torchlight 2, Alien swarm, Killing floor, and a 1st/3rd person castle defense game (can't remember the title. castle defenders? idk) but they either didn't catch everyone's interest or weren't offered on each OS.  any suggestions are appreciated!
[dink smallwood]	Hello,  I've played mostly RPG games in my gaming life and as of the last couple of years I've  become simply disgusted with games, where:  1. You are the chosen one 2. You fight dragons/gods, etc. 3. Where yours and others' armors look like they are from Transformers/Voltron/Power Rangers or some other ridiculously looking thing, kind of like what Retail WoW's armors are, compared to Vanilla armors you would loot at level 20 or something  I'm interested to know of a game, where there is magic and fantasy creatures, but they are in moderation, not everywhere, where people don't expect you to be some great hero, but you, instead take small strides, probably with a bunch of other people, or maybe a squad of people and you are having a  very hard time dealing with a handful of fantasy creatures.  I'm also having trouble explaining what I have in mind, but I hope you understand... maybe a combination of Lord of The Rings and Mount and Blade... or the part of LoTR where Frodo, Sam and the other three hobbits, Mery, Pippin and another fat one that is only mentioned in the book travel from the Shire to Bree and they barely encounter any trouble, but are still on their toes. There is this upcoming MMORPG Gloria Victis, that from what I know is moderated perfectly - mostly human opponents, rarely non-human/monster ones.   Come to think of it again, there are non-fantasy RPGs and fantasy RPGs with all the epicness a person can ask for, so if something in between even exists, can you suggest it to me?  I apologize for my complicated request, but I will be glad if someone can help me out on this one.  One last note, I'm referring to video/PC games, with graphics, but if there is no such game, anything else is still welcome.  Thank you in advance, have a nice day!.
[my friends]	I am getting a new computer on boxing day, then playing fallout 4 non stop. I need to kill a week I was going to play yakuza 2 on ps2 but my ps2 needed a laser replacement. I have enjoyed mass effect, antichamber, portal, FTL, freedom planet, most platformers, anything with some interesting gameplay. I hate starcraft, diablo, all non cart racing racing games, all rts. I like mobas mostly dota 2 but I can't deal with tho toxicity of an online game during christmas. I won't buy anything in early access, or beta/alpha.
[persona 4, smt]	Pretty much the title, but I'll elaborate. Specifically, what I like about Pokemon is being able to search for and assemble a team from a very diverse range of options, and characters growing over time, with large boosts in power ( evolutions) at certain benchmarks. However, many of the available Pokemon just aren't "viable," even single player, and evolutions stop being exciting quickly; the methods and bonuses of them leave something to be desired.  I don't care so much that the team is "monsters" or that they specifically have to be captured in the wild, and I'm not specifically attached to the rock-paper-scissors combat, though I'm not opposed to either of those things. I just want a very customizable team-based RPG with a growth system including but not limited to traditional levels. Not specifically opposed to an SRPG (Final Fantasy Tactics kinda fits my description, actually), but I tend to burn out on them quickly. Any platform, new or old.
[crypt of the necrodancer]	I was thinking of a game that resembled DDR like games in that they require you to perform reflex based very quick movements and are skill based, but not in the same setting. The main downside to those types of games, in my opinion, are that they are memorization based. You just slowly learn the song and get better over time at it.  Instead, I'm looking for something set in FPS or hack n slash settings, where the core concept of fast twitch reflex gameplay is there, but the main success factor is just pure skill.   Ex: A first person fantasy game where you face waves of enemies with your sword and shield, and the key to success is successfully blocking, parrying, counterstriking attacks. High skill based         Would appreciate any suggestions you have  
[planescape: torment]	I use Steam on PC as my gaming source but can also use Amazon to get PC games or even windows games. I like games like The Cat Lady, To The Moon, Vandal Hearts, Card Hunter, Empress of the Deep, Myst, things like that. Seek and find adventures are always fun. I like some beat up and shooting games but am really into story driven games, CCG, turn based, casual and RPGs. I run them on a lower quality computer so nothing with great graphics. I can run Farming Simulator with graphics turned way. I'm just trying to expand my gaming a little. I used to do mainly shooters and scifi stuff but those start to bore me because they are all the same thing. Even puzzle games and RPG puzzle games. I would prefer to find Free or Free to Play Steam games.   Edit: I also like platformers like Lilly Looking Through, Scary Girl, Stacking and Costume Quest
[planetside 2]	He's played and loves the Borderlands, Serious Sam, Far Cry, BioShock series. He doesn't have a steam controller, and doesn't get the keyboard and mouse on PC, so every game he plays needs to support a 360 controller. He's a temperamental sort who is very used to consoles, and the PC is growing on him slowly, mostly because of support for last-gen games and steam sales.   Got any ideas for some FPS games he'd like that I haven't been able to think of? PC is preferable, PS4 is ok too, but money is tight.  Edit: forgot! He does not like games with any sort of multiplayer, so single player campaign is a must. I haven't been able to get him into the idea of Borderlands co-op but he seems slightly receptive to that. He's also played Tomb Raider, and liked that, so I guess third person is okay too. 
[rogue legacy, risk of rain, darksiders, all games, bioshock, spelunky]	I have an average pc, nothing amazing but not a complete junk box either.   I'm really into most genres of gaming or willing to give something a go.   Looking  to add enough to my library this season to keep me occupied for the year ahead.   Not really looking for AAA titles as most of them I own on a console already.   My current library is  Crusader kings 2 Kerbal space program  Civ 5 Insurgency  Europa universalis  Fallout 3 Cities skylines Total war Rome 2   So with the above mentioned games out of the question, what else would you guys recommend as a must have?
[max payne]	I'm looking for something that's set largely in a major metropolitan area at night. There's just something I love about that atmosphere. The lights and the jet black towering skyscrapers, the serenity that comes over some places at night, even though the city noise is inescapable... The more detailed the graphics the better. Doesn't have to be recent, though, 2D Point'n'Click stuff can pull this off, too.  PC or 360 preferably...  edit: It just occurred to me that maybe it'd be helpful if I also listed the games I have already played that I consider to fit this category.  This is just off the top of my head so it may be incomplete:  * Sleeping Dogs * Watch_Dogs * Deus Ex HR * various GTAs * all Saints Rows starting with part 2 * all the Arkham games (Although, these I only mention because I think some of you might recommend them. The whole city on lock down concept is not really what I am looking for in this case.) * various Splinter Cells * The Wolf Among Us * Hitman  These, of course, are not all exclusively set in cities at night, but at least contain large portions of it. So for your recommendations just stick to "the larger these portions the better".
[ittle dew]	Legend of Zelda is one of my favorite game series. I'd like to play a new game that's similar to the 2D top down ones, though 3D games are also welcome. My favorite Zelda games were Link Between Worlds, Link to the Past, and Wind Waker. My least favorites were Spirit Tracks and Skyward Sword (though Spirit Tracks is the only Zelda game so far that I actually hate).  In particular though, I'm looking for games that follow Zelda's puzzle solving and item/power up collection format. I see Ys and Dark Souls get recommended a lot, which while they might have similar combat, most of the games don't have the whole thing of going into dungeons and finding items that you use elsewhere to help solve puzzles and collect more items.  I've played Darksiders, which is amazing. I wasn't the biggest fan of Binding of Isaac. In general I don't care for rogue-likes too much. I saw a game called Oceanhorn is on Steam but I'm always iffy about playing ports of mobile games. Any recommendations would be greatly appreciated, thank you.
[battlefield 4]	As the title says. I've already been considering COD:BO3, but I was looking at the reviews on both Steam and Metacritic and they're both in the red with mixed results. And then I saw someone say something about "the more popular a game gets, the more haters it will have" and I thought about WoW and how I liked that game, but it too had a lot of haters, so I am on the fence on that one for the moment.  I already have CS:GO and I do like that game, but I am looking for games with larger maps and more people.  What other good FPS games are out there?   I am on PC by the way.
[half-life 2]	Hi everyone,  I've never used this subreddit before, but it seems like my best bet.  My dad wants to start getting into gaming, and he's interested in an fps.  He gets frustrated easily, so something that's on the easier side or has a generous learning curve would be best.  I'm looking for games that I would be able to get on steam.  His computer is just something he bought from staples.  Its got Windows 8, 8 gb ram, a 2 ghz amd a6-5200 with Radeon hd 8400 graphics card and half a gig of dedicated vram.  Thanks in advance!  Let me know if there's any other information you need
[dragon's dogma, costume quest, dark souls]	I've played some WRPGs like Dragon Age: Origins (easily one of favourite RPGs of all time) and Fallout 3 (still need to finish the main story). I've been meaning to play Mass Effect 1&amp;2, The Witcher 1&amp;2 and Fallout: New Vegas once I'm done with finals but it made me miss playing JRPGs. I've been searching for good ones on Steam so recommendations are appreciated.  I'm also looking for platformers, preferably 3D but 2D is fine. I'd like ones that are challenging but not to the point where it becomes too frustrating to play.
[deadly premonition, silent hill 2, l.a. noire]	I recently finished Her Story, Tales from the Borderlands, The Beginner's Guide and Undertale, and I have played (and loved) games like Bioshock, HL2, Portal 1-2, Stanley Parable, Dishonored and others.  I know that there's a lot of great worlds and stories on RPG games (love them), but i'm not in the mood for something like that right now (I have Fallout:NV, witcher 2 and wasteland 2 waiting on my hard drive). I'm looking for dynamic storytelling, like the ones mentioned above.  I welcome every suggestion, Thanks! 
[dragons dogma]	Having played a bit of WoW in the past (early 2006-2007), I remember how Mages used to provide important services to parties in terms of utility.   Their Arcane spells - Conjuring Food and Water, opening portals and teleporting people to desired locations, and polymorphing targets into harmless animals are the type of "magicky" feel that I like to see in a mage.      Unfortunately, the standard elemental projectiles (fire/ice), AoE nukes, and some CC abilities (usually related Ice spells) etc. are what is accepted as all the necessary "magic" for spellcasting classes in many games nowadays.    Having grown quite weary of seeing elemental blasts be all that's considered to be magic, I am looking for a game that has magic in it that actually feels mystical.   I've played Morrowind, and I saw a decent amount of spells in the Mysticism, Alteration, and Conjuration schools that capture some of that magical feeling, but unfortunately, Morrowind also had many Fire/Ice/Lightning projectile or AoE blast spells that just felt so cliche and pedestrian.   Is there any RPG game out there that makes magic feel incredibly useful as a utility and a way of reshaping reality to your wishes, rather than only used as a way of range DPS and crowd control?    When you think about it, conjuring food and water food out of nothing, while much less "flashy" than the elemental AoE nukes/projectiles, is a billion times more useful than shooting out a fireball or a curse that lowers an enemy's resistance to ice.  You can basically end world hunger and the limited fresh water supply with such a spell.  The problem I saw in most games, including WoW, was that the such usefulness was never really brought to the forefront as the selling point of a mage.  No one really cares that a mage can end a city's famine by continuously conjuring food and water out of nothing because the game mechanics values and prizes DPS numbers rather than utility.  The plotline and story also does not make any emphasis on valuing the talents a mage can truly bring to help civilization, thereby making these "magicky-feeling" spells devalued, while conversely making the trite Fire/Ice projectile spell that do maximum DPS the most valued.   In conclusion, I'd like to be able to play a game on my PC where a mage character spells feel actually magicky and useful, and where the mechanics, quests, storyline, and party role aren't all entirely focused on doing X-Y damage from afar.  Rather, dealing X-Y damage should be the least important role of magic; the most important function instead should be reshaping the world and reality, even on the smallest scale ( from conjuring a single muffin out of nowhere to give to your party member who is slowly losing stamina from hunger), to provide maximum utility.     And if there isn't a game with this type of magic system in existence out there, hopefully at some point in the future such a game will be created.
[vindictus]	My dad, brother and I absolutely love Darksouls, and next year we are all going to be in different areas of the country, but want to game together.  Some special considerations though:   It has to be on the PC, we don't each have a console.  It should either have controller support, or very intuitive controls (my Dad is relatively new to gaming, he took to Darksouls really easily, but other games he struggles with)  A decent amount of class customization - what my dad and brother really like about Darksouls is how they can make their own builds.  As much content as possible.  Thank you all so much
[the legend of zelda, super mario maker, mario kart 8, pikmin 3, wii u, wii u]	Hi there, I have been outside of the gaming realm since the Xbox 360 generation - basically haven't played any video games outside of my iPhone for at least 8 years.  Lately, my disposable income has grown a bit, and I find myself missing the video game experience, but I'm a bit overwhelmed by all the games and platforms out there right now. Perhaps someone here can offer some suggestions based on my interests and play style. Back in the day, I used to love Halo, Mario Kart, Pokemon, Final Fantasy, Golden Sun, Counter Strike, Zelda, and FIFA. I want to play competitive multiplayer games, but also with the option to play some beautiful RPGs.  I have a nice TV, so I'm definitely thinking about going with a console, but I am also very curious about my handheld options. It would be really pretty sweet to wake up on a Saturday morning, play games in bed for a few hours on a handheld, without the worry of waking up my roommate because I'm playing Halo 5 too loudly.  What do you think? What consoles should I be taking a closer look at? Is there a clear superior in the current generation of console wars? Do any handheld consoles offer a superb game library with some multiplayer staples? Have I been too vague with all this, and need to provide more details?  Thanks in advance for any advice! 
[divinity: original sin]	My wife and I used to play a lot (a *lot*) of WoW. Now circumstances have changed and we have nowhere close to the amount of free time necessary to make $15 a month worthwhile (or any amount, really). We really enjoyed exploring, leveling, and just experiencing a fantasy world together, but would appreciate the ability to pause, or at the very least take a break without feeling like we were wasting money. What's out there? Now that Steam's having these huge sales I'm overwhelmed with choices and hoped to get some help here.
[x3: albion prelude]	ED is a game that really catches my eye but has a decent amount of check marks on my don't buy for "X" reason list. Here is the thing, I can't stand always online games, especially one that manage all your saves from a big master server. And sometimes I just get bored and want to go on a rampage then load a previous save.  So... are there any games currently out on the market that are like ED but offline. I want a nice time killer I can play for a few hours then tab out then come back to in a bit. I was looking at X Reunion but every review can be summarized as "plz don't", What about X3, Can I just mod the hell out of either of them to get somewhat the same experience of ED. Obviously No Mans and Star Citizen would be the first suggestions, but they ain't out yet and want something to hold me over til then.
[tales of zestiria, prince of persia, devil may cry, mirror's edge, tomb raider, alan wake]	I like to have a few singleplayer storyheavy games running next to the multiplayer games I play with my friends (MW2, LoL, TTT and so on).  In the past years I enjoyed these storyheavy/linear titles, that may help you finding fitting games for me:  Bioshock Infinite, Metro 2033 &amp; Last Light, Walking Dead, Life is Strange, To the Moon, Undertale.  And just because I am in the mood, here is my updated list of my favourite games (this took quite a lot of time but I think I found the 10 games that are strictly better for me than all the other awesome stuff that I played aswell):  1. Dark Souls 2. Walking Dead Season 1 + 2 3. League of Legends 4. DayZ (mod, especially Aftermath) 5. Guild Wars 2 6. Life is Strange 7. Battle for Middle-Earth 2 8. DSA: Drakensang 9. Diablo 3: Reaper of Souls 10. Anno 1404  Thanks for your help, happy holidays!
[deus ex: human revolution, shadow of mordor, splinter cell, saints row 4, just cause 3, hitman, gta v]	Been feeling kind of bored with my games lately. I don't have any specific type of game that I'm looking for, so any suggestion will be appreciated!  My favourite games are - Skyrim + Oblivion - Splinter Cell games - Hitman games - GTA V - LoL - WoW  I generally like games where I can progress in ant way by for example getting better gear, resources etc. I also love stealth-games where you don't just kick down doors, guns blazing, but actually have to devise some sort of plan or strategy. Despite all this I really want JC3 tho, but my computer isn't up to the task :(   Also, before anyone say FO4, I have tried it, didn't like it.
[myst]	I'm looking for games that play kind of like Amnesia or Soma but without the horror. I like the idea of exploring an environment, reading documents, slowly having the story revealed, or solving a mystery. Another example would be something like Resident Evil 1&amp;2 minus the combat. Any ideas?  EDIT: Thanks for the great suggestions everyone. Just in time for the Steam winter sale too! Picked up Murdered, Pulse, The Old City, Her Story, Vanishing of Ethan Carter, and Gone Home for a total of 35 bucks. Not bad!
[rocket league, icarus]	Requirements-wise, I'm not very constrained. I can still run most games (not all in High of course):  * i7 3rd generation * 16gb RAM * AMD Radeon HD7670M  I want a good multiplayer game and I want it badly. If I had to be picky, it would be nothing too casual (mindless shooting for example - I'll take recommendations though!) but nothing I have to plan a lot for.  I really like Strategy games. For example, I have Age of Empires II HD and I have really enjoyed playing online with people I don't know. It's definitely not in the "casual" side but once you get used to the game you can mostly play it in auto-pilot, but it's still competitive.  Thank you for your time 
[far cry primal, the witcher, the witcher, fallout 4, fallout 4]	Basically what the title says. My mother said I could have any game I want and she will pay for it.  I'd like to have something that was released more recently or that will be released within the next months, as I can't afford full priced titles myself. I have been eyeing Fallout 4 and Far Cry Primal. I'm interested in RPGs. In the past I enjoyed mass effect, civ v, far cry 3, GTA v (iv even more) and fallout 3 to name a few AAA titles. But I also like less popular games like the long dark, which I play a lot currently. I also loved mount and blade and legend of zelda. Thanks for your suggestions.  Edit: I forgot to mention: Please no online games like MMORPGs. Thanks  Edit 2: Going to buy Fallout 4, thanks to everybody for your suggestions!
[divinity: original sin]	Hello!   *I'm looking for a CO-OP or multiplayer game that actually has a nice story in it.*    The type of game does not really matter; but my friend played games such as:   * The Talos Principle (currently playing this)  * Life is strange * Homesick  * Gone home * Reveal the deep * Brothers: A tale of two sons * Games of Thrones * Portal (2)  I know that it's actually very hard to find a CO-OP game with a nice story in it, I can't really find one sadly.  The only game I could come up with was **Trine (2) &amp; Magicka**. But *she did not like this!* Also; no shooters.  She plays on a fairly old laptop; which isn't extremely powerful. So please keep this in mind!   ##Thank you so much for your time. 
[oddworld, oddworld, thief 2]	This is a weird one, but I'm looking for games (or any other media) that evoke a certain sense of unease that is best described as something being wrong or out of place, possibly in a mysterious or paranormal kind of sense.  For those who have played it, the DS game "9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors" conjures up this feeling perfectly. It's a point 'n' click puzzler which you're required to play through multiple times in order to finish it; each time you play though it you learn new information which is remembered by your character even though from their perspective they're experiencing the situation for the first time and they'd have no way of knowing it (and they start to question how they came upon this knowledge). It's psychological and mysterious, drawing upon themes of parallel universes and time paradoxes, and it gives you a real sense of dread when you play it.  I feel like games are probably the most effective way of evoking this feeling since they're interactive but I'd be interested in hearing suggestions involving other media as well. Some films that have done it pretty well include Inception, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and The Truman Show. I'm sure some books have made me feel the same way but I'm struggling to think of any right now.  Looking forward to reading your suggestions!
[this war of mine]	Systems I own: Xbox 360/One; PS3; and PC. If it's on sale during this Steam sale, that'd be tops, thanks.  Some examples of what I'm looking for:  Knights of the Old Republic II (especially)  The Witcher Series  Planescape Torment  Dragon Age Origins (to some extent, especially in Orzamar)  Edit: Spec Ops: The Line and Fallout New Vegas, as mentioned by /u/original_pastafarian and /u/accountnumber02 respectively. Thanks for reminding me.  Also, please no pixel art games, unless it's actually proper for the period ( An actual SNES game) or just *really* good. I don't really like the art style, as I find it's been done to death.  2D games are fine, I just don't want something made in 2012 that looks like an NES game.  Also, a super minor thing: If it has a concrete date ( Life is Strange is set in 2013) I'd really like that. I have my backlog arranged in a rough chronological order.  And it doesn't even have to have choices or be an RPG, it just needs to explore those themes.  Sorry if this is too specific or dumb or pretentious or something. I'm tired.
[wolfenstein]	I'm trying to find some "bigger" games that I can enjoy, but it seems like every single game needs to have a spider in it somewhere for some reason. I've played a good few strategy games, city builders and racing games, so I'm not really looking for more of those. Here are some of the games I've considered so far, so you can get a feel for the type of game I'm trying to find:  * Wolfenstein: The new order (google tells me it has a spider boss) * Fallout (hate those ants; has spiders as well appearantly) * Crysis 2 (yay that underground section) * Bioshock (spider splicer?) * Mass effect * Half life * Enslaved: Oddysey to the West
[the witcher]	I'm looking for an open-world RPG set in a fantasy universe that is a bit colorful and cartoonish, for example something like the original Fable or Kingdoms of Amalur, but my problem with both of those games was that they felt like their gameplay lacked depth and they lost my interest quickly. So I'd like something with that kind of atmosphere but that will challenge me a bit more. I've played the Torchlight games but eventually got sick of them too as they got too repetitive.  I'm open to JRPGs but not a huge fan of turn-based combat unless it is exceptionally good. Zelda and Mana series games are a few examples of JRPGs that I've enjoyed in the past.  So, is there anything that can scratch this itch? Or are most colorful and cartoonish RPGs doomed to be more 'user-friendly'?  Suggestions that are on Steam are preferred as I'm looking to buy something during this sale.
[pillars of eternity, path of exile, van helsing, grim dawn, diablo 3]	I liked the original Neverwinter Nights as well as both Torchlight games.  However, I tried Pillars of Eternity and I just couldn't get into it.  I got to the first town and there was a ton of establishing dialog that put me to sleep and then I went underground by the big tree and got killed by the first thing I ran into.  And I did this twice, playing on Ironman mode or Permadeath mode or whatever.  What a pain!  And what a waste of money!  It certainly isn't cheap.  Should I even bother trying Divinity: Original Sin, or is it more of the same?
[thomas was alone]	Hi there!  I'm looking for a game that doesn't involve a lot of visuals, but preferably incorporates co-op play. My boyfriend lost 90% of his sight and ever since, can't play any of his favourite games. A while back, he managed to play an old Sonic game (MegaDrive) and a Super Mario one too (SNES), but with great strain and struggle.  We've never really been able to play games together because of this, although we both love gaming. So what I'm looking for is a co-op game that you don't really need to see for, or has very basic, easy to see graphics,  nothing with texts or blending colours. We use most platforms, apart from Xbox 360/One, but mainly play PC or PS4.  Thanks for your suggestions and I hope you're all having a great Christmas!
[alien: isolation]	Every game I've checked out so far is just cheesy jumpscares.  And that works for the split-second that the jumpscare exists.  I'm looking for something demented and psychologically terrifying.  Silent Hill was great for that, but I've already played the hell out of them.  Suggestions?  EDIT:  I'd also not like to be "helpless" run-and-hide type of deal.  I like being able to at least fight back.  EDIT2:  Older games also aren't out of the picture.  Emulators are fine by me.  So pretty much anything that isn't the last two generations of consoles works as well.  EDIT3:  I'm not completely dismissing all jumpscares.  I'm just tired of the games where it seems they just packed as many as they could into one game and it gets annoying.
[assassin's creed, alien force]	I can't explain this desire, but I've always wanted a game where you can have your own customizable vessel. Not specifically in space or in the ocean on Earth (or any alien planet). Just a game where you have your own ship and use it to explore or fight.   One example I have of this kind of "ship fantasy" is in KotOR with the Ebon Hawk. You could walk around inside the ship, fly it to other planets, fight with it etc. But I'm looking for something more sandbox and build-y, with less RPG linear gameplay and more open world.   Hope everyone had a merry christmas!
[ffv]	As the title says, I'm looking for an RPG that I can really dig into with unique mechanics that allow you to really customize your characters. I loved how the games I mentioned in the title allowed you to feel like each run was totally fresh.   In the Breath of Fire series (particularly 3 &amp; 4), you could copy opponents moves for good, as well as turn your main character into a dragon using a unique combination of inputs. Each time you strung together a new string of inputs, it made you feel awesome to find good combinations - and it seemed like there were limitless combinations to play your hero.  Monster Rancher allowed you to put CD's into the PlayStation to generate monsters with unique attributes. This allowed you to have a fresh monster to start a run with whenever you wanted.  Pokemon is pretty self explanitory, but each time you started up, you can have a unique team and a moveset that you decide.   Based on the above, are there any current, quality RPGs games out there that allow you to have a unique playthrough each time? Looking forward to the discussion. :)
[wildstar, wildstar, wildstar]	Hi! I am looking for a MMO to play with a friend of mine, some games (not all MMO's obviously) that we've liked are: Ultima Online, Minecraft, Crusader Kings, EVE, Overwatch, DAoC.  Features we'd like: open world PVP, partial loot, player-based economy, resource gathering/manufacturing, land/housing that can be demolished or sieged, territory control, fantasy or sci-fi theme, large player population/single instanced world.  Currently considering:   * ArcheAge: everyone seems to hate this game and describes it as a time-sink or money-sink. * ARK: doesn't seem too promising because of the small servers. * Rust: bought this before I knew it had small servers, oops. :( * Albion Online: everyone seems to hate this game, doesn't have open-world pvp but does have player loot in some areas. * Black Desert: still in beta but people seem to like it, I don't know much about it yet, hard to find details.  Appreciate any help!  edit: Have also heard mixed things about Wurm, TERA, Aion and Rift but haven't been able to learn too much about them yet. I really like to just jump into an MMO without knowing too much about it, which makes researching them really tricky :p
[shadow of mordor]	My nephew's birthday is coming up and I wanted to get him a game or two since I noticed Steam is having a sale right now. He's played Skyrim and loves the Assassin's Creed series (especially 2 and brotherhood because of the historical period). I was thinking something open-world like these games. The one caveat is that he can't stand playing in first person. He tried playing Dishonored and liked the concept but the first person just wasn't cutting it.   I'd appreciate any recommendations. I was thinking the Witcher 3 or maybe AC Syndicate, but if there's anything on Steam that's in this genre and is currently on sale I might get him a few more. Thanks! 
[grand theft auto, saints row 4, saints row 4, over the top, over the top, saints row 3, saints row 3, xbox 360, ninja, gta, gta, gta, gta, gta, sr2, sr2, sr2, sr2, sr2, sr2, sr2, sr2]	I just finished Sleeping Dogs and would love to be able to take over areas and recruit randos for my gang.  EDIT:: As a follow up, I think I enjoyed the story of Sleeping Dogs just as much as the open world. I also enjoyed Shadow of Mordor and Assassin's Creed: Black Flag. Essentially, I want the game play of these titles and a compelling urban story along with the ability to recruit strangers and compel businesses to pay protection to me and my forces while fighting off enemy forces (kudos if they follow the nemesis system).
[roller coaster, bulletstorm, bulletstorm, serious sam]	Let me preface this by saying that I love story driven games. And usually, in the case of action/shooting games, I prefer to play games of those genres which have good narratives, simply because I find the core gameplay to be often mundane in these types of games.  In any cas I would like to know, what kind of a story is there in the two games above? Is it Tier 1 stuff, where you have games like Bioshock Infinite or Wolfenstein The New Order or Metro 2033? Or is it a Tier 2 game like Tomb Raider or Thief (both the newer reboots) or Dishonored or Hitman Absolution, where there is a decent narrative tying everything together but it's nothing particularly brilliant? Or is it Tier 3, where the narrative is poor?  Also, story aside, how is the single player campaign in the two games? Well structured/crafted?  Thanks!
[timber and stone]	i am looking for a game where either you collect resources and command other people in the town to build stuff, or where you control the people in the town and have them collect the resources and build the stuff.  the main thing im looking for is building a town where you see everything come together piece by piece, like you can watch the towns people mining each resource and building each house brick by brick.   stonehearth is basically exactly what i am looking for, but i want a game that is more developed and less buggy
[path of exile, path of exile, planetside, warframe, diablo]	I used to have a gaming computer from 2012-2013 before it got water damage and I stopped playing PC games for a while. Recently, I salvaged the working CPU (an i5 3570k) and RAM (8gb  from my old PC and bought a GTX 960 and the rest of the parts necessary to resurrect my computer. I now have a decently powerful PC, but not many games to take advantage of it. I've sort of been out of the loop recently, what PC games are currently worth playing right now? Especially any good F2P games that aren't pay-to-win.
[infinifactory, assembly line, factorio, factorio]	Hi,  I love Zachtronics games like Infinifactory, SpaceChem, TIS-100 where it's a puzzle-type game, and there's kind of an open ended solution, and you just feel like a genius after solving each level.   Other games that I have and really enjoyed  that give a similar feeling (though less open-solutiony) are Portal 1+2 (also Portal Stories: Mel and Thinking with Time Machine), Talos Principle, and AntiChamber.   Anything else along these lines? (have also played The Incredible Machine and Contraption Maker)   Looking for PC games, preferably but not necessarily available from Steam.   Thanks! 
[my friends, minecraft]	Roughly once a year me and my friends set up a Minecraft server and play it until we get sick of it. We build awesome and hilarious bases, play tricks on each other and go exploring. It's heaps of fun, but it's getting a bit repetitive these days as we quickly make it to "end-game minecraft" with brimming farms and more diamond that we could ever need.  So I've been looking for a game with a similar not-too-serious online play style. Games I've noted so far are Rust, Ark and Reign of Kings. Ark's UI gave me a headache and Reign of kings has a terrible reputation, I'm yet to have a proper go at Rust but I believe it takes a huge time investment.  Is there any other games like this that I'm missing?
[break out, call me, dnd]	A number of game I've picked up recently throw me into situations that I feel like I would be having a lot more fun if I could be anyone besides the protagonist (I'm looking at you Last Remnant). While this obviously isn't a bad thing, more and more I just want to make a character and slip into the shoes of a bandit warlord, local leader, or knight errant. There are plenty of games in my library where I can experience total freedom, but I always find myself limited by things like dedication to multiplayer (Life is Feudal, Reign of Kings), limited or dated technology (Mount and Blade: Warband), or a lack of focus on personal immersion (Nobunaga's Ambition).  My searches through Steam for anything that lets me really be whoever I can imagine often only turns up Early Access games, and while I'm not opposed to that model, I would much rather have something that's already fully formed around the idea of total freedom.  At this point, the game that really looks like it might scratch my itch best is Mount and Blade II: Bannerlord, but there's no solid release date on that yet, and I'm nothing if not impatient.  I'm open to any suggestions, bonus points for games that are easy on the eyes. Anything that blends RPG with RTS is preferred, but straight strategy (RTS of TBS) is fine.
[game!]	My father and I really enjoy playing telltale games like this one, the walking dead and the wolf among us. We're looking to play life is strange as well. It's one way my dad and I can connect, through a good story. It's much different than just a movie, we enjoy the interactive element to it. I usually just play and he watches or helps me make decisions. We don't just play point and clicks, we also played the vanishing of Ethan Carter, which he loved. I loved the story of bioshoxk infinite and played it again with him but it was "too much shooting and not enough story" for him. He wants constant story, and even some puzzles along the way. He enjoyed Valiant Hearts' puzzles. So right now I'm just looking for suggestions on games that you guys think he would enjoy, thank you!
[state of emergency, modern warfare 2]	I know this gonna irk some people but well yeah since there's anti-Bush, anti-Islam, jihad games, and other games made in bad taste I guess I'll try my luck.  We can kill children with a modded Skyrim but there's less incentive to kill them as the kids are not that annoying to warrant a murder.  I'm looking for a game where the children has to be as much annoying as real life children,  making noises, screaming, never stop crying, etc. Like the [Neighbors from Hell](http:// game where it perfectly simulates your un-friendly disgusting neighbors in real life you wish you could've smacked him in the face.
[shadow of the colossus , super mario galaxy 2 , metal gear solid, silent hill 2 , dark souls, bioshock , xbox 360, xbox 360, xbox 360, portal 2]	I've gotten busy with life, kids, work etc. for about 15 years and haven't had time or money to mess around with videogames.  But now my kids are older and my job is quite comfortable now. I have time to indulge all my gaming fantasies. Please help me discover, which games post-Nintendo64 MUST i buy (clone) and play? This also includes computer games.  *Note that I obviously loved mariokart, 077 goldeneye, zelda ocarina. I also love Starcraft broodwars. However I've never played a star wars game but now with advanced graphics it seems fascinating.  Please reco! 
[assassins creed]	So today we have this serve thunderstorm unusual for our region. Nothing dangerous really, it's just something that I haven't experienced in years.  I'm not specially asking about a game that is -about- weather ( Such as, I don't want a simulator, I want to be a character experiencing the weather ) , but a game in which weather makes a huge impact, that gives you awe of what nature can produce. Such as, this thunderstorm sounds amazing with an incredibly hard rain and little wind, however there was a thunderclap not too long ago that shook the entire house.   Any games in which the weather means something or have you experience different weather types in an awe inspiring way.   Searching to ensure there was no tornado warning here. I started to reflect on the fear and anxiety that must have accompanied places Haiti, or New Orleans with Katrina. Like, what would it be like in a medieval setting for that to happen? You awake from your thatch hut built outside the main city to see that city being destroyed by a large ripping funnel of wind. It's not like they had cars or anything to escape.   Hopefully I've covered my point enough with my vague descriptions. Games are suppose to help us experience other realities, I want to get an idea or experience that panic or serene beauty nature can form. Even better if both moments are in the same game.  Edit: My hope was to be able to experience and be within the weather, like Skyrim + Mods, however more severe weather's, like tornados, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis. I almost seek the tension and fear that comes with the prep and the impending damage that is coming.
[the last of us]	So far I have Black Ops 3 and Battlefront for my PS4. I was thinking about getting Fallout 4 but it seems like its not as great as I thought from what I'm reading about it. I did think about the Witcher 3 but never have played any of the others. MGS V Phantom Pain looks good but I heard the story wasn't great which is what I really want. And then theres Bloodborne, I have Demons Souls on the PS3 and thats a hard game but I'm up for trying BB since I've heard only good things.  Anyone got any opinions on these games or other suggestions?
[spec ops: the line]	I'm looking for games that start out normal enough but get darker and weirder (maybe even changing game genres) as you play on.  I'll try to be vague about my spoilers but:  **SPOILER WARNING**  In Eversion I loved how the game originally looked like a cute Mario clone but got scarier and harder the more eversions you go through. I liked the dating sim part of Hatoful Boyfriend but didn't fall in love with the game until the final ending when it becomes a murder mystery. Undertale gave me the same feeling in the true ending when you enter the lab, not to mention what happens if you go on a killing spree.  Are there any other games like that for any platform (PC, console, phone, you name it)?
[dwarf fortress]	the most fun I've probably ever had when playing games was learning minecraft via let's plays and the wiki, because there was a lot of things to learn and I really liked that aspect, so I'm wondering if there's any other games like this.      I'm currently giving Dwarf Fortress a go, see how it turns out.      edit:   I should've done that first, but here are the games I have that meet this 'criteria':   - Terraria   - Kerbal Space Program   - Factorio   - Binding of Isaac: Rebirth   - Codelink V2   - The Madness of Little Emma
[freelancer]	I've been trying to find some good space flight games for PC but I have some pretty specific criteria and I can't seem to find much. I'm looking for a single player game where you fly around in a spaceship and basically dog fight. Think Star Fox 64, although it doesn't have to be that linear. 3rd person or 1st person is fine and I don't care that much how old it is, although better graphics would be cool. All the space games I can find seem to be either about finding planets and getting resources or like testing the physics of rockets. I want action based gameplay
[animal crossing: amiibo festival , animal crossing: city folk, wii u]	Hello! I have a pretty specific request that I'm looking to fill, I'm hoping you are willing to hear me out! Quick background story, a friend of mine with high functioning aspergers (mid 20's) would love to find a game for his mother and him to play (either together or separately) to help them bond over his absolute favorite activity/passion. His mother is willing to give it a try as part of her christmas gift to him. He loves Nintendo Wii games, knows everything about every Nintendo character, but also has nearly every gaming console. He has several activities that he loves, and is truly a master/sevant of those artistic mediums! Steam games are also an option!    A little about the mom, she loves board games, music and art. I'm looking for a game that preferably has a story! A beginning, a middle and an end without too much branching off. Preferably something that guides her through? Potentially something that is emotionally engaging and requires some deeper thought? I have been told maybe not something that is open world. I'm open to any suggestions, and if you have taken the time to read this I really appreciate it! Thanks so much!   EDIT: I am hoping to get many suggestions that I can either have my roommates or I play a little of to see what will be best suited for her! We are trying out Ori and the Blind Forest right now and have decided it may be a little too complex.. 
[runescape, runescape, bots, bots]	I have always dreamed about a game like this because it's essentially the combination of everything I like in a MMORPG.  I will try to prioritize the things I want:   * Simple 2D graphics, the more simplistic the better, I want something that makes me imagine the gear and the world instead of giving me a crappy 3D version.   * PvP of some sort   * Highly clan based, I always liked the idea of being part of a clan and being known in it, the *small town* feel of I know almost everyone in here, you know, make friends.   * F2P if possible, I want to play with the highest amount of IRL friends and F2P is kind of a requisite   * Nice class and race system and dynamic gameplay, this is not strictly necessary but highly appreciated 
[hotline miami]	I've realized that 2D games are really what I love to play. I generally like 2D action games that have some element of story; for example, I really enjoyed Bastion, Transistor, Mark of the Ninja, Ori and the Blind Forest, Gunpoint, Shovel Knight, Undertale, VVVVVV, The Silent Age, and Axiom Verge. Recently I've been playing a LOT of Brawlhalla. I'm also looking forward to Hyper Light Drifter. If you know any PC games I'd like then please let me know! I also have xbox controllers I can use if necessary.  All my games(If I haven't played much of one of them then feel free to recommendme that): http://
[blood money, hitman]	JFK: Reloaded is a (n infamous) free, standalone game built around a single mission. Because it's just one mission there's a lot of detail, and the player can cause a lot of havoc by shooting out tires, shooting pedestrians, shooting the driver of any car, or pretty much anything else within range. People run, cars swerve and crash, people fly out of vehicles, and bodyguards try to protect the principal.  I've never played a sniper game that has so much detail and shows the chaos caused by any possible shot. Most sniper games I play are more FPS-y and involve action instead of letting the player pop off a few shots and then observe the consequences. I want a sniper game where I can add a single element of chaos and then watch a very detailed, realistic reaction.  And again, it would be pretty nice if it weren't about the actual assassination of a political figure.
[fantasy life]	I'll try to explain it succinctly. I'm looking for a game where you can level up your character through doing some skills a lot. Say you wanted to be good with swords, using swords as your primary weapon would make that skill higher and not do too much for your other skills, like say archery. And using particular skills that you get along the way would increase these specific skills in that path more than others.   I'm sure there are a few like what I'm thinking, but I can't come up with any that use this system off hand. The closest system I could think of would be from Maplestory, except that in Maplestory you level up through grinding, but the skill you chose to use while grinding was not the skill that got actually received the level up. The skill that got leveled up was whichever one you put the skill points in at the end.  Skyrim also had a close system to what I'm looking for, except it doesn't quite have it to the extent that I want. You increase actual skill levels by selecting where to place points on a tree in a certain discipline.   Though this isn't a game, what I'm kind of looking for is something like the manga/webcomic called [The Gamer](http://;episode_no=1).   Edit: a couple details I forgot to mention: MMOs are ok, but I think I'd prefer single player. It's playable on PC or PS4 or Wii U.
[dwarf fortress]	I've started playing The Curious Expedition, which according to it's own Steam page is: "a roguelike expedition simulation set in the late 19th century."  One of the things I love the most about this game is it's capacity to generate interesting new stories or adventures every time you play it.  I know most of the games with randomly generated content share this feature, but CE enhances it with well-written prose and the diary feature.   For me the adventures in this game feel much closer to what I could see written in a book than the gameplay in other roguelikes, that either have no story whatsoever (just randomly generated content) or have a pre-written story with randomly-generated levels.  Do you know any other games that show this narrative-generating feeling?  Edit: I'm refering to PC games, but I'm also interested in the discussion itself, so games from other platforms with interesting mechanics would be acceptable as well.
[shadowrun]	I've gotten bored of the tons of RPG games essentially set in some variant of medieval Europe, with the broad archetypes of warrior/mage/rogue. Doing a search for RPG didn't turn up any similar threads.  I enjoy the story and character development from games like [1], but not the setting or the skill trees. For some reason, I never managed to get into fallout new vegas: something just feels sluggish and off about it.  Favorite recent games: mass effect, borderlands. I'm currently playing clunky but awesome alpha protocol. Maybe deus ex human revolution?  1. So games like dragon age origins, skyrim, anything D&amp;D, etc. To some extent witcher.  EDIT: I have a ps4 and also play games on PC.
[world in conflict, age of empires, caesar iv, grey goo]	I am a big fan of city builders, simulations, strategy *(RTS or TB)*, and adventure RPGs.  I'm a sucker for pretty graphics too.  What game should I purchase under $30 or should I just save my $20 for later this year?  __________________________________________  Here's what I have - [SteamDB Link](https:// or [Steam Profile](http://  I was eyeballing Project Cars, Arma 3, Simple Planes, AssCreed Syndicate, Far Cry 4, or maybe a new RTS.  (I have a fx-8350 and gtx970, everything is pretty much playable)
[underrail]	Hi Guys!  I was wondering if there were more games out there like Fallout (the classic/old ones) mechanics wise. The main elements I'm looking for are:  -Turn based combat.  -RPG mechanics/elements.  -Equipment you use being at least somewhat important.  -Just 1 character, no parties.  .  Recently I was trying to find something that was at least remotely similar but the only one that kinda fits these three elements is the "Guild of Dungeoneering". But it lack the narrative depth of Fallout and feels too much like a roguelike (though I love the card-like mechanics).  Do you guys know any more titles that could fit the bill? Any turn based RPGs that don't incorporate parties? I'm not looking for roguelikes like Dungeons of Dreadmor or Sword of the Stars: The Pit, though.   Thanks in advance for the suggestions. :)
[sid meier's pirates]	The only AC game I've ever played was AC1. I liked it at first, but then it became boring as hell, and ultimately, I dropped it after a few hours of playing. With the way the series "evolved" over the years, though, I'm willing to give those games another chance.   What I disliked about AC 1 were three things: the combat, the difficulty, and the repetitiveness. While I know the first two issues remain unchanged with each iteration, I reckon they managed to fix the third issue to some degree in the later installments. Which ones do it best, though? Basically I'm looking to play the AC games that have the most quality stuff to offer to compensate for the terrible "press X to win" combat and the difficulty made for a 5 year old. It can be anything out of these (although the best case scenario would've been if it had *all* of these):  * Interesting mission structure that doesn't boil down to "waltz in, kill the target "stealthily" (meaning "literally in front of everyone and as loud as you can") and leg it". This is a must because it was the thing that put me off AC1. I don't mind a mission like that from time to time, but I don't want *every* mission to be this simplistic. Also, the less actual assassination missions there are, the better. * Good story that's fun to experience. I've heard these games are known for that, but I've yet to see it. * Interesting, non-bland characters. * Well designed world that's fun to explore. * Diverse, fun to play, and interesting side activities that don't get boringly repetitive too quickly.  So, based on these, which (if any) AC games would you recommend?
[binary domain]	Not talking about VNs for masturbation. I really appreciated how sex was portrayed in Wolfenstein TNO, and how women were strong characters (both good and evil.)  What other games are sex positive? I got downvoted for asking this in /r/games weekly thread hoping that /r/gamingsuggestions isn't as puritanical.  **Here are some to start:**  Wolfenstein: The New Order  The Witcher 3  Fallout 1 &amp; 2 (I haven't played the others yet)  Mass Effect  **EDIT: your suggestions below, thanks all, keep 'em coming;**  Binary Domain  Catherine  Dishonored  Dragon Age games  Fahrenheit (Indigo Prophecy)  Far Cry 3  Grand Theft Auto IV  Hitman Absolution  Huniepop  Mafia 2  Max Payne 3  Metro Last Light  Saints Row 2  Silent Hill 2  Silent Hill 3  The Saboteur  Mafia 2  Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines  The Witcher 2    
[star wars: knights of the old republic, pillars of eternity, dragon age: origins, inquisition*, mass effect]	Hey guys,  I've recently been playing through FF9 by myself, and Kingdom Hearts 1+2 with my friends. I've been interested in playing some more RPGs recently, and I'm looking for some that will immerse me and allow me to sink a good chunk of time into them. I've played most of the "popular" RPGs like Elder Scrolls, Fallouts, Witchers, Souls Games, and whatnot, and am mostly looking towards playing some older RPGs that stand up and don't look too extremely dated nowadays.   I'm able to play anything on the PC, PS1, PS3, Xbox 360, and 3DS. I'm also open to pretty much any suggestion, especially if you're very passionate about it I'm willing to give it a look! Thanks!
[lords of the fallen, dark souls 2]	There aren't a lot of super difficult/punishing games on pc. My current hardcore game is fallout 4 with a couple mods. Firstly, realistic damage. With realistic damage, all damage is greatly increased at around 450% and all headshots are instant kill on humanoid targets. It is also played with no HUD and no fast travel. If you were to die, the mod will delete the save/character and close the game. It was very fun for a while but im looking for something new now. does anyone know of a similar game? I'm not just looking mainly at difficulty but also strategic thinking, a game that you can't just rush into an unknown place and do anything you feel like while later still coming out alive.   I've asked quite a few people and a lot of them have recommended some FTB packs based around the same type of mechanics. Most of them seem too tedious to really enjoy but ive tried most of them as well.  Edit: Thanks for all the suggestions guys! I've looked into every one of your recommendations and will probably be starting new playthroughs on quite a few of them.
[run for your life, gothic universe, the witcher 2, under siege, wrong turn, this game, gothic 2, gothic 3, risen 2, arcania]	Follow the shiny arrow/exclamation mark/whatever in a linear fashion until the end drives me nuts.  I like games with deep lore, worldbuilding, mechanics and characters. Games with long playtime or that benefit from re-playing significantly.  This mostly leaves me with RPGs but I'm open to other genres if there are games out there that fill those specifications.  Games I liked: Baldur's Gate 2 Pillars of Eternity Deus Ex/2 Fallout 3 Mass Effect 1 Final Fantasy 4/7/10/12/Tactics Age of Empires 2 Civilization 5 Zelda: Majora's Mask Endless Legend  Games I did not like: Mass Effect 3 Tales of Zestiria Dragon Age: Inquisition Fallout 4 Persona Series Zelda: Skyward Sword
[ddr3]	Hi,  I recently won a competition and have my hands on $1,000 with nothing to spend it on. I want to spend some of it on new games but not sure what's good and what should be on my radar. I'm looking for a few recommendations (Steam preferred but not required).  The games I currently have are:   - Call of Duty: World at War  - Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3  - Call of Duty: Black Ops II  - Arma 2 (w/ Operation Arrowhead)  - Chivalry: Medieval Warfare  - Terraria  - Counter-Strike: Global Offensive  The games I know I'm going to get are:   - Sid Meier's Civilization 5  - Rise of Nations  I've been also thinking about the 2 most recent Call of Duty games, Grand Theft Auto V, and Total War: Rome II.  So again, if anyone could recommend some good games. From the lists above, it should be pretty obvious that I like First Person Shooters, Turn-Based Strategies, and Real-Time Strategies.  Thanks in advance.
[the witcher, the witcher]	So, I've been playing games like Pillars of Eternity and Divinity: Original Sin. Which are awesome games and heavy throwback to the cRPG genre, which is great! I absolutely love the immersion. However I can't help but have this craving to play a third person immersive action RPG.   I miss ye old days of games like the original Fable, Morrowind and the like. The only thing that's capture that for me recent years were Kingdoms of Alamur ( Which... Honestly, while I loved the combat and skill progression, I basically hated everything else about the WoW in Single Player game ) and suprisingly Guild Wars 2. Whelp, I've literally done pretty much all there is to be done in GW2, now I'm yearning for action RPG combat in a single player form.   As a fan of the Tales Of series I'm acquiring Tales of Zestiria because I know I adore it's combat and it's stories are usually pretty good. However I really like the thought of being able to explore a world in third person. The Witcher franchise I know comes to mind with this, however I'm taken aback by how dead set the character is. I like to imagine my own character, roleplaying my own story, rather than being hard tracked into a Book-like story path. Though I could contradict myself.  Either way, I'd love to hear some suggestions. My core qualifications: 3D, 3rd Person Camera, RPG, Fantasy setting  Preferences : Immersive, Customization Hero, Multiple Class choices  If only there were a Borderlands set in an RPG Sword &amp; Sorcery type fantasy setting, then I'd be set!
[counter strike, in the dark, olliolli, siralim, diablo]	Hey guys  I'm looking for a relaxing game to play basically to me wind down after a long day. I've been playing too many stressful ones lately and they just aren't doing the trick.  Edit: Thank you all so much for the help,   /u/spriteguard I've been looking into proteus for a while the soundtrack looks really nice.   /u/ahoneybadger3 city builders are good. I have cities skylines but the challenge seems to have left ages ago.  /u/fastjeff I actually did end up settling on euro truck sim 2 today after your suggestion i remembered i had it in my library. Threw on the some good soundtracks, helped a lot.  Thank you all for your suggestions you all made my day a little better.
[divinity: original sin, shadowrun: dragonfall, pillars of eternity, wasteland 2]	A CRPG for someone whose played quite mainstream RPGs (Dragon Age Origins - only 10 hours, Fallout NV, Witcher 3, Skyrim) and hell lot of JRPGs.  I've heard that the classics, while being great, have things that are not really CRPG noob friendly, like certain time limit mechanics and many bugs. Also, I know almost nothing about DnD.  Since I've enough time to pour into one or two decent sized RPG, which games do you think will be worth my time? Either a classic or modern game would do.  They can be turn based or real time with pause, but I'd prefer the latter.  Thanks in advance.
[pillars of eternity, stack up, die hard]	A CRPG for someone whose played quite mainstream RPGs (Dragon Age Origins - only 10 hours, Fallout NV, Witcher 3, Skyrim) and hell lot of JRPGs.  I've heard that the classics, while being great, have things that are not really CRPG noob friendly, like certain time limit mechanics and many bugs. Also, I know almost nothing about DnD.  Since I've enough time to pour into one or two decent sized RPG, which games do you think will be worth my time? Either a classic or modern game would do.  They can be turn based or real time with pause, but I'd prefer the latter.  Thanks in advance.
[ark: survival evolved, minecraft]	Hey everyone, I'm currently looking for something to play "after" Minecraft. I prefer graphics similar to Ark etc, however I am looking for a game that doesn't have monsters or dinosaurs. I have been playing the Forest, Ark, and 7 Days to Die recently. I would prefer to have to survive in a world with primarily just regular animals. I like the starting from the ground up with structures and having to hunt/gather for food. I have always liked Harvest Moon and similar games so something perhaps where I am not fighting things would even be good. Anyways the biggest factor is that I want to be surviving against real current creatures. Thanks.
[divinity: original sin, endless legend, endless legend, a.i., aow, aow]	Hi there,  I'm having a friend over tonight, and we usually hook up my PC to the TV, play Heroes of Might and Magic III, and drink beer.  However, tonight we're considering trying something new. We enjoy cooperating against the AI, either through a campaign or a simple team deathmatch-style.  Considering we're playing on the same machine either with two controllers or sharing a mouse, the amount of games is quite limited.   We've considered the ones below, and your suggestions on which of these to pick up would help a ton!  - Civilization 5 (or Beyond Earth) - Endless Legend  - Age of Wonders 3 - Heroes of Might &amp; Magic IV, V, VI, VII  If you know of any other games that might be worth investigating, please let me know.  Thanks! :-)
[alien: isolation, fatal frame, until dawn, wii u]	To preface I also have an Xbox one and a PS3.  I'm looking for a truly pants shittingly scary game, something that will chill me to the very core. I've played just about every silent hill and RE as well as deadspace, condemned, that one Japanese series with the camera (name escapes me).  I prefer atmospheric to run and gun and I've played amnesia and found it underwhelming, so hopefully you guys can think of something. If you need anymore info please ask. Ninja edit: I no longer have a capable PC so no steam games please.
[final fantasy tactics, final fantasy tactics, final fantasy tactics, fire emblem awakening, valkyria chronicles, dungeons of dredmor, battle for wesnoth, shadowrun returns, shadowrun returns, jagged alliance 2, massive chalice, etrian odyssey, dwarf fortress, front mission, shining force, advance wars, tactics ogre, all games, xenonauts, card game, xbox 360, xbox 360, odyssey*, sci-fi, nes, fft, fft, fft, vs.]	I'm looking for something 'casual' to play while watching TV or whatever (by casual I mean I can take my time, not that I don't want to invest in story/characters/gameplay). However while I liked Civ V, I got bored of it pretty quickly and don't want a game in that genre.   I think I'd like most some sort of grindy RPG. What are your favorite turn-based games?  Edit: Also, I'm a big fan of roguelikes so I already know the big names in that category. Personal favorites are Dungeons of Dredmor and ToME but I've played nethack/dcss. Other turn based games that I've enjoyed are Darkest Dungeon and the FFTactics series.
[castlevania lords of shadow, shadow of the colossus]	Hiya!   Slightly broad, but I'm hoping there's some hidden gems that I haven't heard about, where you fight big creatures or gods, or that involves/is based around mythology. Genre doesn't really matter, though I'm no good at 4x.  I'm thinking along the lines of God of War, Dantes Inferno or Darksiders. But they don't have to be brawlers/beat em ups. I'm open to anything. They do, however, have to be on PC. And I'd quite like there to be a story involved.  I've played a few, but I'd rather just leave the floor completely open rather than stifle anyone!  Any help is appreciated!  
[endless legend, endless legend, card games, civ, civ]	Hey guys,  Currently laid up with a back injury for a few weeks and I'm looking to try a few new games.  I don't do a lot of gaming as it is but I feel like now is a good time to get back in to it.  I've mostly played the bethesda games (fallout, elder scrolls) and top down rpgs (baldurs gate, pillars of eternity). But not a whole lot else.  Looking for story driven, preferably not first person (but if it's a great story I can usually deal, I'm just honestly not great at playing them) games that take up a chunk of time.  7-15 hours for single player experience, 30+ for open world RPGs, etc.  I'm not big into simulations, RTS, or sports based games.  Prefer action, fantasy, horror, etc.  Not too big on MMOs, or online gaming experiences though I could probably be convinced otherwise by the right game.  I can currently only play on my laptop, a Lenovo Z70-80 with the following specs:  5th Generation Intel Core i7-5500U Processor  NVIDIA GeForce 840M 2GB  16GB DDR3L  1TB HDD + 25GB SSD Windows 10  Not the best, obviously, but I'll have to deal till I can actually sit up well enough to be at the desktop.  Thanks for any suggestions you might have.
[factorio]	Desperatly looking for a new game to play where you build/manage something. What exactly doesn't even matter that much but it has to be a good game.  Just think along the lines of: Banished, Cities Skylines, Anno, Farming Simulator (kinda), Offworld Trading Company (not a huge fan of this one though), Prison Architect, Civilization, Total War, XCOM.  I just wish there was a good game like Banished/Civ/Anno where I can spend 50+ hours working on something and making it big. I just can't seem to find anything like it.
[edge of space, starbound, minecraft]	Does anything like this exist, where you can actually strengthen your character by killing mobs and doing quests rather than just relying on items you've collected and/or crafted? Ideally, I'd like something with different character classes and skill trees, even if it's just something as simple as choosing between a warrior, a mage, and an archer.  Basically, I'd like to be able to craft things, build structures, and mine like Terraria, but grow my character, use abilities, and find weapons and armor with randomized stats like Diablo. 2D is preferred, more for reasons of personal taste than because of system specs (I'm running an Athlon 860k, 1GB R7 250X, and 16GB of DDR3 1600, I should be good lol). I want to be able to build a house, slaughter mobs, and fling spells. Also, I'd prefer it if multiplayer weren't absolutely essential or necessary.  I forgot to mention, I'm looking for something I can play on PC, but if it's on a different system, then I may consider picking one up just to play it. 
[guild wars 2]	So i'm bored, and i want something to kill my time in.   i want a good F2P mmo that isn't a cashgrab, was hoping Archeage was going to fill in that void, but nah... turns out it got into a pretty shitty P2W game with the APEX and whatnot.   Sooooooooooooooo i'm turning to you guys, do you have a good f2p MMO that isn't a p2w game?  *basically i'm looking for games that don't have p2w things in their cash shop, i know it's impossible to go around a cash shop in a f2p game, but as long as i can still play the game without spending a single cent and still be able to get to endgame and whatnot and actually enjoy it during the time i get there i'm glad.*
[democracy 3]	Ever since fable 3's dissaponitment, I have always wanted a game where I make real decisions like a ruler. I know about long live the queen and i'm afraid it's just all wrong for my taste. It would also be great if I could force the people to 'follow' laws that I can make up myself. I can't think of any example for that but basically the game only really has to say they do the things they're told... I doubt i'll get anything in the 'custom law' department, but still, any game where you genuinely make decisions that effect the ecosystem of your town, without necessarily having to manage every other aspect, would be great. In other words, i also don't want to play something like sim city and have to build the infrastructure from nothing.
[risk of rain, risk of rain]	I have some 40 hours of game time in Risk of Rain. It's an awesome roguelike platform game with lots of powerups, decent physics and intensely fun gameplay.  After Risk of Rain I tried the highly recommended Binding of Isaac. And I'm a little disappointed. Yes, the game is good and fun. But I feel Risk of Rain was so much better! Cooler powerups, more depends on your conscious choices than on blind luck in Binding of Isaac (I'm thinking about pills and powerups). And it has AWESOME soundtrack.  [Here is a gameplay video, you can see powerup list above health bar](http://  If you haven't played Risk of Rain, you have to!
[divinity: original sin enhanced edition, gauntlet: slayer edition, marvel heroes 2015, total war: arena, mercenary kings, strategy games, 7 days to die, star citizen, titan quest, playstation, playstation, mechwarrior, duck game, duck game, magicka 2, sanctum 2, warframe, spelunky]	As the title suggest, a friend of mine and I are looking for a game we can really dedicate a lot of time to while we wait for some new releases (overwatch, legion.. paragon). Here are our requirements:       - Primarily a COOP or team focused game   - Edit: Gameplay comes first. We've tried games like PoE but the gameplay is just lacking. We're looking for tight controls / game systems and a lot of depth. Think DOTA / WoW  - Can be on PS4/XBox/Mobile/PC (Prefer PC or PS4)  - Has RPG elements and player progression (we're kind of interested in trying a JRPG but most of those are single player). If no direct RPG elements, big time replayability is necessary.  - Cost isn't a huge issue, but would prefer a lower one / ftp if possible  - Online community preferably one where trading is abound  - No sports games (we already have and play rocket league)  - No 8 bit / retro graphics. We've been there done that.  - Story is not important... but a good one never hurts  - We LOVE detailed research on games. Learning metas / new tactics etc. So a demanding game would be ideal.       The two of us are pretty veteran players, we've tried most of the big names (all blizzard products, PoE, wildstar etc.) as well as many of the MOBAs. Quite frankly, we're a bit burned out of the big name players so we're looking for smaller or different stuff from the norm.  We thought about the dragon quest game for PS4 but it's lack of coop is a deal breaker for us.      We don't particularily care if it's first person, 3rd, or isometric just as long as the gameplay comes first.      Edit #2 (I realized it would be nice to list games we have played. so this list is games we have played already):       - Wildstar, wow, PoE, GW2 ... pretty much every major MMO  - Diablo 3, PoE  - Destiny, TF2, CS:GO  - League, HOTS, DOTA, Paladins (we are currently aggressively awaiting Overwatch)  - Hearthstone  - Dungeon defenders 2, Orcs must die  - Few of the big name fightning games (MKX - notably)  - Rocket league + madden etc. in the sports department  - Helldivers  - No interest in the following: Eve, Smite (or any other moba really), Tera 
[path of exile]	Hello there,  I just uninstalled League of Legends recently because I didn't enjoy the game anymore, I didn't get the sense of achievement anymore or new social contacts over there, and I was really sick of the meta and so on. And now I am trying to fill that void that took almost half a year from my life in game time.   So my request is this - do you have any suggestions for a online experience that grants me a sense of achievement and competition? I like ranked games a lot, the feel that I am better than my opponent by outplaying him and so on.   My other passion before League of Legends was of course the World of WarCraft. I loved the raiding back then and the literal achievements and the most epic loot I got from it.  Actually, it doesn't really even need to be an online game. If you know any good aRPGs or games like that with great loot system and hard bosses and so on give me suggestion. :)  tldr: competitive games where I can really feel I have achieved something marvelous?  Thanks in advance
[dragons dogma]	Currently looking for an open world game where there's lots of exploration and character upgrades you can obtain. With the exploration aspect being just as rewarding as doing quests/missions by granting some experience of unique items to equip or use. Character upgrades could be new skills, better stats or whatever else.   &amp;nbsp;  Ideally I'd like a game where you get to create your own character  so character creation/customisation would be ideal.  Games i've already played include:  * Skyrim &amp; Oblivion * Fallout NV, Fallout 4 * GTA series * Saints Row series * Watchdogs * Tomb Raider   Any suggestions would be appreciated! :)  &amp;nbsp;  EDIT: Games that i'm currently considering based upon suggestions i've received:  * Witcher 3 * Dragons Dogma  &amp;nbsp;  EDIT 2: While viewing some of the suggestions i also came across the Far Cry games, it seems to satisfy my requirements from the looks of things but i'm not entirely sure. Could anyone be able to give some info on whether it does or not? It looks like they don't have character creation though which is a shame but not all developers have the time budget or resources to implement it in all their games.   
[the vanishing of ethan carter, gone home]	I loved Myst, I loved Bioshock, I loved Braid. Seemingly very different games but they are also similar in a way that they motivate me to play through them in a similar way. I am cast into a mysterious (pun not intended!) environment where I really want to figure out what the story behind it is. And the only way to do that is to play the game.  I don't like talking to NPCs. It breaks the immersion for me. I prefer to be talked at by books and audio journals and such. I also enjoy puzzle-adventure games particularly so if your recommendation would be in that genre - even more power to you!  EDIT: Also, Dear Esther is a similar example!
[portal 2]	Hey guys,  OK so my son is super addicted to games where he can create his own levels. He obsesses over Geometry Dash (if allowed he will play for 8 hours straight) and Mario Maker. We got him a WiiU for xmas just for that game. I am kind of stuck on what to buy him, he is bugging me about it and has steam cash from the holidays. But searching I can not find much outside some platformers which are frustrating for him.  Ya I know Mario Maker is a platformer but when he dies he can stop, edit and restart over and over.   Not sure what he should try? Oh and he is seven.  Thanks!
[we are, we are]	I loved playing World of Warcraft a few years back (Vanilla-Burning Crusade). It was such a nice world to explore and I remember spending hours trying to reach certain places just to see what was there, often failing. I actually really loved doing the quests, as repetitive as they may be. I even loved just going out and killing the monsters, or grinding for reputation. It just felt like a world I was a part of.  Not everything was great though. My biggest issue with MMORPGs is, ironically enough, the MMO part. I don't like missing out on a quest or content, just because I don't want to group up with people or PvP. I don't like joining a dungeon group only to ignore everything and run the dungeon as fast as possible.   I love single player RPGs and maybe I just need to stick with games like Skyrim, but part of me really wants a game like an MMORPG.  I want a game that has a long road until max level (or whatever system the game uses) and once there, has lots of content to explore and do on my own, without feeling like I'm missing out for paying the way I wanna play. The content could be exploring, doing dungeons, getting gear, unlocking things, or any other interesting content.  I don't care if it's an MMO or not, I just want a game with that sort of mechanics when it comes to gameplay (like WoW, EQ2, SWG, etc.). I would like a single player experience though, or a co-op experience, rather than having to group with strangers or make new friends. I don't care if other people are online there or not, I just don't want to have to rely on them.  I should mention that I am not technically savvy enough to figure out how to run a private server for WoW so that's not a great suggestion for me.  **tl;dr:** Looking for an MMORPG or a single player/co-op RPG that feels like an MMORPG in the vain of WoW, but can be played solo or with 1 other person to its fullest. 
[path of exile, torchlight 2, grim dawn, grim dawn]	Hello! I figured I'd give this a shot because I've been getting hit by serious nostalgia lately. I'm mainly a tabletop gamer these days, but I do have a mid end PC and a PS4. Years ago I used to play TONS of two games: Neverwinter Nights and Diablo II. NWN on persistent world servers was super fun and gave me that fix of role-playing I needed when I didn't have anyone to play actual tabletop RPGs with, I met a lot of good friends. Diablo II I also loved. It was a bit less of an involved experience but it was fun to grab loot and shoot the shit with people.  I've tried NWN2 and I did not like it as much as the first, the same with Diablo III, though my main gripe with D3 is its , plus I feel it lacks cool build options like 2 had.  I'm looking for something in the vein of either NWN or D2 -- a multiplayer RPG that is active and social, but I don't want an MMO -- I tried a lot of FFXIV but it just wasn't for me. Path of Exile is on my radar and I've played it a bit but I'm still not knowledgeable enough about the game to see if I like it, only on act 3 with my first character and though the global chat is busy, there never seems to be anyone to group with, but maybe that's just because everyone's at the end game.  Anyone have any tips for me?
[rainbow six siege, team fortress 2, red orchestra, only if]	I'm looking for game where you can comfortably and effectively play solo and still not be a burden to a team, get results and win game. For example, DOTA is not game I'm looking for: more often than not playing solo is bad, and team can throw so hard your effort doesn't matter. Just online shooters not needed, want something more than 'shoot em all' arenas.  Mostly looking for tactical shooters, have little patience for long-winged strategies. Need games you can start and play solo, if they require pack of friends to enjoy, just no.  Games I heard things and thinking about buying:   Rainbow Six Siege (fun or burden without your own party?)  ARMA ( fun solo?)  Insurgency ( too hard to learn? fun alone or not?)
[mass effect]	Fallout 4 isn't doing it for me, I need something different. A classic from recent years that I may have missed.  Games I've played:  - StarCraft  - Diablo  - Tomb Raider series  - uncharted series  - halo  - COD  - Battlefield  - Half life  - CSGO  - Portal 1 &amp; 2  - Limbo  - The Swapper  - Ori and the Blind Forest  - Fallouts  - Skyrim  - Witcher 3 with HoS expansion  - Deus Ex  - Bioshock Series  - *EDIT: Shadow of the colossus   - *The Last of Us  - * of them  - *Red Dead Redemption  - *Star Wars KOTOR  ~~the only thing I'm against are MMORPGs of any type. Diablo is the closest I ever got to those games and that's about as close as I want to get. * and no telltale games please.~~ Seeing peoples responses, I realized there are quite a few game styles I don't enjoy.  Feel free to recommend anything else. I really need something new to play.  I've never played Hit Man. Is that recommended? 
[dragon's dogma]	I am sure there are lots that fit this general idea, so let me be more specific:  I want most of my combat to be melee. I can have a ranged attack that is rarely used/has a cooldown, but mostly melee (over the shoulder/to the side are both fine).   By RPG-esque: I want to build up my character with new skills, items, over the game. However, I don't want to have farming/collecting part of the game. Just kill bosses, get upgrades, and move to next boss. There can be lackeys in the middle, that is fine.  Spectacle fighting is fine. However, I am looking for something more refined than Dynasty Warriors 5 (Which is the last spectacle fighter I have played).   Not looking for something on the God hand/Dark Souls level of unforgiving difficulty/expected death.   I have a controller for my PC, so either is fine.  Smash buttons. Learn boss. Make character better. Smash more buttons. 
[minecraft]	Hi! My boyfriend and I have been playing 7 Days to Die co-op but we both find it pretty scary (literally heart-racing, scream sometimes scary). I want another game with similar gameplay, but just not as intense. It can even still be a "scary" type of game if it's not quite so scary. I'm also a fan of pixelated type graphics so that's okay.  Here is what we like about it:  * Co-op -- we both want to have a character playing at the same time * Fighting/Defense system -- multiple weapons but also defense items that are just stationary like the spikes  * Base-building -- we really want a basebuilder. Not like a sidescroller RPG.  * Progression aspect -- mobs become harder, everything not available from the beginning but you got better and better gear as you loot more etc  * Farming/Eating -- I like farming and starting off with just like one seed and slowing working up to a variety. Having to eat or even just being able to use the food for buffs or more exp or something is nice * Scavenging/Exploring -- again, we want to base-build but exploring and scavenging is really fun too  Here are some other games we've played/looked into: Terraria, Orcs Must Die, Borderlands, Diablo 3 (and I'm still really waiting for when Stardew Valley comes out!)
[rise of the tomb raider, resident evil, re5, re4]	I'm currently playing Tomb Raider (2013) and while it's a good game, you have to shoot way too many people (stealth isn't even an option) and the traditional Tomb Raider stuff (climbing, jumping, solving puzzles) is too easy or non-existent. And your survival instincts always tell you where to go. So I have two questions:  1) How is Rise of the Tomb Raider? I know there's a lot of shooting (again), but does the rest of the game come closer to the TR of 96?   2)Are there games that are more like the original TR? I'm gonna mention a few games I've played that are in one way or another similar to TR: Prince of Persia, Splinter Cell, Far Cry (because of the exploration), Batman, Assassin's Creed  PC games only, so no Uncharted or The Last of Us. 
[team fortress 2]	So, I'm looking for a multiplayer (either co-op or competitive, although the latter is preferred) action game that I can play with my 3 friends. However, there's a catch - the game has to be free to play. And I mean really free to play - no microtransactions unless it's something that doesn't affect the game in any meaningful way (like character skins) and no dumb systems like character rotation (everything has to be available from the get go). We're open to anything as long as it's fun and non-commital (we usually play, like, two half hour sessions a day).  EDIT: Also, the game doesn't have to be on Steam. We can manage with non-Steam games.
[monster hunter, monster hunter, dark souls, dark souls, my friends, bloodborne, wii u]	Apparently I love fighting bosses, so I'm looking for anything that has good boss fights in it (and frequent, too). I really like Undertale's boss fights and dark souls / bloodborne boss fights. The only thing I dislike about them is sometimes the path to them is poorly designed. For example in das / bloodborne the path to the bosses is sometimes VERY long and consists of enemies that you have to kill in order to not get hit. In Undertale it's not even close to being as bad as some bosses in das and bloodborne but an example in Undertale is the fight against [spoilers for genocide run] genocide Undyne, you always have to go through the bridge, talk to the kid, hit him, pass the dialog between him and Undyne and only then start the fight. And after that you have to watch the death screen subtitles and you can't fast forward them. It's not nearly as bad as bosses in the souls series but considering that after about 20 attemts I still struggle to get her to 50% HP, it can be annoying sometimes.    Oh and I love good boss fight OSTs, so it's better if a game has some. 
[advent rising, sci-fi]	Every Sci fi game seems to do the "[humans are average](http://" trope. Even games that (and lets face it, most have humans win in the end) have humanity come out on top have it because of a few actions of a plucky underdog, overcoming a superior foe due to our ability to reverse engineer their tech and their lack of military common sense. Other games simply have Humans dominate everything with little to no mention of Aliens (Star Wars or Eve)   So what I want is a game - on PC - where Humanity is a military power on par with other factions and engages them as equals.   I'm not particularly fussy about the genre of the game, but I really want to be in command of, or a part of, a powerful human empire against the alien foes. 
[super mega baseball: extra innings]	My parents just got a new computer, windows 10.  Me and him used to play simple snes &amp; ps1-ps2 baseball games together when I was younger, he was wondering if there are any simple baseball games he could play.  I know most of the sports games they put out these games or pc''s would be too complicated for him, he's in his mid 50's with Parkinson's and arthiritis but he misses his old days of gaming.  He used to go to the arcade and his favorite game was Berzerk.  Looking for any recommendations, if there's any on the "Microsoft Store" or any that are simple enough for him or if I would have to get something on an emulator with a controller etc...  Thanks! 
[the lost vikings]	Did a search history and found portal 2, which i totally forgot about. But I want more.         Pretty much stumbled onto the Fire and Water series of games by accident after finding out about  yesterday. My girlfriend hates video games but loves this kind of thing. So I guess I'm thinking games like "lost vikings", but the game systems i have currently are       original xbox      original playstation      ps2      ps3             I want to play on the big screen, not my computer desk. My computer is in a different room than the tv
[metro 2033, undertale, undertale, roguelike, rimworld]	Most of the time I have devoted to gaming were on MSDOS, Windows, and PS1&amp;2 games in the late 1990s and early 2000s.  The games that I have enjoyed most recently are:  * 80 Days (I particularly liked this one, played through it a bunch of times already) * Age of Empires II HD * Crusader Kings II (which I wish was slightly more casual) * Banished * Cities Skylines * SimpleRockets and Kerbal Space Program * Telltale Game of Thrones (I'm not familiar with the ~~Living~~ Walking Dead's story soo..)  I prefer not to have to go through as much time "studying" game mechanics as I had to for CK2 again. Anything out there for my I shouldn't miss?
[the witcher]	Hey there everyone I'm looking for a modern game which has plenty of collectables that are enjoyable to obtain or worthwhile to obtain. So they must have some benefit to doing so, ideally ones where they grant you a small boost in a stat or trait, new map areas/locations/points of interest or even a new skill. Basically a good reason to collect them, not just some text to read or history lesson, a reward that is useful.  Games i've already played:  * Saints Row series * GTA series * Skyrim * Fallout NV and 4 * Watchdogs * Assassin's Creed Black Flag * Tomb Raider * Sleeping Dogs  Suggestions are much appreciated :)  EDIT: I'm looking for titles that are available on PC!
[dark souls: prepare to die edition, deus ex: human revolution, batman: arkham asylum , grand theft auto v, xcom: enemy within, spec ops: the line, zombie apocalypse, the walking dead, assassin's creed, shadow of mordor, alien invasion, deep space, bioshock 1, this game, xbox 360, fun play, sci-fi, sci-fi, sci-fi, sci-fi, gta, gta]	I'm a very casual gamer and a college student so I like to keep my gaming related expenses to a minimum. The frugal factor means that I primarily play FTP games (Hearthstone and DOTA2 mainly). However recently I have been craving a fantastic single player experience, unfortunately the $80 that seems to be the going rate for modern triple A titles is a bit out of my current budgetary reach. I was hoping that you could recommend some good games that are now maybe a couple of years old that I can snag for cheap? I have access to an xbox 360 and a fairly decent gaming PC so no playstation exclusive titles although I may be able to borrow one if you feel that a certain game really merits the effort. I tend to be very story driven as a gamer so genre does not matter quite so much, but I really appreciate high production value in games as well.
[path of exile, diablo]	So I play on my laptop, I have decent specs (4gb of ram and an i7) but I only have intel stock graphics. I wanted to play games like ARK and H1Z1, but I have to put the graphic settings so low that it's not even enjoyable to play them. I currently play Skyrim on low to medium settings and it runs well, CSGO on low settings and I get about 15-25 FPS, I play CIV 5 on low settings and it runs well. I'm just trying to find more games to play in my spare time. I like games that are open world, RPG games. I also like games that require you to grind. I also really enjoy games like Minecraft and Terarria where I can build things, kinda like a sandbox game.  Here is a list of my current library, I put a line through the games that I get low frames in, even on low settings http://
[alpha protocol, binary domain, dead island, dying light, dead space]	I'm looking for something to hold me off until The Division releases. Something about it is stirring up an itch that I don't quite know how to scratch.   I have played Splinter Cell, Spec Ops The Line, Sniper Elite, Hitman, Max Payne, Just Cause, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, Batman Arkham, Deus Ex, STALKER, Sleeping Dogs, Metro, Killing Floor, Watch_Dogs, Elder Scrolls, Grand Theft Auto, Fallout, Assassin's Creed, DayZ, H1Z1, Metal Gear Solid, and so on.   I would prefer something realistic, maybe even scifi but I'm down with just about anything that might scratch that Division itch.  I'm only looking for games on the PC, as I am not a big console gamer. However I have played Uncharted and Last of Us.
[dragons dogma, arx fatalis]	After just finishing all the Harry Potter movies, I realized that the franchise has some really cool diverse spells, especially in the earlier movies. Later on they become a little too much "liquid lightbeams" and forcepushes. So I started thinking about games that might have sort of similar mechanics and diversity when it comes to magic, but the only thing I could think of was Skyrim with mods. Most RPGs I have played you get your standard lighting, fire and Ice damage attacks, you AOE and CC spells, and healing spells. But in Skyrim you get conjuring, different sorts of mind controlling and influencing, destruction, potion brewing, etc. But it all feels very much like just a little bit too "Gamey", for example the detect life spell just doesn't feel like magic, but more of highlighting. That's why I am asking you all here, what games do you think nailed the feeling of "real" magic, instead of just lightningbolt shooting and healing.
[ori and the blind forest]	So I started playing Dragons Dogma with the re-release on PC recently and although I love the game-play elements and graphics too, the mostly brown-greyish artstyle has got me craving something vibrant and fresh.   I'm not really that keen on any particular type of gameplay, but mostly just something that feels like an adventure in a vivid, immersive world. Well designed and memorable levels are kind of what I'm looking for. I'll throw down some examples of the kind of games I'm talking about and some reasons why I've really enjoyed them. I'm looking for either PC games or anything I can emulate that will look pretty, not really looking for anything too too dated.  Legend of Zelda: Wind Waker - The visual style and adventure based gameplay makes this one of my favorites of all time.  Paper Mario: Thousand Year Door - Another cheerful adventure with some really memorable environments and locations. The turn based combat isn't my usual favorite but a game this good is easily an exception.  Psychonauts - Another example with super memorable and unique level design. bonus for lots of fun platforming and cool powerups as you progress.  other similar games I've already played: Zelda OOT, MM, TP, Chibi Robo (GC), Banjo Kazooie Nuts and Bolts  Any suggestions would be great.   
[valkyria chronicles, persona 3, undertale]	TL;DR I cannot find another video game as important/influential/compelling to me as Half-Life 2 or Braid. Help?  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  So, this is a slightly re-worked posting from one that I submitted earlier today (an answer to an askreddit question on first world pains) but was intended for what I now realize to be this subreddit. This is only my second posting (aforementioned post was the first), so bear with me.  Half-Life 2, and to a similar degree Braid, have been very influential in my life. This is particularly true in how I view stories told by others and how I approach telling stories on my own. They have even lead me to some of my favorite authors (because of Braid alone, I found Calvino, Borges, and Alan Lightman). I value the story of HL2 every bit as much as the works of Kafka, and Braid every bit as much as the three authors it lead me to. In short, they've become very special works of pop-culture for me and have played through them many times. Without going in to too much further personal detail, these two video games set the bar for single player video games so high [for me], and I now find it difficult to invest myself into other games. Many games have equally great and painful tales to tell (Chrono Trigger, Earthbound, Final Fantasy VI, VII, and Tactics, Tactics Ogre, Infinite Space, etc.), but unfortunately gameplay factors in, as those in which you play as a single character in real-time can foster a greater sense of scrambled urgency, wonder, distress, engagement, heartbreak etc. through your immediate and vicarious connection to your avatar. Having spent much time, energy, and money seeking games out, I own more games than any normal human could unabashedly say out loud (like, actually thousands). Because of this, I have an extensive backlog of games to source from. None are doing the trick for me, though. The Last of Us, The Talos Principle, Dishonored, Metro series, and even Gone Home have somewhat functioned as substitutes in the past few years. But not even them, not quite. I now play less video games as a whole because of this [first world] problem. To a lesser degree, I have a similar problem with fiction books, but this is not the proper subreddit for that. Admittedly, I have yet to finish Twilight Princess (eagerly awaiting re-release, despite owning GCN and Wii versions), Shadow of the Colossus, the Metroid Prime trilogy, Destiny or to do more than merely begin Xenoblade Chronicles, so I could be persuade to attempt to circle back and finish these false starts of mine, if strongly recommended. Upcoming games show some hope, such as The Witness, Horizon Zero Dawn and maybe The Division. Any and all recommendations are welcome.
[dragon's dogma, final fantasy, demon's souls, dark souls 2, bloodborne, this game, this game, this game, turn it, only if]	[disclaimer - not looking for criticism for my style of play - it's how I enjoy games - probably not very popular, but... yeah]  So, I enjoy games that you can stay slightly ahead of the curve.  Let me explain - I find enjoyment from building and bettering my character - both in terms of gear and skills.  I'd like a game where the enemies don't scale - and maybe even respawn.  TBH, I'm not interested in an encounter where I die 15 times and work and retool my strategy juuust right.  I'd rather spend that time leveling up, getting stringer, better gear, etc - then come back and destroy.  Like I said, not everyone's cup of tea.  I guess I'd rather get less xp per kill and not have to come close to death then get double for each harrowing fight.  For example - I enjoyed the old Final Fantasys, I played WoW since vanilla - they were like this - and more recently, I played Fallout 4, Dragon's Age - Inquisition and Assassin's Creed - Syndicate.  All of these games, you have an abundance of discoverables and sidequests that make your toon powerful enough to handle whatever you are looking to take on - and if not - come back a little later when you are a little stronger.  I'm looking for recommendations for PS4 games and to a lesser extent ios games.  Many thanks in advance!
[lol]	Hey guys, I'm a teacher who goes to the gym in the morning and teaches night classes with afternoon office hours. So I'm in the office a lot and Reddit can get boring after a while so I need some good Office Games.  Anything that can be played with the volume off and still be fun.  Something that can be paused at any time  Can run on a Macbook (relatively powerful for an old laptop, can run L4D2 on max settings but stutters a bit with BL2)  Requirement: Can't have anything that would make my students or coworkers think I'm a weirdo (Witcher-esque sex scenes or any shit like that).  Currently my Office games are Civ V and FTL.
[mass effect]	I'm not really sure how to describe it, but I'm looking for a game me and my friend can play (it can be Singleplayer) that isn't too fast paced  shooter games, fast-paced RTS games, driving games etc. Something like puzzle, turn-based, story ( Walking Dead) and top-down RPGs would probably work out fine for us.  Secondly, we're looking for a game that has a good Campaign as well. We already have played Divinity Original Sin (and loved it!)  I greatly appreciate it if anyone could give us some recommendations.
[dark souls]	So I watched [Cry](http:// today for a few minutes before going out and I really liked how the game looks. But I'm not sure if I should really buy it or not. How indept is it, like for example is there a good variety of loot. I know that the story is not the best. Is there multiplayer? And also how does this thing with companions work? I was told that you can customise them like name, looks, etc is that ture? Also if someone is thinking of saying that the witcher is a better game and I should get it instead I gave it a try and it was a fun game when, you know, my gpu was like I guess you can play it today...
[dragon's dogma]	So many choices, but so difficult to choose. I really enjoyed the quests in Witcher 3 and I like a game with good quests, writing, but Dragon Dogma is popular right now and I am wondering about playing that too. It seems it's quests aren't that great but it has very good combat.  Some of the RPG that caught my eye and I saw a positive reception to are: Shadowrun Returns, Bastion, Transistor, Dragon Dogma, Divinity: Original Sin and Pillars of eternity, are some of the names that caught my attention. I am finding it difficult to choose from them since all are highly regarded games.  An issue is that I don't have a big experience with playing games with the perspective of Shadowrun Returns, Divinity Original Sin, and Pillars of eternity in comparison to third person perspective. Unfortunately the negative reaction to Fallout 4 quests, and dialogue system and my own experiences with Skyrim, means I am not interested at it right now. I am also not interested at KOTOR games due to their graphics and age, even though I own both, and I will eventually play them in the future.  I am looking to something newer of the last 5 years, and it doesn't have to be one of the above names, even though they are the games that are currently in my attention.  Here is a list of some of my favorite role playing games:  Deus Ex  Deus Ex HR  Fallout 3  Witcher 3  Witcher 2  Oblivion  Dragon Age Origin  Dragon Quest V  Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines.  Fire Emblem Path of Radiance  Dark Souls    Edit: Why are people downvoting?!  
[just cause 3]	A while back whenever I was feeling like shit or trying to deal with some anger (I've got serious problems with fury) I would play some of my favorite music through my xbox and boot up Halo 3, Assassin's Creed 2, or Armored Core For Answer and just play some offline.  These games were very helpful to me for their fast paced gameplay and minimal/skippable story content.  Feeling like a badass near constantly while still being challenged was calming.  Lately I find myself needing this type of chill time again but I can't really think of game that would be good for it so I come here to ask for a game that might work for me.  I'd prefer it to be on PS4 but anything I can run on a mid-level pc would be alright as well. Thanks in advance!
[star wars galaxies]	Are there any MMORPG's where you can play as a merchant? I'd preferably like the game to also involve fighting, but if the game is purely economic based that would be fine too. Fantasy / medieval genre preferably.  A decent example would be Runescape back in the day. The game largely revolved around fighting, but there were many who solely worked the merchant professions, mining, blacksmithing, woodcutting etc. And the game could be played this way, unlike say World of Warcraft where the game almost solely revolved around fighting.  Are there any other MMORPG's similar to the Runescape model? Preferably with a slightly bigger emphasis on the economy.
[heroes of might and magic 3, singstar, portal 2, catan]	So recently, a friend came to me, and asked to play some games. We tried a lot of things, and found out that I am significantly more experienced with video games than they are, so anything based on ability or skill will always result in a win on my part. Believe it or not, that isn't particularly fun.  So I've been looking for either co-op or competitive games that are largely chance-based, or don't prioritize skill over everything.   Games we've enjoyed thus far have been Fortune Street, Pokemon Puzzle League, Battleblock Theatre, the minigame in Mortal Kombat Deception that's like Tetris, and I think that's about it. Some things that weren't bad were games like Wii Play, Wii Party, Wii Sports, all that motion-controlled garbage, but ideally, I'd prefer something like the first four examples, where dexterity isn't the driving factor but there's a casual strategy one can apply.  We did try Mario Party, but since the minigames are based mostly on dexterity or skill, I won everything and received many a sour look. We also tried LittleBigPlanet. Ugh. She mostly plays The Sims, and Cities: Skylines, which are historically single-player and it makes it hard to find games.  As for systems, I have pretty much everything. The only modern devices I don't own are Vita, all of the XBoxs, and mobile. I own, or can access, pretty much everything else.   I'd prefer PC/PS1/2/3/SNES/N64/Wii/Wii U/Gamecube, as I only have one PS4 controller, and playing handheld games doesn't have that 'couch co-op' feel to it, but I'm so dry for ideas, I will take pretty much any suggestion.
[the witcher 2, just cause 2, metro 2033, crysis 2]	Finally got a new graphics card and I want to play the best looking game I can. Of course, I just spent almost $200 bucks on a card so what I have is what I'll play. Luckily I've spent a bit of money over the years during steam sales and humble bundles.   I'm open to modding, I've done a little bit of that with The Witcher but since I didn't have a very good card I didn't do any texture packs.   So, if any is interested in helping me out my library is here: http://;sort=name
[dwarf fortress]	I am really in love with sandbox building games where I can make pretty much whatever I want, I love games like Minecraft and it's ilk but often feel like I build this big huge empty castle or town devoid of life, where even if there are NPCs they require little attention or have very basic needs (access to food/water/shelter) and not much individuality. I recall playing Dark Cloud on PS2 and when you rebuilt each town each NPC had specific requests not only for what was in their house but where and how their house was placed, things like what direction the sun shines in the window in the morning, or how close they were to a merchant or river.  Other games I've played that I like but don't quite scratch the itch:  Gnomoria (Great but very bland NPCs), Banished (very simplified needs, no individuality), Terraria (love building each NPC their own house but they require no real care), Don't Starve (Very little NPC interactions)  So if anyone can recommend something? I'd prefer something on PC if at all possible and less combat oriented, either peaceful, turn-based, or with difficulty settings, I just don't want the focus to be all fast paced fighting and whatnot.  I'm open to the genre though, it can be 3D First Person, Top Down, Side Scroller, RPG, Strategy, Sim, Roguelike, really anything is fine as long as it has some aspect of building and managing NPCs  EDIT: I'm also aware of Dwarf Fortress, but haven't been able to really get pulled into it yet.
[arcania]	I'm in a mood for some open world adventuring in a fantasy world, an Action RPG where exploring the world can lead to finding tons and tons of points of interests - towns, dungeons, caves, bandit camps, abandoned buildings etc. However I don't feel like reinstalling Oblivion/Skyrim and then fiddle around for 8 hours installing bajillion mods in order to make the non-exploration part of the experience better than barely mediocre.  I tried playing Dragon's Dogma to scratch that itch, but it turns out exploration and questing are two things this game does the worst, so I'm looking for something different. Any suggestions?  My specs:  * AMD Athlon II X4  * 4GB RAM * AMD Radeon HD 7770 1GB * Win7 x64
[civil war]	Often in games the player character is solo'ing enemies the whole game. Are there any games where I can fight as a part of a much larger army, on large battlefields? For some additional context:   * I really enjoyed the Legion/Stormcloak quests in Skyrim where you either defend or attack Whiterun.   * Similarly, I enjoyed the quest in Oblivion where you are part of the army defending against the army coming out of the Oblivion gates.   Unfortunately, both of these cases felt a little too small - I'm looking for something massive, where there are thousands of soldiers fighting all around you. I'd prefer hand-to-hand combat to guns, but I'm open to any suggestions. I'm looking specifically for games where you play as a single person in a much larger group- not like RTS style games or anything like that.  I also would prefer to get this feeling as part of a single player experience, not multiplayer, but once again, I'm open to any suggestions. I have a gaming PC, a PS4, and a Wii U.
[drakensang, drakensang, two worlds]	I've been becoming increasingly dissatisfied with the lack of depth in newer RPGs and so I've lately been playing a lot of older games. Problem is, while they're great games, I've already played them before and it gets stale to play the same quests you've already done over again. So what I'm looking for is a more classic style RPG, something like either morrowind or baulders gate, with an immersive world and lots of customization. Something I can dump a few hundred hours into. Any help is greatly appreciated.
[back to nature]	I am in the mood to play harvest moon and I was about throw on Harvest Moon 64 because it is has been my favorite since I was a kid.  I think I would prefer a mobile version of HM. I realize I haven't played a HM game in a long time and wanted to know if there was something that could beat it.  I would like recommendations on the better mobile HM games.  - Things to do - Events - Social (lots o'f characters, I love how in HM64 almost every character could be talked to and helped)  My only requirement is that it only be only be on GB, GBA or PSP (don't have a DS)
[minecraft]	well, I'm sure that my request may look  it is. Still, I like playing relax, chatting, coop-ing, sharing and exploration. It doesn't mean a game without combat, but that the focus shouldn't be leaderboards, top raid, top gear, top something else. just playing, with the other around, together in party or random interactions, in some way you like to do it as endgame.  it resembles a sandbox mmo, in fact the only game I felt "at home" was UO (pve only shard)...  I really feel alone playing single play  they end so soon, even if coop/ couch coop. And don t like the idea of grinding  what?  (like a metaphor of life, running   It's YEARS I'm begging for the answer. maybe I'm just a fool, but give me your suggestions..
[euro truck simulator 2]	Hey folks!  I like games, and I like audiobooks. Often you can't enjoy those two thigns at the same time (like when playing a story based game, or when on the bus), but sometimes you can.  In the past I've generally played either Elite: Dangerous or Dark Souls while listening to audiobooks, they both worked well because they used different parts of my brain than the audiobooks. Games like KOTOR don't work because it's main appeal is the story and dialogue, and it's tough to listen to two stories at the same time.  I've kind of burned out on E:D and Dark Souls lately, and I'm looking for another game to play. It just has to be fairly slow paced, and relaxed, gind-y is fine (but if I grind I like it to be multiplayer). It must also work with a Steam controller.
[bioshock, bioshock]	I wasn't a fan of MGSV for the most part - a friend was letting me try it out, but I am just not really into stealth shooters. The introduction was fantastic though! It was one of the first games that made me feel like I was playing a movie.   I'm looking for a similarly styled game on xbox one, PS3, or PC. The fantasy based fire-guy was definitely a bonus, but I liked the craziness of it, not necessarily the horror story.   What I'm looking for: Games with a fantasy element that play like a movie.   What I'm not looking for: Horror games or stealth shooters.  Thanks for any help!
[poker night at the inventory, slot machine, card games]	One of my favorite things to do in RPGs is find the casino/arena and gamble grind. While I generally don't like the potential rewards to be game-breakingly good, skipping an equipment tier or two or getting unique accessories is fun. Looking for both fun rewards and fun in the casino itself, since they do tend to get stale and repetitive quickly. Any console/any generation, though most of the ones I can name are ps2 or older, so newer recommendations are especially welcome. Ideally, I'd like the rest of the game to be fun too, but I won't turn down recommendations for shitty games with awesome casinos.
[know how]	My wife and I have enjoyed playing the Lego games together - particularly the newer ones like Lego Marvel and Lego Lord of the Rings where there is an open world with activities to complete other than the main missions.   We have a PS4, Wii U, and our gaming PC is hooked up to our TV and we use XBox 360 controllers to play together.  Are there any other good open world games we could play together that can be played in couch co-op mode? My wife hates most first-person perspective games so things like Borderlands are out. Essentially what I'm looking for is like a Just Cause or Assassin's Creed type game that can be played couch co-op style.
[high speed]	Hello everyone,  I am looking for a game where I can really show my skills and if I lose I know that it was because of my mistakes. StarCraft 2 came to my mind but I don't know, I didn't get the most kick out of it while in Wings of Liberty / Hearth of the Swarm.  I also played LoL / HotS for a long time but the solo queue experience is horrendous. I also am playing Hearthstone but the ladder is unbalanced and I don't like the idea of RNG, especially when opponents have all the cards and I don't for the reason that I have not grinded for countless or hours or just bought all the card packs.  Any game suggestions are welcomed.
[sid meier's pirates!, xcom: enemy unknown, ace patrol, civ3]	I love the top down or isometric feel. I adore games like that. I even played the original Dragon age almost like a game of D&amp;D (that is to say top down). I want to play games like this, but I have very little free time, an 80 hour game would take me several months to finish, but that's ok, as long as I can get enough enjoyment from a 2 hour play session.  Thing is, there are a few games like this: Path of Exile, Pillars of Eternity, Wasteland 2, and I'm sure there are others. But I don't like those games: Path of Exile's interface is - ok - but the map (tab) is so excruciently hard to look at that I refuse to give that game the time of day, as for the other two, the interface is clunky, the gamplay is slow and dense and I just don't feel like I get much from my 2 hours.  Is there a top down game that's more streamlined without being too dumbed down?
[grandia]	Hi all, I'm looking for a suggestion for a PC based JRPG I might enjoy. I've been looking at Valkyria Chronicles but the WW2 elements (boo, no magic) and 3rd person combat put me off.   Ideally I'd like something party / turned based or tactical / turn based, examples of JRPG's I've played and enjoyed include: Final Fantasy (VII, VIII, X), Fire Emblem Awakening, Dragon Quest VIII, Final Fantasy Tactics, Pokemon (all).  Thank you for your suggestions.  Edit: I should add, whilst I have played and enjoyed games like Dark Souls, Dragons Dogma etc, I'm looking for something turn based (or close to it like Final Fantasy VII)
[darkest dungeon]	Hey all. So recently my dad's been going through Hepatitis C treatment(don't worry, nothing too bad or life-threatening), and unfortunately some side effects of the medicaiton he is experiencing currently are not pleasant to say the least. He is experiencing pain in different parts of his body, fatigue, can't sleep well, his reflexes are worsened, etc. Why am I telling you all this? Well, that is because right now, in my opinion, he really needs something do distract himself from what is going on right now. And what better way to do it than games? So I need your advice. It's really hard for me to pick a game that would suit him in his condition, and I really need external help.   He usually enjoys fantasy-themed single-player games, either 1st or 3rd person. The games need to not be very demanding(his PC has a core 2 duo and a gtx460 with winxp and 3 gigs of ram iirc, it was powerful in 2007) and not very hard/complex, as my dad's reaction times and reflexes are slowed down because of the medication, and it is painful to perform certain actions. He does enjoy a challenge though, so not something too easy. Also my dad is really bad at figuring things out in games, so no overly complex puzzles.  So yeah, please help, I really wanna help my dad out!  EDIT: Thanks a lot for the responses, I'm sure I'll find a game my dad can play and enjoy now!
[assassin's creed]	I recently saw those 4k screenshots of *Lawerence of Arabia*. I started watching the movie and I loved the desert scenes and palaces and buildings.  Not a shitty COD environment of modern day Baghdad or something.   Palm trees, temples, buildings that aren't destroyed, etc.  One example I have. In Insurgency, there is this map called Ministry, and it looks amazing. It takes place in Iraq, but it isn't destroyed like COD or CSGO. It's actually a beautiful building.   I might check out a Prince of Persia game or something as well.  EDIT: Also, there can be violence, but no focus on modern day war. When you play Dust II in CSGO, you see hummers and jeeps. In Dust I, same thing. You see construction, broken walls, jeeps, etc.
[star wars: empire at war]	I want a game with capital ships that take "realistic" damage. I want to be able to blow holes in them, destroy their weapons individually, etc. I want to be able to see a ship on fire and reduced in effectiveness, but still in the fight. Something where it's more based around blasting pieces off the target rather than just reducing a health bar to zero for ["critical hit point failure"](http:// Bonus point if the ship doesn't have general hit points at all.  Preferably in space, but that's not critical. Can be any genre but RTS or flight sim seem like the best candidates.  Does such a thing even exist?
[life is strange]	Hey guys, I am looking for a game like Life Is Strange, a high school life setting with some action story rich drama, any recommendations? I would prefer it to have a nice soundtrack, similar to the game Life Is Strange, it is because I am so amaze about the idea of a high school life setting without an elements of fantasy and almost close to being realistic to the fact Max has powers but I will let that one slide. So what I am looking for is a game that has a high school life setting with story rich drama and action.
[red dead redemption, the last of us, tomb raider , to the moon]	Hey y'all,  I've missed the last 5 years worth of games. I quit WoW cold turkey my junior year of high school and only really played SC2 and League of Legends with my friends (and even then, I've tapered off). Now that I have graduated college and have more free time, I am wondering what is the best way to go about catching up?  The last game I remember playing was Uncharted 2: Among Thieves and I loved it. A friend of mine played Journey and This War of Mine and determined she really likes games that were made for more than the purpose of "gameplay".   People suggested To The Moon to her and Brothers: A Legacy of Two Sons.  Can y'all help me out and suggest games like Uncharted 2 and Journey to me? She has also played Flower.  My apologies if this is in the wrong subreddit.
[elite: dangerous]	I was on the gifs subreddit and saw this amazing quadcopter clip: http:// looking at it, I realized I desperately wanted a video game that could give me that kind of flight experience; flying in first person on a planet with dangerous landscapes, full flight control and the ability to sharply bank, loop, drop, spin, and navigate terrain.  Honestly I don't even think I'd need a game like that to have a goal, or even enemies; just having tight controls and being able to fly around deftly dodging things, soaring through cities or canyons, it'd be the best!
[rocket league, xbox]	I have feeling i'd really enjoy some of the less serious racing games that are out there.  I always enjoy the racing segments in GTA games. I used to be quite a fan of isometric view racers (way back in the Amiga days).  Maybe i'm not after suggestions that go quite as far as Mario Kart in terms of detachment from reality. Semi-realistic but fun-focussed is what i'm feeling.  I'm not exactly sure which characteristics of these games I prefer over the more serious games -  perhaps high speeds, powerslides, bumping other cars, etc.  Does anyone have any good suggestions of games of this ilk?  edit: I reckon I can make an exception for serious games if it's a rally or off-road game which has a racing mode,  where you're racing against other cars on the track. 
[gta, gta]	i am going to buy my very first pc game after my exam on april. i like open world shooting game but i am struggling to choose among the division and ghost recon wildlands. rainbow six seige looks good too but it is not open world right? gta5 will not be considered as i will wait until gta6 release. do you have any other suggestions?   by the way, i will buy the rise of tomb raider too. my dad is a big fan of diablo but i am not interested in it.  Thank you so much.  for reference: CPU: Intel i5 3400  graphic card: AMD Radeon 5700 RAM: 8GB
[dark souls]	I'm looking for any game that gives a good sense of long-term progression. It can be a game that can be beaten in 15-20 hours, or it can be an endless MMORPG, it doesn't really matter.  I usually game on a PC/XBO/WiiU/3DS, but I'm preferring my PC and 3DS right now.  **End-note: It doesn't need to be an RPG**  Look at it this way, there's more to progression than hitting people with bigger numbers than before. For instance, on the 3DS the games that have given me the greatest sense of progression were Animal Crossing New Leaf and the free streetpass games (find-mii/puzzle-swap). This shows that even non-violent games can give an excellent long-term feeling to their players. (I'm not opposed to violence, I'm just trying to encourage outside thinking)
[guild wars 2]	Hi, I am bored and have a lot of free time. I would like to get into an mmorpg. I want a game I can really get addicted to, play a lot, and have a lot of fun with. I love cool graphics, but it doesn't have to look spectacular. I like a lot of the classic rpg elements, so the game doesn't have to be fresh as long as it is fun. By classic rpg elements I mean random drops, experience, skills, money, cool level up system. I would probably like WoW, and if this is unfruitful I'll check it out. Thanks! I can get way more specific if you would like to know more. Also please have experience before you comment.
[rocket league]	She says she'd like to try some games, so now I'm looking for something that would be nice as an introduction to pc gaming.  She's 23 and has never really played any pc games at all. I've tested her mouse + keyboard skills, and well, they are as you'd expect. Anything fast would probably not be a good idea, since she has zero feeling for how fast she has to move the mouse in order to look around in some action game for example.  I've shown her portal 2 and she seemed to like it, and it was also fine controller wise.  She's more of a typical girl, so I'd guess something with more story and less mindless killing would be a good idea. We've played witcher 3 together (I played and she got to choose the dialogue options) and she really digged the story, so it would be nice if there was some sort of game that would encourage communication between us (I'm sitting right next to her).  Any ideas that come to mind? I've just noticed ori and the blind forest, would that be something that could work? Thank you!  Edit: She loves cities skylines.
[the jackbox party pack]	Hi! i'm looking for fun games for a party, for people of age 30+, some gamers and some not. The kind of games that are really easy to pick up and play, and are more immediatly fun than technical.  In emulators we'll be limited to N64 at most since Dolphin doesn't run flawlessely enough on our machines.  Here's the current selection:  * Clusterpuck 99 * Gang Beasts * Mario Kart 64 (N64) * Nidhogg * Speedrunners * Sportsfriends * Super Bomberman (SNES) * Street Fighter Zero 2 Alpha (WinKawaks) * Super Smash Bros. (N64) * and a single screen arena fighter, either "Duck Game" or "Towerfall" or "Samurai Gunn"   Do you think of any obvious games that we have missed here? Thanks!
[bravely default]	I'm looking for more traditional JRPGs, preferably made relatively recently, with interesting combat and/or character advancement systems. I have every Sony platform, a 3DS and a Wii U.  I just miss having a party of different characters traversing across an interesting world, leveling up and equipping new gear and spells. Are there many games of this ilk still being made?  I'd like to stay away from AI-controlled party members (unless you can make a case for it in a particular game), and so far I haven't been really won over by alchemy or monster-collecting systems (but again, if there's a reason you think a certain game does it well I'm all ears!).  There are plenty of older games in the genre I know I need to play, but the idea that more traditional structures of JRPGs are fading out is a bummer, and I'd love to discover some newer examples in the genre. Any suggestions or questions to help inform such suggestions are welcome! Thanks!
[action games]	I've recently started getting into horror movies, and I'm finding that I love the campy stuff. There's just something about the cheesy effects, bad acting, dated clothing and hairstyles, and shallow characters that I find entirely entertaining, and even comforting in a weird way. I didn't play many PC games as a kid, so I'm looking for suggestions on campy interactive movies from the '90s. I'd be into fantasy, mystery, sci-fi, it doesn't have to be horror. It doesn't even have to be good! As long as it's live-action and at least a little bit goofy. :)
[this war of mine]	As an example, I would think of a game where the player is a lowly peasant living with numerous other (NPC or otherwise) villagers trying to eke out a living, while events such as wars and famine and economic downfalls affect the ways the player can interact with the world.    Suppose you are caught in the draft and must fight in a war against a neighboring country; a famine occurrs and crops wither and die more often and you must find ways to conserve or accumulate food; and harsher Winters isolate you and your village from the rest of civilization for a time.  Basically you won't be slaying dragons and bandits and saving princesses anytime soon, you'll just be an average schmuck trying to survive.  Some games I've played that inspired this:  * Morrowind * Unreal World * Dwarf Fortress  Edit: Does not have to be medieval fantasy setting, was just an example.
[factorio]	I just went through a Dwarf Fortress binge that lasted 2 weeks after the latest update, and I think I need some time before I play it again. But everything else seems kind of bland right now, and to make things worse I had an idea for game I would like to play but I'm sure nothing like it exists.  Sooo.... I'm not exactly sure what I'm asking for, to be honest. Can you suggest me some games that are comparable to DF either in detail, possibilities or amount of work that went into it? I don't really enjoy those roguelikes where you go down floors in a dungeon, not enough freedom, the goal is too clear cut.  I know about Liberal Crime Squad, I played Rimworld (which was nice but still somehow lacking depth), I played all kinds of obscure simulators with AI interaction, I tried Nethack (which wasn't really my thing).  I think the best way to communicate to you what I'm looking for is simply to post my idea, if that's okay. I wish I had something that comes close to [this idea](https:// in complexity or mechanics.
[world of illusion starring mickey mouse and donald duck]	 and my little daughter.  We just beat Mickeys Castle of Illusion and it was a blast for both of us. Problem is she just turns 3 next month. :)  Castle of Illusion can be played with keyboard and gamepad simultaniously which helped a lot. She was in charge of jumping and i was moving (and Jump assisiting).  http://  Are there any Jump and runs that are not too hard and very lighthearted without violence or very graphic bestiary?  Please don't comment how she probably shouldn't be gaming at all at that age, it's too late. Shes a gamer  very short sessions and besides reading, painting etc...)  Hope you guys have some suggestions!
[yakuza]	I play PC, PS4 and 3DS. I don't usually play a lot of japanese games except for Nintendo's Mario and the non-anime stuff, but I have previously gotten into both Fire Emblem and Ace Attorney as well as a fun little franchise called Lost In Blue and Catherine on PS3.  I would like to know though, if there's any must-play japanese games aside from those I mentioned I should play. And I don't mean stuff like Dark Souls, but something that really does feel Japanese and even anime stuff. There's usually some diamonds in the rough but I tend to judge a book by its cover when it comes to Anime, so I'd like to hear some of your suggestions.
[out there, arma iii, ev nova]	Personally, I loved Warband and alot of Paradox games in general. I had the feeling that I was really in charge of something, and watching my little band of five peasants led by a poor hunter grow into a well-trained army of hundreds was one of my favorite gaming experiences. However, I couldn't help but feel it would be alot more fun if the game was centered around like a modern mercenary group. Almost like the Diamond Dogs in Metal Gear Solid V, but with a bit more freedom and customization. Anyone know of a game like this, in a modern or maybe science fiction setting?
[dragon age inquisition]	I dislike being told what to do constantly in games. I don't want to be simply herded from room to room, or constantly told to get back to the storyline (*Halo*.) On the other hand, I get bored with completely open-world games with no clearly defined goals (*Minecraft*.)  My favorite games strike a balance between ultimate goals and freedom:  * *FTL: Faster Than Light* - Kill the end boss, but use any ship or weapons  * *Kerbal Space Program* - Land on this planet, but make your own ship to get there  * *Roller Coaster Tycoon* - Fulfill X goals, but do it however you want  * *Nethack* - Retrieve the amulet, but do whatever blah blah blah  What are some other games like this? Difficult games or steep learning curves are fine. Replayability is good, procedural generation is a huge plus.  Favorite genres:  * Roguelikes * Simulators * "Management" type games * RPG-Adventure * Building-centric games
[cave story, undertale]	Okay so I have $40 on steam and I'm looking for some games like Undertale. I plan on playing this with my sister (single player is fine/preferred, we just take turns) so I'm looking for something that has a really good story to it, something where you get attached to all of the characters and get all emotional at times/the end. Difficulty isn't too important (challenging is great though! My sister is a gamer as well so that's not a problem).  Another game that we also really loved was To The Moon if that helps :)  Edit: Thanks for all the suggestions guys! I will take a look at them all with my sister :)
[shadow of the colossus, the last of us, mass effect 2, dark souls, this game, this game]	**Format:**  **[#]. [Game title], ((Style/Genre &amp; Tags)), [Platform]**   -------   **Terminology for consistency:**   * Single-Player = *SP*   * Multiplayer = *MP*  * Local Online = *Lan*   --------   1. Mass Effect Trilogy, (SP, ARPG)[PC, XB360, PS3]  2. Star Wars: Jedi Knight - Jedi Academy, (MP - Lan, Third Person Action)[PC]  3. Half-Life 2, (SP, FPS Action) [PC, Multiplat]  4. The Witcher 2, (SP, ARPG, Choice/Consequence) [PC, XB360]  5. The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, (SP, Action/Adventure) [N64, 3DS, GC, Wii, Wii U]
[little things, dark souls, gothic 2]	I'm looking for something that's like Gothic and Risen in terms of roleplaying and worldbuilding. A fantasy RPG where you're a nobody and the world is downright hostile towards you - lots of dangerous creatures, NPCs you can't trust, and treating people according to their social status (with the lowest groups being treated like shit). A game where you really have to work your way and scrape along to get anywhere and where finally getting to join a privileged group feels extremely satisfying.   Is there something like it apart from Piranha Bytes' games? I know there's Dark Souls, but let's face it - it's not a real RPG, but more of an action game.
[minecraft, runescape]	So I've been trying to find a game that is entirely based around crafting/blacksmithing, one in an open world where you go around gathering resources, creating armor, weapons and the like then selling them for various prices that you could haggle over for a better profit. I would want the crafting system to be super complex and creative with mini games that when you preform excellent on you make better quality items. One where you could actually design your own pieces later on. Maybe I'm the only one who wants a game like this, let me know if you know a game similar or if you also want a game like this.
[diablo iii, payday 2, gta v]	I'm looking for a game to play with 4 of my friends online on the PC. We started playing Warframe not too long ago, but with 5 people, one of us usually gets left out. We have played quite a few other games already: CS:GO, League of Legends, SWTOR, Borderlands 2, Team Fortress 2, Left 4 Dead 2, GMod, Don't Starve, Minecraft, Diablo 2, Tera, Civ 5, Torchlight 2, and both Killing Floors. The game needs to be cooperative with the 5 of us on one team or side. It can be PVP, PVE, or both; it doesn't matter if it is free to play, subscription, or buy to play (free to play is preferred though). The genre isn't too important as long as it is fun, has action, and isn't a MOBA. Any suggestions are appreciated.
[metal gear rising: revengeance, the witcher, ikaruga, mgs]	Seems like every year games get easier, and nothing is even remotely as challenging as games that came out before 2010.    I just got done playing dragon dogma, I got bored as it got easier, and when I ask for advice people tell me to gimp myself.   I'm really tired of handicapping myself (playing rpgs naked, not using potions.)  and trying to speedrun.    I just can't immerse myself in a game that lets me trivialize it by using common sense.   I mean I'm whining but it's to show you how much I want a challenging game.  Seems like the only games left are the puzzle ones/roguelikes and other games that screw you with RNG.   Looking for a suggestion, I'm waiting on xcom 2 so hopefully that does it.
[rimworld]	I don't necessarily care what genre as long as it's turn-based or real-time with pause, though I'll make an exception if it's an ungodly good game.  Some thoughts on options:  + Stardew Valley is a game I've been wanting for years and the release date trailer hasn't yet diminished that. + XCOM 2 is an obvious choice. I'm waiting until a price drop.  - I want to play Cities: Skyline in theory, however a lot of reviews note a lack of challenge and the absence of disasters really turns me off. - Prison Architect's lag once you build larger and larger prisons turns me off. - I want to like Civilization V, my big problem with it is the diplomacy. - On the flip side, Europa Universalis IV is a tad too ... complex. 
[this game, roguelike, roguelike, mad max]	I like FTL a lot, especially with that mod that gets rid of the armada chasing you and let's you free roam, but there's too much rng and no saving. Well the rng isn't terrible, it just doesn't scale well, so an hour into a game I spend all this time getting my ship the way I want and boom I run into something g that I have no chance of defeating or escaping. I'm looking for something that takes a long time to get to the "I've got all the upgrades and I'm too powerful to have fun with this" stage. It doesn't necessarily have to be space ships, either. Pirate ships are cool and I would actually prefer high fantasy airships. I only have my laptop so I can't play anything with extraordinary graphics. The pixel art in FTL is a big plus    Thanks!
[dark souls]	I absolutely loved Dark Souls 1. It was one of the most enjoyable games I've ever played, particularly because the combat is so good. I particularly liked how much control you had over your character - there were multiple types of attacks, and you could main-hand, off-hand, or two-hand weapons and get different attacks. Each weapon had its own set of attack animations. You could play quick and light, or slow and heavy, ranged or close, etc.   However, in attempting to play Dark Souls 2 and Bloodborne, I've discovered that my life has changed, and it's hard to find the time to play games like these. My gaming time is now much more limited, and it's difficult to feel like I'm making progress in the time I have to play. To further complicate this, I don't really feel like I can save and quit when I need to (for example, if I have to take care of the baby or something), and *you can't even pause in single-player*.  So basically what I'm looking for is a game with Dark Souls-like combat and weapon variety(preferably with medievalesque weapons, like Dark Souls), but with faster paced progress and the ability to pause as well as save and quit whenever I need.  Does such a thing exist?  EDIT: I've just heard of Dragon's  that game fit this description? It's hard to tell from videos how in-depth the combat really is
[gta iv]	I find myself getting really engrossed in games that deal with these issues in the story line, some examples of games I've enjoyed that have this:  * The Witcher series with the idea of injustice among different magical races and the poor.  * Bioshock where we see conflict between the different social classes and some hints of racism and I think even Mass Effect had the same idea.  * Papers Please revolves around a social issue although it doesn't really have a story line, still very enjoyable!  I feel like these ideas are pretty common nowadays in RPG games but I find them a little forced or disconnected from the story. Anyway if you have any similar suggestions for the PC please let me know! Thank you!
[legend of grimrock, planescape torment, sunless sea, dark souls]	This was a random thought that occurred to me - so many protagonists are "the chosen one," by gods or fate, but... It's rare that they're just trying to fight a curse that's going to kill or hurt them/people they care about. Be it from a cursed blade (I believe one of the halves of "Muramasa: the Demon Blade/Muramasa Rebirth" followed this?) or just pissing off the wrong powerful being, I want to have something to fight for beyond the typical "save the world/universe." I know that the Digital Devil Saga games had this to an extent. Platforms are just about anything, really.
[need for speed: hot pursuit, supercars]	When I was a kid I absolutely loved racing on many different tracks, usually put outside cities, in games like NFS:HS or NFS:PU.   However, now I'm a 27 year old casual gamer (I literally play video games once a week for an hour maybe) and I can't stand all those Fast&amp;Furious-style NFS games that seem to always take place in a huge city at night. Can you guys recommend me a game (arcade, I'm not really into racing simulators) that would look more like [this](https:// It doesn't have to be very recent, I have an Intel HD515 video card so...
[duck game, game!]	Me and my mates are looking for a multiplayer game. The type of game is not that important, it just has to be fun.  We have this games that we play everyday: - CS - H1Z1 - FIFA - The Forest - Rocket League - Arma 3 - Insurgency - BF3 &amp; BF4  But we get bored time to time. We DONT like games like: - WOW - LOL - Minecraft  I was thinking something like medieval wars with swords were we could be a part of a war with thousands of soldiers like Atila but controlling one soldier.  Just have your say we will check every suggestion
[splinter cell, chaos theory]	So in the past year or so, I have discovered I must be creepy because I absolutely love stealth games.  Games I have played:   - All the Assassin's Creed games  - All the Batman Arkham Games  - All the Dark Brotherhood and Thieves' Guild storylines of the Elder Scrolls Games  - Fallout 4  - Mark of the Ninja  - Far Cry 4  - Alien: Isolation  - Dishonored  I've found that I prefer stealth games where you are the hunter, not the hunted -  Mark of the Ninja good, Alien:Isolation/Amnesia The Dark Descent bad.  I have a gaming PC, a PS4, and a Wii U.  Any other games like this? 
[hong kong, shadowrun]	Hi. I'm looking for a new game(s) to play on a low-mid range laptop. I don't really know how to describe what I want, so here's some examples of games I've loved, all of which I can run on decent settings:  * Divinity: Original Sin * Pillars of Eternity * Dragon Age: Origins * Mass Effect (1 and 2) * Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic (1 and 2) * Starcraft (1 and 2) * Divinity 2 * Blackguards (1 and 2) * XCOM * King's Bounty * Dark Souls (1 and 2) * Diablo 3  I also really liked the Witcher, Tomb Raider, Elder Scrolls, Borderlands, Fallout, Bioshock and Metal Gear Solid games (but I can't run these well). For some reason, I can't seem to get into "old school RPGs" such as Baldur's Gate.  And suggestions will be appreciated :) Thanks!
[always sometimes monsters, undertale, undertale]	It's complicated for me to find a new thing to play since the games I like are few and far between. The few things they seem to have in common are a rich story, moral choices and often the possibility to play as a gay character, I guess I like to identify with the people in the game. Strategy games (especially the god-like ones) are also something I like to play.  Examples of things I enjoyed are 80 Days, A Dark Room, This War of Mine, Mini Metro, Papers Please and Always Sometimes Monsters, which has to be my favorite game of all time.  Do you know any games that are similar to these?
[dwarf fortress, run away, give up, soe, soe, soe]	Let me start off, I know pretty much the devs are the biggest assholes ever. They essentialy scammed us. They made the game PW2, promised F2P but lied, more focused on mney than the game itself. Atleast that is from what Ive heard from articles and people. Now 3 of my friends are saying that I should buy it becuase it would be fun playing together. The one thing that is holding me back is of how shitty the devs are, and I for one am worried that they are jsut going to maek a cash grab. So if you guys were in my positon, would you buy it?
[alan wake]	I recently played Bioshock: Infinite, one of the first first-person shooter games I've actually bought and played myself. I absolutely *loved* the story, the characters and the atmosphere, but what I wasn't a very big fan of was the fighting.   I don't mind the occasional fighting in games, but I get kind of put off when I have to shoot down 20, 30 or 40 identical enemies coming at me one after another.   So I was wondering if you guys have any recommendations for similar games, but with less fighting. That is, a first- or third-person game with lots of story and dialogue, with minimal fighting, or at least not the kind of fighting where you have to kill waves of identical enemies. 
[startopia, startopia, startopia]	Title says it all.  Basically these are features I want:  - A single, persistent space station that you have to run and maintain  - Diplomatic/Political relations with other species and factions  - Random events that change things and threats you have to deal with  - Different people on the station that want different things (religious rooms to accommodate them, special foods and so on)  - Management down to a lower level (like the guards and stuff in Prison Architecht)  - Not as insanely complicated as Prison Architecht. What turned me off that game was all the things that had to be in exact spots and the stuff like water running. I'm a lot more interested in the people stuff and management than I am the technical details and detailed building.  - Preferably a top-down view. That's how I like to manage things.
[mighty knight, in between, only if]	So I'm getting deployed for a non-combat deployment. Not getting shot at this time but will have tons of free time to burn. Note that internet access will be sketchy. I just bought a gaming laptop with the following specs:  Processor: Intel Core i7 6700K   (Quad Core)  Memory: 32GB DDR4 2133MHz  Storage Drive 1: SSD - 500GB Samsung 850 EVO  Storage Drive 2: Hard Disk - 1TB 7200RPM (SATA 3Gb/s)  Graphics Card(s): NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 8GB  I've been stocking up games on Steam to play. So far have Skyrim, Cities Skylines, TW: Rome II, XCOM EU/EW (Long War), Witcher III, Fallout 4, Banished and Crusader Kings II.   Any great time-sink games I should look into?
[the walking dead, the last of us]	I recently came to the realization as a gamer that I enjoy games that suck me in immediately into the world and have a linear path towards the ending. I struggle to finish long, drawn-out games that have too many side-quests due to my busy schedule, so I **enjoy games that I can pick up for a maximum of 2 hours every other day and feel I make some progression each time. Character development and character upgrades are a +.** This is also a reason why rogue-likes have become dull to me recently, as perma-death and starting over feels as if I haven't made any progression.  Games I have very much enjoyed:  * Final Fantasy 13. A deviation from other final fantasies that gets a lot of flak for it's linearity, I absolutely loved it. * Tomb Raider * Assassin's Creed I and II * Bioshock Infinite * Bastion * Life is Strange * Portal 1/2 * Mass Effect Trilogy. An open-world game that I did enjoy. Great atmosphere and world building. Squad loyalty missions that may seem very "side-quest," but contributed a lot to the story and gameplay, which I didn't mind. 
[dungeon crawl, nethack]	I need something I can play with while on the go, I spend a lot of time sitting somewhere with my laptop, which is a very sad piece of technology. ( ghz processor, 2 gb ram).   I mean practically any game helps, dungeon crawlers are just what I've been crawing lately and what I've found works with a trackpad, with sound on only about half the time and for interrupted gameplay.   Lately I got very excited about renowned explorers, and darkest dungeon, both of which simply told me "Nope, not even gonna try to run".   I've played Dungeons of Dredmor and FTL as for games that count and I can run, which were perfect. Something like Terraria for example is not ideal, because real-time gaming is very dodgy with a trackpad.
[ffxiv]	I have been desperately trying to look for a good crafting MMO. There hasn't been one (that I've tried) that has appealed to me yet.    I want an MMO where I can gather/harvest/craft most things. The crafting system has to be enjoyable. I do not mind the grind as long as it's actually rewarding.  Any suggestions are very much appreciated.  EDIT: After a long search I have found Wurm Online to be what fits what I like (or Wurm Unlimited if you want to play it as single player). I haven't played it yet but I am excited to try it out!
[the talos principle]	The ones i enjoyed:  * [Simpsons hit and run](https://;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;es_th=1&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=Simpsons+hit+and+run) * [Sonic Adventure DX](https://;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;es_th=1&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=SADX) (not as much as SA2B) * [taz wanted](https://;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;es_th=1&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=taz%20wanted) * [Binding of isaac afterbirth](https://;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;es_th=1&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=Binding+of+isaac+afterbirth) * Some of spider-man [games](https://;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;es_th=1&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=spider+man+2000) * And my favourite **[sam &amp; max series](https://**
[ghost recon advanced warfighter, rainbow six]	I enjoy playing the games in the title, but everytime I do I realize that the experience is crippled by the fact that, since I'm playing with a bunch of strangers, there is not real coordination or communication in our strategy. This is true also in capture-the-flag arena shooters type, except that in those games people just get frustrated and start to play for personal glory (by aiming for best k:d ratio, rather than helping the team score points), while in the more tactical shooters you can't even do that.  I considered the option of joining a clan, but to make sense this would require more time and commitment that I currently can invest.   I wonder if there is a game like these where I can play alone by giving directions to AI teammates, while having direct control of just one of them at a time. It doesn't need to be 3D, but at least to have the same feeling/gameplay of a shooter (for example, a game like Soldat, Baboviolent or Nuclear throne would be fine, but one like Frozen Synapse wouldn't).
[pillars of eternity]	I've got an Xbox One and PC with Steam/GOG. I'm hoping someone can take a look at what games I've enjoyed and then recommend something to me. I generally prefer games with a strong narrative/story over open world exploring games where the story takes a backseat.  Here are some of my favorites:  - Legend of Zelda series  - Legacy of Kain series  - Legend of Dragoon  - KOTOR 1 and 2  - Mass Effect series  - Jade Empire  - Dragon Age: Origins (didn't enjoy 2 or 3 nearly as much)  - Witcher series  - Alpha Protocol  - Vampire: The Masquerades  - Bioshock series  I'm not a big fan of either Elder Scrolls games or Fallout 3/4 because I just felt like the storyline was so bland and after exploring the open world for a while I just get bored and stop playing. I know that it's blasphemy but I couldn't get into Baldurs Gate, Planescape: Torment, or Divinity: Original Sin either. I think I just don't enjoy that style of RPG. I know they're so highly rated I just don't enjoy them. Maybe I didn't play them long enough. I didn't get past about 10 hours into each. I also don't enjoy Demon/Dark Souls. I just don't enjoy replaying the same area over and over. Yeah, it's satisfying when you cleanly beat an area but I didn't find the story engaging enough to keep me going. Thanks in advance if you suggest me something.
[the jackbox party pack]	Been wondering if a mini game collection party game like Mario Party or Fuzion Frenzy exists on the PC. The only thing that comes to mind is Raving Rabbids. I know theres other party games that have a small variety of mini games like Battleblock Theatre, but there doesnt seem to be anything with a giant variety like Mario Party. I'm guessing my only other option would be to use a gamecube emulator.  edit: I'm looking for more in the direction of Fuzion Frenzy style where its just tons of mini games, rather than the board game style of Mario Party.  I do have a game called Move or Die which is somewhat in the direction I want, but it would be nice to find something that is more upwards of around 20+ varieties of minigames. Theres a game called [Mech Mania](http:// that was in development a few years back but it seems to have just stopped progress.
[rise of nations, age of empires, empire earth]	I think it would be really neat if there was like an RTS where you maintain a fortified city over a long period of time, defend against nearby threats, maybe make alliances and do some trading, go up a tech tree...  Normal RTSs like Command &amp; Conquer don't really have the same city building elements, SimCity lacks any sort of combat, and Civilization is turn-based, not to mention it takes place on a much bigger scale. Essentially, I want a cross between these three types of games where you focus on a single city or base over a long period of time. Does anything like this exist?
[conquer the world]	Hey guys,  played some Lux Delux and while that was a bit too simple for my tastes, it did give me an itch to conquer (world) maps. It doesn't have to be the actual world, but just conquering and expanding my empire, etc. I tried the Europa Universalis 4 demo, but I don't have too much time on my hands atm and I don't think you can really get into the game with half an hour here and there. I also played Rise of Nations, which was fun, but I didn't really like the randomness of the missions you had to do to take over places, it just seemed to random and more like doing mini-games that don't actually have anything to do with actual conquering.  Currently thinking about trying Empire Total War or Rome Total War. Never played a TW game before. Would those be good choices? And if yes, which one to start with? (and should I get Darthmod right away for my first game or later?)  Any other games out there that walk a middle way between Lux Delux and EU4?  Thanks!
[undertale]	This may be odd to describe, but here goes. I'm looking for games where your accomplishments (NOT binary choices) are recognized and can change the narrative.  The best example I can think of is an old flash space shooter (rpg maybe?) whose name I can't remember. It was a very simple and short game, but there was a boss fight at the beginning with the big bad that you were "supposed" to lose. If you managed to beat it (many hours of tedium) the plot changed slightly from "hero's journey to kill the big bad" into "guy who beat the big bad before so let's finish him off for good". (Same missions though, just dialogue changes).  The important feature here is that you do something optional and the game changes the plot or character responses because of it. Less "choose x or y and plot continues" a la Mass Effect, more "oh wow you're that dude that did that one thing. Sweet". I guess sort of like the pacifist/kill everything runs of deus ex or dishonored, but with more dialogue during the game instead of just the end.  Sorry I don't have better examples, my mind is blanking.
[l.a. noire]	Games with a historical setting or just of a certain time period similar to The Saboteur, Mafia 2, Assassin's Creed Syndicate, The Order 1886 (not 20th century but close enough), where they all capture the mood, tone and characteristics of the time they were set in. I'm kind of overwhelmed by all the futuristic games out right now and I just want a nice game from a time during the 20th century. Also, games that capture the spirit of a time period but without actually using it as the setting such as Bioshock or Fallout are also welcome. I don't currently have a PlayStation so recommendations will have to be for the 360 or XB1. Thanks in advance :)
[animal crossing, animal crossing, animal crossing, harvest moon, harvest moon]	I have been trying to look for games that allow me to spark my own imagination. Games that are open world or sandbox, that don't have any set quest or objectives. and allow you to explore a realistic world without the constant interruption from enemies or other npc's.  I have spend hours in games like GTA, creating my own story in a set environment. Or games like Rodina just exploring on peaceful mode. But most games are not build for that and limit your experience.  ___  I also like RPG simulations. Games that allow you to actually live in a town and just follow the general rules of the world. Wake up, eat, do your job, hang out, go to sleep. (just following the normal motions of life) But not like  the sims games, I want to be an actual person in the game.  Everytime I play a game like Life is strange or any Tell Tale game. I just want to live in that world, without anything happening every peaceful moment.   ___  I know that the request for games like this will be really low, so not actual game developer will take a dive in genres like this. So thats why im looking for a good indie game that has 1 or both of these things.
[planescape: torment, pillars of eternity]	Shadowrun Returns, Baldur's Gate, the early Fallout series, that sort of style. I'd strongly prefer something with a detailed or text-heavy story, possibly more than just dialogue windows. A little bit like how some of the games above would describe actions or scenes in more ways than the game's art can.   I'd put priority on an interesting, active story than anything else. I wasn't too big of a fan of the Shadowrun Returns style of storytelling. It didn't feel immersive enough, for some reason. And then on the exact opposite side of that you've got something like TES or maybe Deus Ex, where the story enveloped you almost the entire time you played. Human Revolution was something where the main character was already established, and you're more experiencing his story. He had a past and wasn't just a sort of a shell until the player comes along. That breaks the mold of a lot of roleplaying games where the player is supposed to 'be' the main character, but I'm sure it's been pulled off well more than once.    Combat or action is optional as long as the story is good. I mean jeez, if that was something that I wanted in every game I wouldn't have experienced a lot of the games I've played (most visual novels, Life is Strange, Gone Home, The Stanley Parable).
[kotor]	I loved what the Mass Effect trilogy did with the relationship between the main character and their squad. I'm looking for something similar to that, with **character development being a plus. PC game required.**  * Recruiting different characters, each with their own traits and personalities. These characters go through character development as well. * Way of recruiting characters wasn't simply talking to them, but completing missions and favors for them. * I don't want anything like the pawn system of Dragon's Dogma where team members seem "soul-less." * I prefer non-generic, story-based characters as opposed to games that give you an unlimited supply of recruits to hire.  Games that I did enjoy:  * Mass Effect trilogy * Fire Emblem series * Persona 4 * X-COM EU/EW
[jade empire]	I really enjoy the kung-fu/fantasy aesthetic of the free to play MMO Blade &amp; Soul.  So much so that I started playing it despite passionately hating everything about the MMO genre.  Imagine my surprise when after playing Blade &amp; Soul for 30 minutes, I fucking hated it.  But I really, really love the idea of a game - possibly an RPG? - where you can customize a character in a kung-fu/fantasy style world (or something similar).  An awesome story would be a total bonus and definitely something not turn-based.  What I dislike about MMOs is the endless pointless quests and game world flooded with random people running everywhere and the chat being spammed with stupid requests to trade this or buy that or join this guild.  I play on PS4, Xbox One and PC.  Am fully open to any and all recommendations and appreciate the help!
[space shooter, star citizen]	I'm so tired of numbers, levels, grinding, and microtransactions being the defining factors of a game. If I wanted to sit there and make numbers go up, I'd hit 1+1 on a calculator and hit the = button over and over.  Are there any massively multiplayer games that AREN'T:  - An RPG. - A survival pvp early access BS game. - Planetside  Edit: I'm not opposed to stat progression, I'm just tired of the grind. I want to play an open world game with hundreds of people, that's a little more action-oriented, like a platformer or deathmatch style scenario.
[star wars galaxies, runescape, runescape, albion]	Looking for something as close as possible to the original Ultima Online - the original UO was so much more than just a game, it pioneered the MMORPG genre but it was the freedom and social interaction that made it great.   Full loot, housing actually in the world, the ability to do any skill in the game just by practising it, physical items in the world that could be moved around, an entirely player driven economy etc etc.  So many memories of that game, I've tried pretty much every major MMORPG since and nothing comes close. Anything like this currently out there which I may have missed? 
[life is strange, heavy rain , gone home]	Hey there.  I'm looking for a game that would teach my wife how to play games on her computer and maybe use consol controls so we can play on the ps4.   Last night I got her to play Life is Strange on the laptop because I figured it's a good game for someone without any experience in 3d games(She's used to playing on her phone and the snes). But she kept getting so mad because she couldn't control the camera at all, I know it sounds simple enough but she could not do it but she kept playing even tho she came close to throwing her laptop on the floor. I gave her a mouse and tried getting her to use wasd but she hated that more and wanted to use the touch pad and the arrow keys.  So what I'm asking is does anyone know any sort of game or program that I can sit her down at with a mouse and get her to practice using the controls in sync so maybe one day her and I could play more games together.
[prison architect]	Hello guys. I am going through rough lifetimes now. I don't want to overwhelm you with my feeling so tl;dr: I want to get my mind into the game, but every game is so unsatisfying.  I played lot of CS:GO, but lately im sick of the other players not cooperating, i started quitting the matches, because i was mad.  Same with Dota 2 (I still play this sometimes if the math is good.)  I played lot of Banished - calm enviroment, long hours of playing and evolving my city. Mainly singleplayer made me play this so long. Pausing or save+loading keeped me returning and playing this game.  Trackmania is a kind of the competitive game i want to play. Everything is only about yourself. Getting the best time on the racetrack. It is still multiplayer as you compete with others on the server. Best ompetition type.  SimCity + Cities Skylines are too complex and unsatisfying for me. I see no joy in this 2000 city builders.  GRID was a great racing game, because of the option to create new team, make a name, buy cars, customize them and again compete with others.  Need for speed? **No PLEASE NOOO!** Only Underground 2 and Most Wanted. Played the shit out of these two. And others? Unreal handling, retarded controls etc.  ______________________________  tl:dr:  Please suggest me some great game that can turn my mind from thinking about drugs, alcohol, or something worse. Some game that can really hold me in it for longer time. 
[divinity: original sin , diablo]	I'm looking for somethingthat can be played with 1-2 friends, Has loot mechanics either similiar to binding of isacc and risk of rain or similiar to diablo 3/POE. Prefer games with high replay value through either difficulty or randomization. PVP against other players is a big plus.  We want something that isn't in early access but I don't think such a thing exsists. Below is a list of things we've played and thoughts:   ARPG's Diablo 1/2/3: all excellent played a bunch. Path of exile/torchlight: same as above. Grim dawn: felt clunky, not a fan.  MMO: WoW,GW2,Rift, blade and soul: all good just lost interest Runescape/old schoool/ darkscape: to much grinding Ultima Online: great game just a bit out dated.  Albion: in the beta test but have stopped playing until launch.  Survival: H1Z1 /DayZ: love these games but not being able to spawn with friends right away is a huge killer.  Don't starve togther: not enough action Ark/Rust/life is feudal: All fun but a big time sink.  Rogue lites: Binding of Isacc: fun but no multplayer. Risk of rain: fun but not looking for a side scroller/platformer. Dungeon souls: awesome but no multiplayer yet. Nuclear Throne:  did not enjoy this one at all.  Alien swarm: was fun but always had issues.   The perfect game: MMO or 40+ player server game with open PvP, character progression, item progression, death is punishing (item or state loss) If such a thing is real I would love to know. Thanks!
[grow home]	So the first thing that comes is Minecraft. I love playing on Peaceful but actually gathering my matierals rather than just playing on creative.  Most recent things to come to mind are games like Life is Strange. I've been watching a Stream of Firewatch and love the somber tone of it all. Though these cinematic types are little too slow paced for me. Though I haven't played too, too far into Life is Strange.  I love calm, but I love working towards something. I'm a huge fan of RPG elements, but being an RPG not required.  Braid is a good example with how well paced overarching peaceful tones can accompany challenging gameplay.   I can't full describe exactly what I seek as I'm not sure what all is out there in this style. Suggest and I'm happy to elaborate, discuss or try.
[lichdom: battlemage]	When I play Action RPGs, I usually pick up a warrior because I like to be in the center of the fight. When swinging a weapon around loses its charm, though, I usually try to play as a magic user... and in most cases I usually go back to playing as a fighter. Why? Because most of the time playing as a caster is one of the most unsatisfying experiences ever. Is there a game that does playing a mage/sorcerer right?  I want either and action game or an action RPG where playing a caster doesn't mean "run away as far as possible from the enemies and pray they won't catch up to you before you finish casting your basic attack spell" or "stand away from the battle and provide support, while warriors do the actual job fighting the enemies". I want a game where playing as an aggressive offensive magic user is a viable strategy. A game where I can run into the heat of the battle and actually fight enemies using my magic.  The games I've already tried playing as a caster in:  * Fable: The Lost Chapters. This game did it right. The spells felt powerful and the charge time wasn't long, so playing a pure caster was just another playstyle and not gimping yourself for not using melee weapons. * Dark Souls 1. Your mage is too slow and too fragile. Basically a textbook example of what I described above (with running away and stuff). * Dark Souls 2. That game did it sort of right. The casting speed was quick enough for it not to feel tedious, but you still had to keep your distance because of how low your mage's HP was (at least in the beginning). * Dragon's Dogma. That game did it almost right. The mage wasn't a "glass cannon" - it was an actual cannon. What bothered me about playing as one, though, was how slowly the spells were charging - the basic fireball spell always took 6-7 seconds to charge before it could be fired, with more time added the stronger form of it you wanted to cast. That applied to any other offensive and defensive spells. And don't even get me started on the most powerful, late game spells - they look so long to charge it almost felt like I was watching a cutscene. Except an enemy could run to you and knock you out of it. * Dark Messiah. This game did it perfectly. The spells are quick, fun to use and using them is actually more viable than pure melee because of more versatility in the way you fight your enemies.  So, based on everything you've read above, is there anything you could recommend? Thanks in advance.  EDIT: Also, I don't want games like The Witcher. While technically they fit, Geralt is using his sword way more than he's using his magic abilities, while what I want is to play as a pure mage.
[minecraft]	yes, as in the title. A pve coop game, where my char doesn't improve with time/farming/grinding.  A bit like Helldivers, where there is no skills or stats to improve, maybe some QoL/new weapons but not more powerful ones, that give a sensible advantage so a new player must "level-up" before joiining the others (of course needs to learn to play, but I'm ok with it. it's not artifical but a honest "content gate", your skills as a player). what I miss is the very bad matchmaking (server issues these days?) and a open world (so, lf a mmo not a simple coop)  tried also vermintide, killing floor and l4d2, but a bit repetitive and short before becoming boring.
[super meat boy, geometry dash, one more line, race the sun, pix the cat, audiosurf]	So, I have both Downwell and Super Hexagon, and I love them. I've had Super Hexagon for years now, and I've put more time into it than I do most AAA games. I recently bought Downwell, and I'm really enjoying it. I'm hoping there are more games out there have these criteria:  * **Short play sessions**: games I can just pick up and play to fill some time, without demanding that I spend more than five minutes playing them.  * **Mechanically simple, but with depth**: games that have simple mechanics, but also manage to get a lot of mileage with them, like Downwell or Threes!. I tend to juggle playing different games in a day or week, so I'd like to avoid having to learn and recall info not presented when relevant (looking at you, Binding of Isaac, with your damn tarot cards, trinkets, etc.). * **Difficult, with fast-paced game-play**: I like games that demand my attention and reflexes, something to take me out of the moment and into the game.  * **For Linux, Windows, or Android**: These are the platforms I use. If I can buy it once and get it on both PC and Android, that would be fantastic, but not required.  Thanks for reading this, and thanks in advance for any suggestions!
[tabletop simulator, dodgeball]	It's been 5+ years since all my buddies have been able to play a game together because of growing up, starting families, and selling consoles. We all do have PCs (and Macs) though. I'm looking for games that virtually any machine can run since I am the only one with a dedicated graphics card.   I know TF2 would be a good place to start. We have done L4D2 before and had great results, but that is limited to only 4 people. Any other suggestions? Voice Chat support in game isn't a huge issue since we will likely use a 3rd party app.  
[rocket league]	Howdy,  I'm a long time PC gamer that's trying to unite my love of gaming with my oft-ignored SO. She's not a fan of keyboard/mice games but has a fondness for Xbox controllers, but I'd rather not invest in a console when I've built a powerful PC w/ two monitors  I thought a neat solution would be to buy two Xbox controllers, hook em up to the PC and make use of the two monitors (because fuck split screen).  Is this a viable option or is one screen/split screen the play? I assume it may depend on the game. Bonus points for any Haloesque/Shooter suggestions.
[torchlight ii, endgame]	I am trying to find a replacement for D3/Grim Dawn/PathOfExile.  I would like to play a frost mage / squishy healer archetype.  I didn't like how shallow Diablo was. The combat in it was by far the best but being able to complete my set and get to GR 60 within a day of the new seasons starting wasn't enjoyable.  Path of exile was the deepest and I loved the character building elements. I didn't like the XP death penalty because I could lose 2 weeks of playing with one death above lvl 85. I also didn't like how unintuitive the crafting and gear/gem systems were.   Grim dawn has no end game and I can't figure out wtf is going on in that game.   The main thing I want is some progression system, like leveling up and acquiring gear. I would prefer an RPG or ARPG and multiplayer would be nice.
[harvest moon]	Hello everyone.  Ok, so there's a kind of game that I'm very positive I would like/want. See, I like RPGs like Fallout, Skyrim and some others I can't remember. But what I like most of the RPGs I've played, is being in a town or a city, interacting with NPCs, walking around, feeling immersed in the environment, going to shops, looking at the stars etc.  So while Skyrim for example has great towns, it doesn't really favor what I want. I want a game, that let's you realistically stay in the city, without having to leave the safety of being around others, I want, a game that makes me feel that a town/city IS truly home. I don't know if you get what I mean, but man I know I would love this.  I'm hoping that you can recommend me some games that are like this. Action RPG games depict cities and towns just how I like them, but the games are made in a way that makes your stay in these places only temporary, and the strategy games that I've played gives you control of these towns, but it's usually limited, and you can't really feel the town being alive or you (The player) being part of it.  To recap, I want to find a game that favors staying in town.  If you know any game like this, please do tell.  
[diablo]	Hello all!  When I was growing up, I played a few ps2 games with my dad. Namely Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance (1 &amp; 2) and Champions of Norrath. I'm not sure the exact genre, but I think top-down isometric hack &amp; slash.  It's been years and I haven't kept up with gaming in the slightest. I'd like to start playing games similar to this with my dad. I don't have any systems, but will happily buy whichever one has a few of these titles; I also have a moderately powerful PC.  So, can you suggest any new hack &amp; slash games for me?  Cheers!
[gta v]	Title.  *However...*  It gets much more specific.   The game should be mechanically and graphically immersive, a decent time sink and/or have lots of replayability, as well as relatively easy to jump into/pick up (minimal slow starts/sharp learning curves).  I know for a fact that chaotic, skill based PvP (in particular, FPSs) is a turn off for one of us. MOBAs are also a pretty huge turn off for all of us. The grind is icky, and so is repetitiveness and monotonous mechanics (cue Elite Dangerous space travel).  Finally, games we play currently and games we have given up due to boredom/distaste (by no means a comprehensive list-- just off the top of my head):  Currently playing (and enjoying): Age of Empires III, Left 4 Dead 2, Teamfortress 2 (two of us), Depth (two of us)  Given up: Warframe (all of us but one), Elite Dangerous, PAYDAY 2, Borderlands 2   **EDIT:** Thank you for all of your recommendations so far! Unfortunately, the sale ended early this morning, but as soon as the next one rolls around, we will have to pick several of these up.
[this game]	I like grappling hooks. I like ropes. I like tying things together and watching the physics kick in. Just Cause 2/3 we're fun but I can only slingshot helicopters so many times before the novelty wears off. Guns of Icarus has fun moments with harpoon guns. Mark of the Ninja made good use of the grapple hook, and is a great game in general. I've even played Tiny &amp; Big: Grandpa's Leftovers. Currently I'm considering Spintires, the winch mechanic seems interesting, also deformable terrain. So, what else is out there?
[game dev tycoon]	I played one recently i can't remember the name of it, and i don't think it was finished. You took over a business for some reason and had to improve it by living the daily life of the owner, you had to walk out to the shop to buy things you needed for the shop, you had attributes which meant the people liked or disliked you more and you had to overcome it all, and get the business gain a certain amount of daily profit. Again i can't remember it as it was unfinished.  But i am looking for something like this, it's kind of a mix of simulation and rpg i guess.  If you have any suggestions i would be very happy!
[ori and the blind forest]	So I miss ye days old being younger in which I could play Sonic 2 or CD for countless hours at a time.  Now that I'm older I can say there's really only been one sidescroller / platformer since my youth which kept me wanting to go further - The Dishwasher: Vampire Smile. ... While I did play it mostly Co-Op, the combat was so much fun I kept going back until we crushed it.   A lot of games these days that I play ( To not full fault of the game ) I can only play a handful of levels before I get distracted and go back to a narrative focused game. Such as, Super Meat Boy. *Awesome* game. Only completed about 10 levels or so before it fell off for me.   I'm not sure if it's just me getting older, or if it's my taste in genre has just changed entirely as what happened with Super Meat Boy happens with most that I try.  Braid came very close to keeping me going with it's somber background narrative. Dust : An Elysian Tale did also. Though I fell out faster from Dust.  Limbo and Thomas Was Alone ... Both interesting in their own right, but nothing that drove me to keep playing them. I think these games reward you with a feeling of accomplishment of beating the level over much else. Perhaps I'm wrong. Maybe I'll seeking a different rewarding feeling as I love to adventure and explore like old Metroid ( Granted I didn't touch the franchise till Fusion, I did adore Fusion ).  I've tried and tried again to pick of various Mega Man games in hopes something will just *click*. But it never seems to.  Even now I can only handle a few levels of Sonic for nostalgia sake before finding something else.  So my hope is, do you guys have any 2D platformers / sidescrolls that kept you going back to it after the first play session?
[brothers: a tale of two sons]	So I just got done with Life is Strange and have a bittersweet hole in my chest. Looking for games with a similar kinda feel for PC - adventure/interactive narrative games are definitely my bag at the moment as I've got plenty of action games to play.      I also enjoyed Farenheight/Indigo Prophecy, didn't mind Heavy Rain but thought Beyond was a pile of unplayable wank. Gone Home was great, and Dear Esther was definitely not my thing. I'm looking at The Longest Journey on Steam at the mo and think I might check it out, but does anyone have any other recs?
[dragon's dogma, titan quest, grim dawn, endgame]	Hi guys, I'm in a huge huge gaming funk at the moment where I just get bored very quickly and end up closing every game a few minutes after I open it, to the point where I'm now just sitting and playing cookie clicker for hours on end as I watch the office.   So I was looking for a new game, something possibly in the vein of an arpg or just general rpg, a game where I can go through the game as intended for a casual, but has the ability for me to sink hours upon hours into an endgame in a repetitive grind for levels/loot etc. If I can watch TV/movies while doing so that'd be ideal!   Games I've done so far are,   * Diablo III (about 1500 hours) * Borderlands 2 * Path Of Exile * Torchlight II * Mount and blade * Sacred 2 * Titan Quest IT  A few others here and there too, but these are the main ones.  I'm looking at possibly Van Helsing's final cut, but I'm not really sure if there's anything else that really fits the bill, or if Van Helsing is good, I know it's a kinda specific request but if anyone's got any suggestions I would really really appreciate it!   Cheers! 
[uncharted waters: new horizons, albion]	I'm looking for a sandbox/simulation game similar to Euro/American Truck Simulator, Elite Dangerous, Banner Saga, Oregon Trail etc, but where you actually make a difference, if that makes sense. The closest game I can think of is EVE, but I'm hoping there's something out there without a monthly fee.  Some examples...  * Deliveries via plane. Emergency supply drops for an arctic expedition. * Driving a freight truck during a war. Initially you're just a grunt, but as you progress you end up leading the logistics division, and your success or failure impacts the outcome of the front you're on. * Ship captain sailing the seas. Your trading effects both your company and the economies of the places with which you trade.  It's probably a long shot but maybe there are some hidden gems out there!
[portal 2]	My girlfriend has recently started playing some video games from time to time. When she was growing up she was never allowed to play video games, so she isn't comfortable with complicated controls. She struggles to play first person games due to the controls.  I would like to play a coop game with her, we played expendabros and broforce and had some fun but she would prefer something a little less violent I think. She likes Spore and had some fun with Skyrim but was frustrated by the controls.  I have a ps3 and a gaming computer with a controller, but I could get another one. Her computer is pretty low end so we can play some computer games online if you think you know of something that would be a good fit.
[runescape]	This is a bit of an odd request but I hope somebody has some good suggestions for me!  I shiny hunt Pokemon a lot and it would be nice to play some PC games while I'm hunting sometimes. YouTube and TV get boring after a while. However I usually need one hand available to control the 3DS so it lowers my game selection down a bit.   I'm usually just holding the right part of the d-pad with the occasional press of the A button so it doesn't require a lot of my attention, but I can't necessarily play something where a few seconds off the screen spell doom. I think something either not timed or has an easily accessible pause button would be ideal.  I also have tried games like Civ 5 but I get way too sucked into dominating the world and forget to hunt. Bejewelled and Peggle work but I just would like something a bit more different then that right now. A good resource management game would be nice, though I've never been into the SimCity sort of games since I perfer managing people in games then planning out cities. Also any good text based adventures could be fun since they're not timed and I can type with one hand if needed.  I'm open to a lot of ideas, though of course if I have it in my Steam library right now I'm more likely to play it then if I have to buy it, haha.  *(Also any one handed IOS app suggestions would be great since I used my iPad 2 a lot while hunting, mostly playing silly freemium stuff)*
[rise of nations]	I enjoy playing RTS games with friends, we've played a lot of Dawn of War, Company of Heroes and Supreme Commander. A common problem is that we have 3 or 5 players and can't really form teams. I am searching for an RTS that is somehow balanced to accommodate to that problem, maybe with a diplomacy system or something. Not sure if it's possible for a game to be at least somewhat balanced even with an odd number of players, we are usually all on different skill levels but still enjoy at least some amount of competition.
[black desert online]	As the title says, i'm looking for an MMO that has tons of players, feels fresh, and has content that hasn't already been overplayed by the current community. I know its a lot to ask but I just miss the feeling of playing new and exciting content with people still trying to figure out the end game. I don't care too much about the gameplay mechanics as long as its somewhat entertaining.  Are there any mmo's in anyones radar that are barely coming out or have just released that would fit this description?  I've played WoW off and on for the past 8 years, along with a few other mmo's but I never managed to get the same feeling of accomplishment (as much as a game can give anyway) when you and a few others complete content that hasn't been done by most.  I've played DC:UO, KOTOR, Eve Online, Guild Wars, Rift, etc. These games have run their course for me.  Edit: Currently looking at Mortal Online if anyone has any input on that, the steam release date was august 2015 but just noticed its got many other years behind it.
[tomb raider]	Buying a ps4 from a coworker this week. He's giving me black ops 3 and i plan on buying the new naruto storm game along with one other. Im trying to decide whether to get unvharted collection or fallout 4. Normally id just play fallout but woth work and school i do t have an enormous amount of time and i have played previous fallouts so ik it wont be super new. Im also considering uncharted collection as ive never played it BUT i have heard that while its great ive heard many comparisons to the tomb raider reboot which ive tried and hated. My favorite games are ocarina of time, resident evil 4, mass effect 2, and halo 2. Which of these would ypu recomend for me.
[brothers a tale of two sons]	My girlfriend recently got interested in gaming, but her having control over too many things just gets her confused and cranky. I bought her puzzle agent 1 and 2, and she loved it. The other tell tale games, not so much. The thing she liked about it the most was the fact that it had interesting story and easy to figure out mechanics, while limiting the things she had control over.   So, any suggestions? I would prefer casual games, so that she doesn't get overwhelmed, but anything you think might be good would be cool. Any help is appreciated!
[dragon's dogma, dark souls]	Anybody have any suggestions for open world dark/horror themed western RPGs? Something like Diablo 1+2 with more openness, or The Elder Scrolls with a larger focus on demons. Dark Souls is probably the closest that I know of.  EDIT: Should clarify, preferably available on PC, though I do own a PS3, PS2, Wii U, and Xbox 360.  EDIT 2: Games I have played - The Witcher series, Dark Souls, Lords of the Fallen, Vampire: The Masquerade Bloodlines, The Elder Scrolls series, Baldur's Gate series, Planescape: Torment, Neverwinter Nights series, Icewind Dale series, Pillars of Eternity, Divine Divinity series.
[lol]	I know some people might say, "It's free, just download it." It's just, since I've never played a blizzard game, I'll have to make an account and go through that process. Plus I'm at a hotel right now with really slow internet. I'm just curious if I should look into it more or not.  I've only played 1 moba, and that would be Smite. I did enjoy it enough to get the ultimate God pack. I wasn't the best player however. I'd only really be good at poking an opponent. In other words, I was the most skilled player.
[tales of symphonia]	I'm well versed on Final Fantasy. I've played every one of them. I love to answer questions about "which game is good" or "which order should i play them in."  But now I want to explore the Tales series. There's alot of games and I was hoping you all could point me to the top 3-5 games and why. Dont feel like you have to limit yourself to  there are more good  me know!  I'm currently playing tales of phantasia on SNES and its blowing my mind. It's battle system is something ive never experienced before. It's fun and fresh and very actiony. I love it. It feels alot like Chrono Trigger/FF6 with its sprites and mode 7 overworld. I'm super pumped to see how this tales series develops but I would love to have a little guidance on what I should be looking at to best experience the evolution of the tales series/make sure i see the best entries.  Oh and I'm an english speaking fellow, so if it didn't get translated to english I cant play it.    Thanks in advance!
[this game, dmc]	(PC/PS4/Wii/PS Vita) Crysis, Far Cry 3/4, Batman and Shadow of Mordor are some of my favorite games because every combat encounter presents unique ways to win and you can plan out a quick, brutal, and awesome series of kills using all of the many tools at your disposal in many ways. What are other games like this, that are stylish and chock full of different ways to get kills? And I'm not talking about unique guns. I'm thinking a quick chain of stealthy melee kills followed with some environment kills and a weapon finisher. Like how in Rise of the Tomb Raider I strangled someone, killed two people by punching someone with a Molotov, then shotgunned the guy that investigated the screaming.  Beaten all 3 Bioshocks, Bulletstorm, Max Payne 3, all Half Life games, Wolfenstein TNO, The Last of Us, Gravity Rush, All 3 Uncharted games, and all of the games listed above. Working on Dishonored right now.
[dragon's dogma dark arisen]	Keywords! Seriously though. That's the best description I can give as I don't want to set the genre in stone as I'm learning that narrows my options too far.   I'm seeking something in 3D ( Age doesn't really matter ) with free movement and action combat. Examples would be something like the Fable series, Dynasty Warriors. Doesn't have to have combos, and doesn't have to be an RPG. I want 3rd ( Preferably over the shoulder and not top down ) person where I control a character in a fantasy setting ( High / Low doesn't matter to much. ) to thrash, grow the character ( Like I said, RPG elements not hard defined but a plus to be able to build your character ). Jade Empire would be another example. Trying to look more obscure though post your heartiest suggestions! Though if they've come out in the past couple of years I've most likely tried it ( Unless it's super Indie like Overgrowth or Blade Symphony ).  
[fable 3]	Been looking for a new game to play, so far the game's we've spent a good chunk of time playing together;  Diablo 3 Dungeon Defenders 1/2 Marvel Heroes Orcs Must Die 1/2 Left for Dead 1/2 Terraria Minecraft   I'm sure I've forgotten a few, I've also played Warframe and Borderlands 1/2, but I put so much time into those games I wouldn't want to replay them again.  We also tried Don't Starve Together, but it got stale fast.  I'm very much a min/maxer, games like Diablo and Dungeon Defenders with the gear grind appeal to me. She's more into actiony combat, but also enjoys the upgrade aspect.  Specifically looking for a co-op or online RPG of some sort, but not an MMO.  A persistent world/gear upgrade system is a must, games like TF2 and Portal aren't of much interest for us to play together (although I have a modest 453 hours in TF2 myself lol)  Edit: Also forgot, PC only.
[pick up, tetris]	I've been getting really restless lately, and both during class and after classes are over when I'm trying to relax by listening to music, I find myself idly flipping between all the tabs open on my computer trying to find something to keep my fingers busy so I don't go crazy.  As much as I love a good rhythm game or one of those browser games where everything syncs up with the music, I've got specific music in mind and can't exactly listen during class, so I want something to keep me occupied without the music being an integral part of it.  At present, I play a lot of fallen london, but the actions on that don't refresh fast enough, I've been trying to get into flight rising, but there just isn't enough to do over the course of a day, and I've gotten into a million different idle games at different points in time but they inevitably end up needing less and less input as time goes on. I guess it doesn't really even have to be a game, as such, I'm mostly just looking for something that doesn't require a lot of attention which can keep my eyes and fingers busy when I'm bored and listening to either music or a teacher talking.
[rayman]	This is an extremely niche request which I imagine won't be fulfilled exactly, and so I am willing to listen to recommendations outside of the parameters I set out here.  My girlfriend has recently fallen in love with games such as Until Dawn, Life is Strange, LA Noire, Heavy Rain.  Due to the nature of these games I imagine there aren't any that we could play together. However, can anyone think of a co-op game we could play together that might be at all similar to these games? Not too much skill involved, or if there is it will be possible for me to "carry the team", and for there to be a strong story to the game, possibly with choices for us to make along the way.  I am aware this is extremely niche and so any slightly relevant recommendations will be greatly appreciated.  Thanks in advance.
[the long dark]	Most of the survival games I find tend to be either rogue-likes, multiplayer only, super early access ( lack of content/polish), or just lacking in one department (combat, crafting, building, etc.). Not that there's anything wrong with those games, but simply not what I'm looking for right now.  I'll do my best to explain the vision I have in my head, using games I have played, and hopefully you guys can help me find something close to what I'm looking for!  ______________________________________________________________________________________________________   **I want a game that has the following:**   * Constantly trying to manage/gather/maintain resources. This can evolve as the game progresses, but it should always be a concern to a degree.  * A sense of danger. Something with monsters/wildlife/nature that is threatening.   * Involve some sort of base building. It does *not* need to be super hardcore base building. I'm just talking about making fortifications or traps to protect from the outside evils.  ______________________________________________________________________________________________________  **Games I've played that come close:**  **Don't Starve:** This comes really close! It has fun exploration, and you constantly have to be thinking about whether or not you have the resources to survive. I like the crafting, it has the whole, build a new station to craft new items system which is fine. The only thing I feel like is missing, is a more constant threat from monsters/wildlife once you are a bit settled, that is, there's not really any base building/fortification system (That I'm aware of at least. If I'm wrong please tell me!).  **Dwarf Fortress:** This fits perfectly, but I was hoping for something a little less intense right now. I love this game but I want something a little simpler, and possibly that starts off with a single character or an overall more humble beginning.  **Minecraft:** This would fit really well, but I've played this so much, I kinda want something new.   
[dragon age: origins]	So I was hoping to get a rec for a game with at least a few of the following qualities, primarily the bold ones:  * **Story Driven** (preferably not too dark like The Witcher)  * **3-D Textured** (AKA not side-scrolling and not pixel sprites) * **Real-Time Skill CD-type combat** (like WOW, as in not hack'n'slash or turn-based, NOT FF13) * **No "battle space"** (think encounters like Pokemon or FF) * **The main character talks** (In other words they are a person in the story as opposed to just your avatar. Like recent FF games instead of Skyrim or KOTOR) * Open World (I get anxious when it says I can't come back. mb) * Not an old dude (For some reason, playing as that stoic badass old dude never really appealed to me)  Well yeah. I guess the best example of what I am thinking of is **Xenoblade Chronicles**. I really liked the combat and story of the original, but when I played the sequel, X, I was dissapointed to find out that the main character had lost a personality. While I loved KOTOR, I much prefer a story to have a central character that has voiced lines even if that means I don't get to choose them.  I am open to suggestions on any console and feel free to point out some relevant keywords to help me narrow down my search. Thanks!  PS: I am open to JRPGs as well
[don't starve, risk of rain]	Have played these so far:  - aliens colonial marines - alien swarm - assassins creed unity co op missions - cod black ops 3 - cod ghosts - depth - dead island and riptide - doom 3 co op mod - dying light - ghost recon future soldier - half life 2 co op mod - insurgency - intersteller marines - killing floor 2 - left 4 dead series - monaco - operation flashpoint dragon rising - orion prelude - payday 1 and 2 - serious sam 3 - sniper elite nazi zombie 1 and 2 - spiral knights - the darkness 2 - trine 2 - warframe - warhammer the end times vermintide  ---  Currently playing:  - transformers war for cybertron - the division beta  ---  Not interested in:  - arma series - borderlands series - diablo, dark souls, lord of the rings... type of games/genres  ---  Am aware of:  - ark survival evolved - evolve - rainbow six siege - rocket league  ---  Any other suggestions please? Market seems somewhat dry for co op PC games...
[bloodborne]	Hello,  I've just started playing the Witcher 3 lately and I'm really enjoying it. It reminds me a lot of my days in MMOs and I've realized that this is my favorite type of game and I've put 1000's of hours into D3 also. I'm not a huge fan of the first person RPGs although I've played Skyrim and Fallout4 extensively. I've also played and beaten all the Souls games. I will say though that I have not played BloodBorne.  Are there any action RPGs I should check out on PS4? I honestly don't care much for story and I'm all about the gameplay and customization. So, anything with an in depth skill/leveling/loot system is what I would really like.  Any suggestions?
[frozen synapse, frozen cortex, xcom 2]	I am long time MMO player.  I have seen them all and grow a little bored of them.  I want o dive into strategy world, but hate single player.  My perfect game would be *online*, have player profile level and unlocks and be all about *tactic and strategy*. I don't want to play real time, I much more prefer *turn based* gameplay here.  Another important factor is popularity of such title. It has to have *player base big enough for me to play at any hour*,  without waiting for more than 5 min for matchup. It can be free to play, pay to play, buy to play, I don't care, but it can't be pay to win.  To sum up, most important factors are:  * Online gamplay * Tactical/Strategical genere  * Turn based  * Big playerbase  Have you guys any suggestions?  Thanks in advance! 
[rogue legacy, roguelike]	I'm trying to find a PC game with the following aspects:  - Genre:  shooter or RPG with direct character control - Gimmick: customizable base built around unlocking stuff that makes your character stronger and can be built out all the way and persists through the entire campaign.. Preferably a REALLY meaty system with lots of meaningful choices that don't involve placing the building manually; - combat genre: preferably involved bow gameplay, so either direct aiming or many abilities to use; - difficulty: leaning to the easier side; - gameplay flow: prefer something where the main quest can be done at my own pace and where I can really sink my teeth into the base building aspect without having to worry about losing out on missions or content.  The important thing, really, is the base building. I just love starting with a small shack or a single building, getting some resources to expand on that through quests or missions and slowly but surely having a bastion of righteousness. What I'm looking for is close to a roguelite, but without the high difficulty that those games are usually known for, and where the main persistency is from a base, not your character.  To give some examples of games in the style of what I mean:  1. Dragon Age: Inquisition: has some base building, but I find that the actual base building aspect is far too limited for me. There were only 3 choices and some upgrades, which isn't enough for me. 2. Assassin's Creed II, Brotherhood, III, Revelations, Black Flag: these aren't RPGs, but Monteriggioni, Rome, the Homestead and the Jackdaw/Great Inagua are examples of the kind of base building I'm looking for, especially with the scale of Rome and how much there is to unlock and build. However, all that Rome does is indirectly affect my character's progress, by giving extra money and making things cheaper. It doesn't give my character straight-up power. The Jackdaw is closer in that respect. 3. Pillars of Eternity: The stronghold is again a good base building sim, but the timed elements are not quite what I am looking for. 4. Neverwinter Nights 2: I like the Keep you can expand, but the system that you give the expansion orders with, since it's made out of the built-in dialogue system, is too cumbersome in my opinion.  Games I already own that I understand contain such elements but have not finished yet:  1. Dragon Age: Awakening 2. Baldur's Gate 2: Enhanced edition (waiting for Dragonspear so I can start the series on the Story difficulty). 3. Divinity: Original Sin: recently started in the Enhanced Edition, but haven't gotten past the first story mission yet. 4. Fallout 4: I only just arrived at Diamond City, but the settlement system with active building placement is not my cup of tea. 5. Mad Max: I have played roughly until the first time you need to unlock a mission for the guy in the ship, but not beyond.  Games I don't own yet that I considered, but found wanting on first sight:  1. Darkest Dungeon: too hard. 2. Metal Gear Solid V: The forward base at first seemed enticing, but the fact that they forced PvP into the game through other people being able to invade your base, steal your resources and dudes basically killed it for me. 
[roguelike]	I really enjoy the spirit of classic titles like [Dungeon Master](http://, and in more recent times, [Legend of Grimrock](http:// However, I'm not overly fond of all the puzzle-solving. I'm looking for a dungeon crawler for PC that fits most of the following criteria:  * 1st-person perspective * Cool if it has roguelike/randomized levels * Don't care too much about story * Less emphasis on puzzles and other head-scratchers, more on ambience/immersive environment and fighting monsters and collecting loot * Any time period is fine, whether it's medieval fantasy or something scifi like [Captive](https://\(video_game\)) * Casual to get into and get out of, if I want a quick play session.  I've looked at various Steam recs but may be missing something great.  Any recommendations?
[life is strange]	I'd really like a game in which you build a relationship with the female character. A 3D sim with maybe some decision making would be ideal, and narration would be nice, but mostly after something that maybe isn't just a dating sim but has those romantic elements in it. Something laid back and casual, dialogue based. Obviously all of those things would be really picky, but I mainly just want something that isn't a typical 2D, visual novel, or anime type game. Not trying to sound picky, just giving an idea of what I'm looking something similar to.   I recently made a post in /r/Firewatch since I wanted something like that game only more relationship-oriented, but I figured here might get more accurate suggestions.   Thanks!
[command and conquer, borderlands 2, path of exile, dawn of war, left 4 dead, warcraft 3, this game, pvz]	Right now me and my friends play Rocket League, but some of us are taking it too seriously (in the "screaming obscenities" way rather than the "practicing a ton" way) and it's becoming stressful.  We're looking for a game that we can play online while chatting in Teamspeak, where we can chill and have a conversation.  Some members of our group are prodigies and some are gaming impaired, so something where a single very skilled player or a single incompetent player ruins it for everyone is right out. Something as fast-paced as Rocket League would be ideal, we considered Minecraft or an MMO but several of us don't have time for grinding.
[the jackbox party pack]	I'm getting a PlayStation 4 tomorrow. I'll be playing alone mostly, but want to buy an extra game to entertain my friend when they come over. I was thinking a beat-em-up might be good since the matches are short and they don't require too much skills for basic gaming. But Street Fighter 5  is having problems wherever I look, so I was gravitating towards Mortal Kombat X, but am still not sure.  It would be great to get other recommendations too, as I'm a casual gamer and don't know too much about the gaming scene. Although any type of game recommendations are awesome, I'd like fighting game recommendations more.  Thanks!
[torchlight ii, diablo 3]	Not something like Euro Truck sim as its too boring but also not like too engaging. i want to sit in my room while stoned and listen to cooptional or round table and just progress in something. One thing i need to stress is that i want there to always be something to do and that something to be interesting, so no minecraft. I have looked into terraria as i used to be a big fan and this seems to fit what im looking for perfectly but i dpont want to replay it, also Dark Souls would work, but based on 90hrs of DS2 im not sure how well i could play it while high.   in short, i think im just looking for a single player and fun skinner box to distract me.
[dark souls, bloodborne]	Hello,  As stated for the title, I am searching for a game that rewards fast-paced controls with a lot of movements ; not the kind of game where doing something easy is mechanically complicated. The goal would be to have very fast footsies in order to be able to outsmart opponents.  I'd also want the game to include PvP fights ; I already played games like Devil May Cry, and while I truly love them, it just makes me wish they were including some sort of PvP fighting.  If possible, I'd prefer avoid shooting games, except if they are really really worth considerating. I liked S4 League because of all the movement options for instance, but it was mostly for the sword game and not the shooting aspect.  All in all, anything like a PvP inspired version of DevilMayCry, Diablo3 or something inspired from LoL's URF mode would be perfect.  Thank you for the upcoming suggestions
[resident evil 4, treasure hunter]	I'm a sucker for collecting things in games if they have an impact, or if there is a reward for collecting a certain amount of them. I've played:  every AC up to Black Flag  Dying Light  Gta 5  Far Cry 3 &amp; 4  Sleeping Dogs  Last of Us  Bioshocks  Borderlands  Diablo  Witcher 3  Infamous SS  And probably more I'm forgetting right now  I've got an XB1 and PS4 that I'd prefer to game on. I have a powerful PC, but I ran short of cash while upgrading and I'm a graphics card short of having a good rig for gaming. Right now I'm struggling to play Dying Light on low settings with some ini tweaks. I've also got a PS3, but my mother uses that for Netflix and Hulu and it'd be a moderate pain to move it around every time I wanted to play.  Any suggestions are greatly appreciated and thank you in advance!       
[borderlands 2]	I loved diablo 3 and I'm playing darkest dungeon right now. I don't really like darkest dungeon as I want to put all my focus on 1 character and you have to change characters very often in this game. I've also tried XCOM but you have to deal with too many characters imo and it just really frustrates me, I want to concentrate on only 1 character. Also witcher's slow paced combat system doesn't fit for me, I really like fast paced combat like diablo and dmc series.    To summarise:   - Progression system   - Satisfying loot   - Excellent combat   - Only focused on 1 character   - Can be turned based or RPG, maybe even FPS?  
[heroes of the storm]	I host small LAN parties (&lt;15 people) every few months, and we always get stymied trying to find a game late into the evening when some people have left and we have five people remaining. Always seems like five, I don't know why. Free games or mods are preferred, and older is probably better. Some of the people don't PC game except at these LANs, and they don't want to spend $60 on a new title like Evolve that won't even run on their laptop with Intel graphics. Shooters are preferred, but MOBAs and RTSs are acceptable, especially if they're friendly to new or casual players. Co-op or competitive is fine. No title is too old as long as it will still run on modern PCs.
[civ]	Hi,  My fathers 70th is approaching and he has always mentioned wanting to play some computer games so I'm considering opening a steam account for him and gifting him a few games to get him started.  If I had to guess I'd say his tastes were in the strategy/simluation/puzzle area, the kind of games that really make you think and have a decent level of depth. The kind of games I've already got my eye on may give you a clue as to the what he may be keen on.  -Sim City 4  -Kerbal Space Program  -Universe Simulator 1/2  -Papers Please  -Prison Architect  -Banished  -Stanley Parable  -Portal  -FTL  -Train Fever (he loves trains)  -Xplane (or any flight sim that doesnt require a beastly GPU to run)  -World of warships (not sure if this would run on a laptop however)  If I had to guess on the games he wouldnt be keen on I'd say fast paced violent FPS's.  The only issue is that this will all be run on a middle of the road laptop so it rules out the more graphically intense games (cities skyline etc) so if you know of any good games, they dont have to be new, preferably on steam, please put suggestions below.  Thanks :) 
[grim fandango, soul survivor, l.a. noire]	Y'know, like, with a jazz/piano/relaxing soundtrack, a classy/posh/luxurious atmosphere and characters that dress to fit the theme like in suits/tuxedos/formal wear etc? (The dressing part isn't that important though, but having characters that fit the theme will definitely be better) Slightly adult, but not too on-the-nose, with themes that really young children might not enjoy or understand but late teens and adults will like? I have no idea what this type of thing is called but you often find this atmosphere in TV shows or books much more often than in video games, usually involving bars, people in formal attire, relaxing music and romance. I guess these themes appeal to older men more often. It's very hard to describe for me. The games do not have to strictly follow this theme (Grim Fandago does not, it was only for one part of the game -- its atmosphere switches around from one part to the other) but it'd be nicer if this theme was more prominent. What I'm trying to convey can also be found a little in GTA Vice City at times, in the correct places. Sometimes games involving casinos also give off the same vibe. So, any more games out there with stuff like this? And also while you answer, is there a fitting adjective(s) for this kind of thing?
[dark souls, bloodborne]	I have a PS4, Wii U, 3DS, and gaming PC built less than a year ago.    Only two games that have really grabbed and kept my attention in the last year have been Metal Gear Solid V and Shadow of Mordor.    Games I have tried in the last year that bored me:  * Assassin's Creed 4 * Last of Us * Batman Arkham City * Watch Dogs * Grand Theft Auto 5 (got about 1/2 way through before losing interest)  Doesn't have to be open world/sand box.  I'd prefer something where you DON'T have to solve puzzles.  Thanks in advance!
[stardew valley, harvest moon]	I like the Harvest Moon series and the Animal Crossing series for two reasons: 1. They're not fast-paced, stressful, or combat-oriented so they're easy and relaxing to play. In addition to that, there's customization elements as well as interaction and story with the in-game characters. 2. They can be played in very small chunks and still have a certain amount of accomplishment regardless of if you put in 15 minutes or 5 hours.  My dream would just be to have a PC version of Animal Crossing but something in that vein where it's pick up and play for short sessions but also includes some character interaction would be nice.
[sins of a solar empire]	I've played EU4 and a few other paradox games but they seem more convoluted than complex. There are so many different things you can change but for the most part the effort to go through the menus to improve income or whatever by  isn't worth it. And then the battles have way too much randomness for my liking. I can understand to a degree why there is some randomness involved but it seems too high.  I enjoy starcraft but I'm kinda looking for something with strategic depth. Maybe something with supply lines if anything exists.
[sir, you are being hunted]	I'm looking for a game that makes 'finding your way around' a major game component. [Miasmata](https:// is a game that did this wonderfully. You actually needed the compass and triangulate major landmarks in order to have them placed on the map and find your way around. What other games are out there?  Stealth or some ressource management would be a nice bonus to have, but if the map integration is particularly interesting, even a "walking simulator" is fair game. Thanks for your suggestions!
[persona 4 dancing all night, persona 3 portable, persona 4 golden, persona 4 arena, persona 3 fes, persona 5, p4g, p4g, p4g, p4g, p4g]	I'm a JRPG fan who doesn't really enjoy the new style of Action RPGs that are offered today. As a result, I've been replaying the classics via PlayStation Network. Most recently, I beat Xenogears, Final Fantasy Tactics and I'm at the end of Suikoden II now (my first  me roughly 50 hours to get all 108 stars of destiny).   I'm torn on my next game. Should I give the Persona series a shot (probably 4 and truthfully, I do love Tactical RPGs), should I play Suikoden I for nostalgia or should I continue the story with Suikoden III?  I would love some feedback from anyone that has played these games before. Many thanks!
[rocket league]	Looking for a new multiplayer game to keep myself busy  I am currently not attending school ( took a year off from graduating high school to work, financial reasons.) So I have alot of free time on my hands. In that free time I ended up getting really good at CSGO. Competed quite a bit. But I'm finding myself in a situation now where the game bores me. This is my kind of dillema. I consider myself to me a half single player , half multiplayer kinda guy. I have around 200 games on steam right now and nothing makes me happier than a great single player experience. I love a good story! But I also love my multiplayer games, that fire to compete burns in me quite a bit. The problem with CSGO is that it's a constant grind. If you don't play for a while , your skills will get worse. So I was playing Csgo almost 60+ hours a week. Obviously , I have gotten sick of it. Im looking for something I can play in my down time when I don't particularly feel like jumping into a single player game. Any suggestions would me amazing! Thank you !  (PS. I already have Tf2 and dota 2)
[dark souls 2 scholar of the first sin]	My brother in law got me $40 for Steam. I have about 2 hours per week to play video games. I have an XBox 360 controller hooked up to my computer and prefer to use that to play games rather than mouse/keyboard.  Doesn't need to be a new game. Just something I can jump into whenever I have time, no real necessity to remember where I left off last time (though I do like leveling a character or at least making progress toward some goal slowly). Also subtitles in games are appreciated, as I often play on super low volume with a sleeping baby on my lap.  To give some background into what I play, I've mostly been playing Skyrim on my 360 for about 6 months, just picking at whatever quest or dungeon I feel like, and before that I decided to play through Mario 64 and before that a play through of Majora's Mask. Graphics don't really matter to me (it has to be playable, obviously, but stunning isn't something I need). I'm also really interested in No Man's Sky, but obviously that's a ways away. I also enjoyed (though not as much as Skyrim-genre) Civ V minus the controls.  Any suggestions would be appreciated.
[wolfenstein: the new order , mass effect , dark souls, bioshock, sci-fi]	Hey everyone. Recently my internet has decided to essentially kill itself so I haven't really been able to play any of my usual online games. So I'm looking for suggestions on single player games that are fun. I don't care how long they are, I'm looking for pretty much anything ranging from games that only last a couple hours, to games that will consume your life and soul. Also I'm on a Windows PC and it should be able to run pretty much any game on at least medium settings I would say. Any genre is fine, I like pretty much any type of game, although I'm not very partial to puzzle games although I have played a couple. (Also price doesn't really matter since I just want ideas for now)
[magic the gathering]	Tired of being let down by teammates. I'm looking for a competitive multiplayer game that doesn't require you to play on a team, and has some kind of ladder or ranking system.  Must be on PC and have an active community.  I have trouble with games that are highly reliant on quick reaction time or micromanagement, so most MOBA, FPS, and RTS games are out. Not really interested in fighting / beat-em-up style games either.  I'm the kind of person who spends lots of time looking at game guides / wikis, so a steep learning curve is fine.  I've played World of Tanks for a while, and I enjoy the slow, deliberate, strategic combat.  I used to play Pokemon competitively. I liked the whole "mind games" aspect.  I don't want to deal with buggy indie / open beta games.
[guild wars 2]	Hello there,  I played World of WarCraft for many years, mainly for the Wrath of the Lich King and Cataclysm expansions, and I have still many nostalgic memories of raiding and doing other stuff there. I enjoy the feeling of accomplishment, and now I am looking for something to fill that hole in other way.   Are there any superior gaming experiences today that are maybe hidden gems that I haven't heard of? I am a big MOBA player, I played League of Legends for 5 years and now I am mostly playing Heroes of the Storm, but I think I need the social / tactical element of raiding in WoW that it offered me so greatly. Note that it doesn't have to be a MMORPG, all games that have made an effect on you will do just fine.
[frozen synapse, xenonauts]	Jagged Alliance 2 has held a special place in my gaming heart ever since I got the demo on a PC Gamer ~15 years ago. Since then, I've been looking for any title that focuses on tactics over strategy, though I do love grand strategy.    Notable titles I've played (from memory so I may be forgetting some):  - Jagged Alliance series (all the mods, and even the terrible 3D 'remakes' and the ridiculous online version)  - XCOM and X-COM series (played them all)  - UFO: Extraterrestrials  - UFO: Alien Invasion  - UFO Afterlight/Aftermath/Aftershock - Warhammer 40k: Chaos Gate - 101 Airborne: The Airborne Invasion of Normandy -  High Caliber (lots of mods) - Man of Prey (Still looking for a good English translation; my Russian is rusty) - Brigade E5: New Jagged Union  - 9th Company - Roots of Terror  - Silent Storm  - Brothers in Arms series gets an honorable mention    I've omitted RPGs like Shadowrun, because although the gameplay is similar, I feel like it's a topic for another post. Feel free to suggest any you think run particularly close to the rest of the list though.    I feel like I'm running out of quality (and not so quality) titles in this sub-genre. Old, new, good, mediocre, even bad titles are interesting to me at this point. I run VMs or DOSBox for older stuff, though I feel like I've trolled the depths for years without anything really new popping up.
[wasteland 2]	I'm looking for an apocalyptic-themed game (not restricted to zombies) which involves leveling up and character development. Please don't suggest things like DayZ, H1Z1 etc. I hate those games, so bad. But that's a topic for another day.  I really like apocalyptic games (its a plus if it isn't *just* zombies, but it's fine too) but at the same time, I freaking love games where you can level up. Level up your gear, your character, whatever. When it comes to standard RPG stuff like quests/missions, skills etc. I don't really mind, anything will do. As long as it's a game which is somewhat apocalyptic-themed and you can level up in it. Google doesn't really help me out. Also, when it comes to survival things such as hunger, thirst etc. I'm kind of tired of those games. So another plus if you suggest something that isn't just that, but that doesn't mean you should refrain from suggesting anything like that too!    My dream game is where you are dropped into a big open world filled with quests, things to do, looting for gear and items, multiplayer or not I don't care. You can craft items, find attachments for your weapons, hunt down mutated animals/zombies/creatures/whatever, gain XP and level up. Something that isn't just set in a city too. So sort of like a mix between Fallout 4, a realistic deer hunting simulator, maybe sprinkle just a tiny bit of Borderlands on top of that. Mmmmh....    First-person is a plus, I love it.     Don't really care if it's single player or multiplayer, payed or free to play. Multiplayer and F2P are pluses though. If it's singleplayer, doesn't matter if it's free or not. Also, don't really care if it's turn based or real time, real time is a plus though. Please suggest away!    Feel free to discuss my idea too!    EDIT: Also PC-games only
[valkyria chronicles, alpha protocol, alpha protocol]	I got coupons for the both the game recently. So, here's the thing:  1. Alpha Protocol was made by Obsidian Ent., who also made the game Fallout New Vegas. I really, really enjoyed FNV, and I heard that the role-playing depth of those games are present here too. And the plot is a spy thriller which is very usual for an RPG  But for that to enjoy, one has to go through a huge mess of unpolished gameplay and many technical issues, which I am not happy with when I am making such a careful purchase.   2. I always wanted to play a tactics game. I'll play FF Tactics soon, and enjoyed Fire Emblem on GBA, and have yet to play X-Com 1/2. The art-style (like a painting come to life) and the music  of VC has already sold me. Some people have regarded it as the best PS3 game no one really played, and PC players are very positive too. Also, I enjoy anime-ish stories(only the ones that are  take the blueprint of such plots and add some originality to it) and art-styles, so it shouldn't be a problem. I've yet to hear flaw/complaints about this game so... none here.  So, my question is, should I buy both? or one of them? Money is a factor here, so I want this purchase to be worth it.
[the last tinker: city of colors, psychonauts, cloudbuilt, spyro]	Hey.  How are you guys doing ?  I used to love playing Crash Bandicoot, Spyro, Jak and Daxter, Ratchet &amp; Clank and Sly Cooper as a kid and I have been wondering what happened to these kind of games. They were what every game should be. They were fun to play and you could play them repeatedly for hours without ever getting tired of them.  Any games like those I mention that are available on the PC ? I would really like to play similar games on the PC.  Don't really feel like emulating those games, I want something "fresh".
[stardew valley]	I love playing video games, but unfortunately I'm very bad at it. So I'm looking for games that are not for children, but still playable for me.  Games I really like but failed:  * Super Hexagon, Duet, Boson X, Super Gravitron * Portal, Torchlight, Borderlands * Elite Dangerous, Vendetta Online  (EVE never worked on my computer, WOW has too many high level vets)  I have &gt;500 games in my steam account but don't want to download all of them to test.  I'm thinking Civ V: Brave New World now. Comments?  other suggestions?  Update: List of games at http:// 
[minecraft, minecraft, out there]	Alright so let me start off with this, I have looked into this for several days so far and i figured i would turn to reddit for some assistance, So far i have looked into Everquest Next Landmark, Trove, Cube World, Rising World and the newly released Portal Knights, Now Portal knights almost hits it on the nail as well as Everquest Next Landmark, But Portal Knights is always on a tiny Island and well your only real goal is to progress to the next island, Landmark is in heavily slow development and we are looking for something today, Not in the next Decade &gt;.&gt;  Now with all this said it NEEDS to be a 3D experience like Minecraft and Portal Knights with well... what the title says. But being able ot have a hundreds of items and ways to build your own place is wonderful, But it's just as important to have those lovely RPG elements where you can gain Skills, Abilities, and what not. BTW, No Space Stuff &gt;.&gt;  In advance, I thank Everyone for giving me there suggestions!
[factorio]	Hey, I've got a friend who's boyfriend can never really play games with us because he's only really into strategy/management games; Civilization, Banished, Gnomoria, 'Whatever' Simulator.  While we are playing Rocket League, Rust, Ark, LoL and other more action oriented stuff.  We really want him to play with us but we're having a hard time finding games that fit other than Civ where games can take days with 3-4 people.  Any help is really, really appreciated.  I've been looking all over steam for something that fits the bill.  I think he might like something like Ark/Rust without all the combat, just gathering, exploration and building, that isn't Minecraft, he played that to death years ago.  Thanks!
[hard reset]	So, as the title says, I want a single player FPS game that feels oldschool. The thing is, despite the recent wave of "oldschool" shooters and oldschool gameplay gaining popularity again, I barely can find anything that actually *feels* oldschool. Why? Let me explain.  To me, an oldschool FPS is an FPS with very tight, responsive controls and no hinderance in terms of movement and aiming whatsoever. The only thing out of the recent "oldschool" shooters I played that met those criteria was Serious Sam 3 - the action was fast-paced, the character was quick on his feet, and both the aiming and the shooting felt good.   "What about other oldschool shooters that came out in recent years, like Bulletstorm, Shadow Warrior, or Wolfenstein: The New Order?" you may ask? Well... they didn't do it for me. Why? Because in literally all of them the same problems occured: the character moved like they were perpetually knee-deep in water, moving the weapon around and aiming felt heavy, and there was this weird slight delay between pressing any key and the action actually happening on the screen. Not to mention bullshit like RPG elements in some of them. I blame the need to accomodate to console players for that.   So, are there any other relatively modern (2007-now) single player FPS that fit my definition of "oldschool"? I'd be really happy if there was one. Thanks in advance for the suggestions.
[heroes of might and magic, age of wonders]	Hey guys kind of a weird question, hope this is the right place to ask.  Recently I was back home for a few days for my fortnightly visit to say hey to my brother and parents and hang out with them and needed a usb cable. Was looking through my dads chargers and electronics box and noticed he had a few brand new pc parts (i5 2700k? A 1155 mobo and like 16gb of ram). Turns out he got suckered into buying these parts a few years ago being told it was basically a computer but he didnt realize he would need a fair few other parts to make and actual pc, and hes pretty shy and bad with his english so he just didnt return the parts and instead bought a low end laptop.  Anyway my brother and i both have a lot of old parts we have lying around and together we have a gtx 670, 550w psu, a case and we can spare a 27" monitor. So basically we can put all the parts together and build my dad a pretty ok PC for him to hook up to his tv and watch chinese dramas but maybe we can try to get him to join the pc master race? Lol.  My dad who is late 50s (maybe early 60s?) used to play video games a few years back during PS1 days. He had a commedore 64, and an amiga and also a ps1. But now he just plays candy crush on his tablet we got him. He was the one who got me into video games.  So heres my question. He started gaming late, when he was 40, and hes pretty old now like 60s so i was just wondering what are some good slow paced games he can play? He used to love silent hill. It was the perfect game for him. Not too fast paced but still a great game.  Is there any games on pc that are slower paced that he can play (preferably with a controller and scary? All good if not)?  Tldr: my dad is old were building him a pc what slow paced games can we get him to play.  Thanks guys :) any suggestions or tips would be great.
[subnautica]	**Doesn't strictly have to be one those two genres.**  Hey,  Friend's birthday is coming up and I wanna get him something he can play to do his own thing in, so to say. He's played and enjoyed games like Terraria, Minecraft, EU4, Skyrim, GW2, Anno, AoE, Total War, M&amp;B. I believe he enjoys the freedom and plays these games to relax first and foremost.  The most important aspect is the aquatic theme though. When I asked other friends for suggestions they suggested the BioShock franchise, but while that sounds cool as hell to me personally I don't think it's quite what I'm looking for.  I believe his computer is rather outdated (I'm not great with computers though so I can't say much more than that) - runs Skyrim on Medium quality if I'm not mistaken. So nothing too demanding I guess.  Oh, also, I'm not too sure about co-op games because while he does enjoy those, I don't think I'll be able to play anything with him for a long time. So single-player (or online) if possible!  Thanks!
[crypt of the necrodancer]	I'm looking for something fast-paced and challenging. Also, I don't want to have to think TOO hard while playing (like doing math to make sure I'm playing efficiently in order to be competitive).  I like games that have a big learning curve. If they're competitive, that's definitely a plus as well. Genre of game doesn't matter to me.  ****  Examples of games I've really enjoyed in the past:  -Dark Souls 1/2  -Fallout 1-4  -XCOM: Enemy Unknown  -CS:GO  -Super Hexagon  -Osu  -Rogue Legacy  -FTL ****  Really, I'm just becoming bored with video games. I need something that can keep my attention and isn't a chore to play.  Thanks in advance! 
[lethal league]	Doing a game night with some buddies this weekend. These don't come around too often (at least physically meeting up) so I'm trying to find some of the best current local pc party games. I've found a few but I'm out of the loop on these so I'm looking for suggestions. Bonus points to games that "just work" and don't require tricky setup and bonus for 4player. Controllers will be steam controllers and 360 wired. Also these are for games on one PC on a projector. No lan setup here.    Here's some of the game's I've come up with:   -Monaco   -Screencheat   -Sonic Racing Transformed   -Broforce   -Towerfall   
[persona 4]	I find myself crawling for a good romantic Jrpg game. It feels like everybody is always repeating that (almost) every Jrpg is centered for love story but when you star looking for something satisfying its very hard to find one. So here we go.  The closer the romance is for the main plot line the better. Subplots are okay as well unless they feel like a filler or meaningless. For example I have played Final Fantasy 9 and enjoyed it a lot but would love to find a game with even deeper romantic plot line.  If you surprise me with a really good romantic jrpg recommendation I might give you a small reward. 
[beyond: two souls ]	Looking for some PC alternatives to some 's the list:  1. Harvest Moon: A Wonderful Life (GCN) / Another Wonderful Life (GCN) / A Wonderful Life Special Edition (PS2)   * Already know about: Stardew Valley   * Do not like/want: Farm for Your Life   * Extra Notes: I like freeform farms rather than premade places to plant, and I'm not that fond of survival games. 2. Mario's Picross (GB) &amp; Mario's Picross 2 (GB)   * Already know about: None   * Do not like/want: None   * Extra notes: Auto-correcting, please! 3. MySims (Wii)   * Already know about: The Sims series   * Do not like/want: Spinoffs of the Sims series like Medieval   * Extra notes: Wasn't too fond of the building part, but I liked painting stuff and talking to people. 4. The Sims Bustin' Out (GCN, PS2)   * Already know about: The Sims series   * Do not like/want: Spinoffs of the Sims series like Medieval   * Extra notes: I enjoyed the ridiculous nature of it and the dumb story more than I enjoyed it as a Sims game. 5. Nintendo Badge Arcade (3DS)   * Already know about: None   * Do not like/want: None   * Extra notes: Would like to play for more than 5 minutes a day just because I don't want to pay for plays. 6. Chibi-Robo: Plug into Adventure (GCN)   * Already know about: None   * Do not like/want: None   * Extra notes: Nothing realistic, please. 7. Cubivore: Survival of the Fittest (GCN)   * Already know about: None   * Do not like/want: None   * Extra notes: Nothing realistic, please. 8. Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles (GCN)   * Already know about: None   * Do not like/want: None   * Extra notes: Doesn't have to be actual multiplayer. Fake multiplayer (AI companions) will also do. I am, however, picky on the look, feel, and sound of any game said to be similar to Crystal Chronicles, though... 9. LSD Dream Emulator (PS1)   * Already know about: LSD Remade   * Do not like/want: None   * Extra notes: Not really all that big on where-the-fuck-do-I-go games if they have a point, a goal, or stuff to collect. 10. Beyond: Two Souls (PS3, PS4)   * Already know about: None   * Do not like/want: None   * Extra notes: Bonus points if it makes me cry at least once. 11.  (PS4)   * Already know about: Allison Road, that custom map for Dying Light   * Do not like/want: None   * Extra notes: Will only accept games that are legitimately terrifying, of which , Allison Road, and Dying Light do not qualify. They may have qualified at one time, but no longer do.   And yes, for those games that can be emulated, I do know about emulators. I just wish to play games that are optimized for PC play.
[modern warfare 2, slot machine]	(I'm sorry if the serious tag is not allowed ; not a frequent poster)   Just as the title implies I'm debating with myself on whether I should get CoD or Battlefield. I swear I'm not trying to start a fps war or anything ; im just a guy who recently became interested in the fps scene.   So, which one did you buy (or not buy)? Why? What are some cool mechanics that one has that the other doesn't, and vice versa ? Anything specific I should know as a newb?   I play League of legends (Plat5 in season 5), and am familiar with most AAA titles, if that is of any help.   Thanks again, and sorry if I'm posting in the wrong subreddit ; posting this in their respective subs could lead to a biased opinion   Edit: From what I'm understanding BF is a game where you have to put 30+ mins to get a really good experience where as CoD seems to be like a game where you just... play (sorry about the wording). Is that so?
[armageddon empires, ultima underworld, divine divinity, dwarf fortress, baldur's gate, geneforge, minecraft, diablo 2, albion]	Want a game that can be played on school computers, keep in mind these things play Minecraft at 30 fps on the lowest settings. Here are the things I would like in the game:  - Lots of game time (like over twenty hours)  - LAN Co-op or LAN Competitive/Single-Player (one or both)  - Fun to play, no grinding games please!!  - Doesn't require Steam to play (I don't mind buying it off Steam, but Steam should not have to run if I want to play it)  - Maximum size is 1 GB  - Open to all genres of games  Thanks for your help guys, just got put in a bunch of boring tech courses with lots of spare time, thought I'd try out some games :)  Edit: Formatting
[neverwinter nights, paper rpg, dnd]	I've had a growing interest in DnD (in no small part, sparked by the podcast The Adventure Zone).  Honestly, I'd most like to find a DnD game in town to play in person, because I know that's the best way to have the full experience. It's just hard because of my job's demanding and unpredictable work schedule.  In the mean time, I'm looking for a game that gives the most complete representation of playing DnD. I'm not just asking for fantasy. Any game that gives the full sense of dice rolls, etc etc. Point is, I'm less interested in what it's like to play as a video game and more interested in the fact that it plays most like actual tabletop.  A few of the games on my radar include Baldur's Gate, Baldur's Gate 2, Neverwinter Nights, Neverwinter Nights 2, Icewind Dale, and Knights of Pen and Paper. Anyone who can let me know how well those games fill that role or suggest a new one would be a big help.  Thanks!
[the secret of monkey island special edition, the legend of zelda: a link to the past, star wars: knights of the old republic, the legend of zelda: link's awakening, the legend of zelda: ocarina of time, metal gear solid 2: sons of liberty, the legend of zelda: the wind waker, paper mario: the thousand-year door, the legend of zelda: majora's mask, castlevania: symphony of the night, age of empires ii: gold edition, metal gear solid 3: snake eater, system shock: enhanced edition, metal gear rising: revengeance, tom clancy's splinter cell, sid meier's civilization v, tom clancy's rainbow six 3, resident evil hd remaster, star wars: jedi knight, star wars: jedi knight, final fantasy tactics, shadowrun: dragonfall, sonic the hedgehog 2, halo: combat evolved, the binding of isaac, planescape: torment, stronghold crusader, super mario galaxy, the ultimate doom, super mario world, super mario world, final fantasy iv , final fantasy vii, wing commander 3, jagged alliance, devil may cry 3, super mario rpg, panzer dragoon, kingdom hearts, rogue squadron, system shock 2, counter strike, super mario 64, chrono trigger, call of duty 2, s.t.a.l.k.e.r., s.t.a.l.k.e.r., breath of fire, il-2 sturmovik, legacy of kain, call of duty 4, grim fandango, phantasy star, super metroid, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, carmageddon 2, indiana jones, crimson skies, jedi knight 2, silent hill 2, metroid prime, shining force, icewind dale, half-life 2, soulcalibur, neverwinter, dark forces, the witcher, left 4 dead, ni no kuni, mega man x, golden sun, duke nukem, ace combat, starsiege, homeworld, red alert, xenoblade, starcraft, bayonetta, total war, xenogears, rayman 2, suikoden, star fox, spec ops, far cry, quake 3, thief 2, deus ex, deus ex, hitman, halo 2, halo 3, pikmin, diablo, yoshi, talos, yuri, mdk]	Going through a renaissance of sorts and playing catch up. However, I need a way to prioritize the huge backlog of games that I have missed out on through out the years.  Below is a list of ALL the games that I have ALREADY COMPLETED in my life so far.  Can anyone recommend me any other games that ARE NOT already on the list which you personally loved or think everybody should play? Preferably, games that are compatible with PC and with controller.  Thanks!  LIST OF GAMES ALREADY PLAYED  ::PC::  Bioshock Bioshock: Infinite Call of duty black ops II Dead space 1 James Bond : Nightfire Lord of the rings:the fellowship of the ring Planet of death (POD) Pyschonauts Mass effect trilogy Master of Olympus:Zeus Master of Atlantis:Poseidon Metro 2033 Metro: last light South Park: the stick of truth Star Wars: the phantom menace  ::PS3:: Call of duty: black ops FIFA 2012 Motorstorm: pacific drift Portal Red dead redemption Uncharted trilogy God of war III God of war: Ascension The Last of us  ::PS2:: Call of duty: finest hour God of war God of war II Gran turismo 3: a-spec Half Life 2 + episodes James Bond: everything or nothing Lord of the rings: the return of the king Prince of persia:the sands of time Prince of Persia:warrior within Prince of Persia:two thrones Pro evolution soccer 2008 Resident evil 4 Shadow of the colossus Star Wars:battlefront 1 Star wars: battlefront 2 Timesplitters 3: future perfect Tony Hawks underground  ::PS1:: Crash bandicoot 2: Cortex strikes back Crash bandicoot 3: Warped FIFA 99 Hogs of war James Bond:tomorrow never dies James Bond: the word is not enough Jedi power battles Medal of Honor Medal of Honor underground Tekken 2 Tekken 3 Tomb raider 4:the last revelation Worms  ::IPhone:: Infinity blade 1 &amp; 2 
[dark souls, diablo]	Hey guys, found this sub today, hopefully this is a good place for this question.  I got a PS3 last month for cheap with a bunch of games. I haven't had a system since PS2 and haven't played games in a long time, barring the occasional fighting game here and there with friends or random Halo matches in college when Halo 3 was big. I have been out of the loop for SO long, and now that I have a PS3, I'm excited to experience all these games that I missed out on!   I've gotten the rush of fun and interest again with playing all these popular games that I've heard so much on Reddit. It's so much fun playing again, and I haven't been this into games for like 10 years...  Anyway. I've played Bioshock and thought it was awesome. I played through and beat The Last of Us- amazing experience! Playing through Bioshock Infinite now, which is also awesome. I have GTA V, which is awesome, but I've always known that GTA was awesome. I have Red Dead Redemption which I have played a bit but haven't gotten too into yet.  I started playing Borderlands 2, which is pretty damn fun, haven't gotten too far into it yet. I also have Far Cry 3, which I played a bit of, and I started to enjoy the aspects of it quite a bit, it seems like I can get really into it. I got a bunch of games recently at GameStop used for very cheap- I got Dishonored and Killzone 3 for two bucks each... haven't played them yet but I have heard very good things about them. I also picked up Mass Effect 2 for cheap.   Basically, I want to know the "must play" games for PS3 that I haven't gotten yet. I like FPS, shooters, and games like the Last of Us which mix a lot of different elements together. Not the biggest fan of puzzle, action/adventure games, platformers, and RPGS. I like more action based, shooting games, with diverse elements and XP based combat systems. I'm not a COD fan, I just can't get into that fandom. I also prefer strong single player/story mode games, as I don't really play online.  I hope this was a good bit of info on me, I really just want to know what I should get for PS3 because I've missed out on a LOT of games! I've been looking at Wolfenstein and Dead Island, but don't know if they're worth it. Please, suggestions! Thank you!
[mass effect]	Hi guys, I'm looking for a game with that specific feel to it. Spelunky is the best example I can think of. In that game, when you encounter an enemy, regardless of if it's a lowly bat or Anubis himself, you have to respect it because it can kill you if you're not careful. When you get an item, it gives you a significant advantage. It means something. Even the gems have decent value because items cost quite a bit in the shop.  The biggest problem most RPGs have is that the enemy difficulty can be cranked up, but the scarcity of items (or rather lack thereof) is pitiful. (I'm looking at you, Bethesda) I don't want my bags stuffed full of stuff. I want to find meaningful items or resources here and there so it actually feels like it means something to find them. Not to mention it becomes a pain in the ass to pick everything up all the time.  I'm looking for something like that, but hopefully more open, rather than level to level. And not 2D if possible. RPGs would be best.  Spelunky, the Souls games, and EVE Online are the only games that I can think of that manage this well. Any others?
[rocket league, overwatch, starcraft]	Hey all! I love competitive games and the idea of mastering your trade to outplay or outsmart an opponent.  I have played countless hours of CSGO and League of Legends and am growing tired of both games.  CSGO gets stale and boring doing the same thing over and over. League of Legends is never boring, but has way too many variables for me (champions, builds, itemizations).  I'm looking for something in between. Enough things to stay interesting, but not so many that my mind gets lost in the customization.  Thoughts?
[fallout new vegas, power struggle]	Can you guys give me suggestions on good games with different factions that have complex relationships?   Examples of this would be Gothic series, Alpha Protocol and Freelancer. Those games had different factions you could align with and those factions had different relationships - they were sometimes allies, sometimes neutral and sometimes fought each-other.  I'm not really looking for games, where you can pick between two factions, like imperials and Stormcloaks in Skyrim. I'm looking for a gameworld, which is complex because of factions.  Thanks in advance!
[might and magic, might and magic]	So i have a keyboard and a tablet with intel atom and only 1gb  am going to buy a mouse to play TF2(plus some low end cfg) but till then i am stuck with the  could try The binding Of Isaac but i don't know how much ram it  other suggestions ?(I would rather play an older game than an Indie).Also has anyone tried KOTOR 2 using a keyboard and touch screen ?I think it could work and i could even activate mouse keys  EDIT:What DOS game should i also try ?   Euro Truck Simulator  pretty damn well
[dragons dogma, the witcher]	I really want to love Demon/Dark Souls because the monsters, settings and lore are just so epic and awe-inspiring. However, i'm not that great at videogames and don't really have the patience to die over and over again. I'd like a game that has a similar dark fantasy setting and lore but which has easier combat or not much combat at all. I'd really like to have a focus on exploration and just taking in the epic world.   I don't mind high difficulty if the combat is turn based, because at least then I can take time to plan out my moves. I've been playing Demon's Souls but I just get so frustrated it's not fun at all. I'm still gonna try it but in the mean time i'd like something new.   Any suggestions? Thanks for reading. 
[infamous: second son]	As the title says I play mostly on PC as I can get better performance and games are usually cheaper. I've been itching to put my PS4 to use so I was looking for some suggestions on PS4 games that I can't or shouldn't just play on my PC. Are there any cross platform games that are better played on PS4 than PC?  As far as genre preferences I'm kind of all over the place - shooters, action adventure, fantasy, sci fi. So far on my PS4 I've played Uncharted , Until Dawn, Killzone Shadowfall and Everybody's Gone to the Rapture. Particularly I'm always looking for a good engrossing story. That might not give you much but if anything comes to mind please do share. THANKS!
[factorio]	Hey guys, so this is my first post on this side of Reddit and i am excited with what kind of games you guys come up! I'm looking for these kind of things (they do not have to tick all the boxes):   - Survival ( Wildernis, Zombies, Stranded on a deserted island)  - Basebuilding ( Like minecraft, Rimworld, State of decay those are cool)   - Some kind of combat would be cool but not necessary.  Here are some of the games i have played:   - Rimworld   - Minecraft   - State of Decay   - Stardew Valley    - Fort Zombie (Liked this very much)    - Terraria    - harvest Moon (Don't currently own a DS anymore sadly...)    - Don't Starve    - Dwarf Fortress    - Gnomoria   - The Forest   - Ark  Currently playing: The Long Dark.  Those are About all the games i can remember, i will add more if i remember them :)  Thanks in advance guys!
[kingdoms of amalur: reckoning, project zomboid, dragons dogma, path of exile, neo scavenger, unreal world, torchlight 2, titan quest, the witcher, grim dawn, factorio, diablo]	Hello, I am currently (always...) looking for new games to play, the last game that really caught my attention and made me "addicted" was Diablo III. I like atmospheric, open world games with loot, progression and unlocks. My most played games are:  1. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim 2. League of Legends 3. Mass Effect (trilogy) 4. DayZ 5. The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion 6. Minecraft (various mod packs) 7. Fallout 3 8. Borderlands 2 9. Fallout: New Vegas 10. Diablo III 11. Elite: Dangerous 12. Project Zomboid 13.  Call of Pripyat (MISERY Mod) 14. Fallout 4 15. NEO Scavenger  Thanks for any tips!  **EDIT**: Just to notify you, I have played a LOT of games (I own around 400 games on Steam), too many to list here, so I might have played some of your suggestions. Nevertheless, I appreciate all suggestions.  **EDIT 2**: ITT I was recommended a few games I haven't played before and I will have a look into those; Factorio, Wayward, Trove, Dragon's Dogma, The Culling, Morrowind and Marvel Heroes. Something tells me I will like Dragon's Dogma or Morrowind the most. I'll also have a second look at Path of Exile and Dying Light, and maybe, *just maybe*, try getting into Dark Souls again (although you'd literally have to be a masochist to enjoy that game, I reckon).
[heroes of the storm]	I'm a bit new to PC gaming, and I've been wanting to try some new genres and it seems like MOBAs are very popular. Only thing is I've looked up reviews and beginner guides etc and they all recommend to play with 4 of your friends being your whole team.  There are a few things though:  1- I don't even have 4 friends, only one of them even owns a PC.  2- The two of us are rarely online at the same time, so we never really play together.   So.... are there any MOBAs that can fun and played properly just with strangers? I'm not a very competitive person, I'd only be playing for the fun of it. 
[runescape]	So I am extremely into role play and love the genre of medieval/fantasy but my problem is most of the games i find don't allow me to just be a normal person. By this i mean i want to just be a peasant and run a farm or smithy. I'm a little tired of always being 1 of many heroes doing random quests.  So i'm just wondering if anyone as seen a game similar to this.  The key here is that there must be other players doing similar things where we can work as a community without having to form a group prior.  Games that I play (to help with suggestions):  - Skyrim  - Mount and Blade: Warband  - Banished  - Chivalry  Thanks for putting up with my amateurish post. It is my first post on any subreddit. Also I realize this is a very specific request so I expect few responses. 
[heart of darkness*]	I would consider myself a casual gamer- 38 yrs old with job and wife who tries to go to bed at a reasonable hour, etc.  I built a PC and use Steam and have a pretty solid rig I think so I can handle modern games.  I really like action-adventure type games, enjoy playing through/with a story, and feel much more comfortable with 3rd person than 1st person.  Games I enjoyed the most are Uncharted, the recent Tomb Raider, the entire Assassins Creed series, and The Witcher 3. I am looking for story-based games that mix plot and action. I'm not particularly good or patient so I'm not going to try Dark Souls or the like. Combat and "collectibles" are not interesting, but general exploration and plot-based main and side missions are.  The Wither 3 and Assassins Creed IV: Black Flag are pretty much perfect games for me in that regard. Give me a horse/ship, turn me loose in a big world of adventure, give me a game play mechanic that makes sense and is intuitive, and plot of some sort to progress through. (Should be noted that even though I suck at games, I beat Witcher 3 on hardest level because the game did a great job of "teaching" me how to play it and prepare for enemies).  I also would prefer recent games since I spent a bunch of money and time building my PC.  I am considering the Walking Dead games because I like the TV show but I'm afraid if there's to little action. I don't want to just walk around and press X, I want to play a game.  Recommendations?
[mass effect]	I'm really starving for an Action RPG right now, but since the only thing left for me is scraping the bottom of the barrel, I might as well turn to you for help.  Which of relatively recent (released in the last 6-7 years) Action RPGs that were considered either bad or mediocre by critics/reviewers would you recommend as "fun enough" and "not as bad it seems"?  A game that is by no means brilliant, but its pros either balance out or make the cons not stand out as much, letting you actually have some fun with it?   Thanks in advance for suggestions.
[vagrant story]	Recently I've been thinking about some of my old, favorite PS2 games. When I was a kid I played the fuck out of Kingdom Hearts, but now that I'm an adult I can't stand its plot or its art style (which is entirely to be expected- it's Final Fantasy meets Disney to a T, I just no longer like either of those)  Kingdom Hearts had a great blend of hack and slash gameplay with RPG depth in terms of equipment, spells and special abilities; it also had very important, very good verticality to its exploration and world. I've really been jonesing for something like that... but if I have to listen to some literal Micky Mouse shit again about the power of heart I'm liable to bite my own teeth out.  Are there any other games that play like Kingdom Hearts out there? Bonus points if it allows me to pick a character's class like a more western RPG. 
[etrian odyssey iv, dungeon crawl]	So I'm at this stage where I'm waiting for certain games to come out (Dark Souls 3 why are you making me wait) but right now I'm bored. There aren't a lot of games that I feel like playing right now. So I took some time to think about what kind of games I like a few years back.  Dark Chronicle/Dark Cloud 2. This must have the best RPG/dungeon crawler I have ever played. The game was great and engaging. The story was beautifully written. All in all it was a great game.  So I'm looking for an RPG that has kinda the same feel. And for those who know Dark Chronicle. Yes it has a town builder but that's not what I'm looking for.  What i liked about Dark Chronicle is how the level-up/progress system worked. This is something I really want to see in an RPG. Either be able to upgrade your weapon in to stronger versions or maybe put it in character statestics. And the dungeon crawl thing is a very important aspect aswell.    **Here are a few things that i have tried before:**  **-Recettear: An item shop's tale**  * It's a fun little game but the dungeon crawl aspect is not the major part of this game. It realies to heavily on the Shop Simulator aspect  **-Darkest Dungeon**  * Heard that it was a great game, so I tested it. And I didn't like it a bit (no hate i think the game is great). It's not something i see mysef playing for longer duration.   **-Dragon Quest**  * This felt a bit like Dynasty warriors, which are great games but not what I'm looking for right now.  **A list of elements I really like:**  * Progression system (preferably in terms of character stats, weapon stats. But can be skill tree's etc... aswell) * Gearing character (can be visible on appearance) * Single-Player * Dungeon Crawling (randomly generated, but doesnt have to be) * Story-driven * Real-time combat over turn-based (but both are okay in their own way)  **Things I'm not looking for:**  * Chaotic battles (like DragonQuest/Dynasty Warriors) * Games like diablo, path of exile, etc... * Roguelikes * RTS RPG's  So that's about it, a long list i know. But I've been looking for a while now, testing things here and there and never was actually satisfied maybe you guys can help me out.  I'd like to thank you all in advance!!!   TLDR; Dark Chronicle/Dark Cloud 2 clone (no town building needed, just the dungeon/progression element)
[plants vs zombies, insaniquarium, peggle]	I'm building my parents a PC, and at the moment can't quite afford to add a GPU. My mum likes to play Facebook games, she plays Gardens of time (I think) quite a lot.  However I'm thinking of try to introduce her to some other games, which is also why I've decided to build something a bit better than what they have.  At the moment it's just going to have a i3 4170, 8GB Ram. Will be looking to add a GPU (at the moment thinking GTX 750) in a month or so.  I'm thinking Stardew Valley would be a good one for her, but can anyone think of anything else?
[red orchestra, sniper elite]	Been replaying the WOLFENSTEIN series and having a blast killing Nazis in various ways. Looking for more games similar to them. Could also look on MobyGames and /v/ Recommended Wiki. I own all of the Wolfenstein games, at least the 3D ones since the series prior to it can be played as Abandonware. The Indiana Jones series; Battlefield 1942 including all expansions; Call of Duty 1, 2, World at War; The Saboteur; Day of Defeat; Medal of Honor (forgot exactly which I have); and I guess a few or several more. Also have the ROMHack of Bionic Commando where you're fighting Nazis. I've also been recommended Company of Heroes. Any ideas? (Also no 360 or PS3 exclusives.)
[brothers: a tale of two sons, ori and the blind forest, a story about my uncle, dust: an elysian tail, beyond good and evil, prince of persia , hand of fate, dark souls, darksiders, buckle up, firewatch, card game, grab it, myst]	Ever since I was 8 years old I have been a sucker for games where you follow through a story from start to finish and get from one area to the next. I wanna go on a journey. Obviously I've played a lot but wanna know if I've missed any. I can play anything besides PS3 or Xbox 360 pretty much  Games I've played of the sort:  Rayman 2  Zelda games  Rayman 3  Half Life 1, 2 and expansions  Metroid Prime series  Heavy Rain  Uncharted 123  The Last of Us  Bioshock Infinite  Mass Effect Trilogy  Dragon Age  The Witcher  Dreamfall: The Longest Journey  a few more, but in broad strokes those are the games.  I accept platformers, horror, RPGs, action/adventure and FPS. It must not be a mission-based game where you return to a hub and accept a mission to be done in the same map as the overworld. It has to be a journey that goes from start to finish somehow, taking you through a series of environments or levels. 
[cookie clicker]	So this is kind of a two pronged thing. Generally when i play games I'm also doing something else; watching movies, youtube vidoes or listening to podcasts. What im looking for are games that i can play while i do these as well and not have to be too invested, but also not just be little casual games.   For instance Skyrim is heavily story driven but i can just go out and explore/hunt/do side quests and not have to give it my faull attention. I'm looking for games that i can continue to play, not just a short 7 hour single player campaign type of game, side quests would be nice.  Things I've played/are playing: Rocket League, Elite Dangerous, Skyrim, Civilisation, Cities: Skyline, Sim city.  basically anything without a heavy handed story that you have to pay attention to at all times and that i can end up sinking a couple of hundred hours into etc
[skullgirls, out there]	I've played a few games over the years that were small, but extremely polished and clearly loved by the developer.  One not as well known example is One Finger Death Punch. They took a simple idea (the old stickman-style fights that people animated back in the day) and made it into an incredibly polished game that just feels so excellent to play.  Undertale also has this. Plenty of little details and love put into every nook and cranny.   What other games can you think of that are extremely polished and had a lot of love put into them?  Thanks!    
[guild wars 2]	The only real mmo I've ever played was Aion, and while it was really fun, there's nothing I hate more than having my screen filled with hotbars for abilities that I don't want to learn how to use and combos I don't care about. The problem then becomes that it is impossible for me to advance or pvp because I don't know how to use my character.  So here's my question: do any of you guys know of any mmos/mmorpgs that are simple, fun, and free? I'm not looking for anything like Runescape or anything. Preferably it would have been made within the last 5 years.
[mass effect, sci-fi]	Circumstances have me living with my parents for the next month and I would like to repay them. Since they both are gamers I thought I would buy them a new game.  My parents really enjoy Bethesda games and have both put several hundred hours into Fallout 4 and Skyrim.   They're also fans of The Walking Dead, but I don't know if they would enjoy the format of the Telltale games based on that series. I know my mom loves sci fi and fantasy and my dad likes hard sci fi and flight sims.  They own an Xbox one and have a medium spec Linux desktop as well as a Ps3.   I know it's not much to go on but maybe y'all can help me out.
[over the top, saints row]	I've played Portal and Portal 2 and Far Cry: Blood Dragon, but honestly like the voice overs, AI in a potato and hammy 80's graphics and story more than the gameplay in those games.  &amp;nbsp;  edit: /u/DutchGargravarr mentioned The Stanley Parable, which I also love (and I also loved The Beginner's Guide and Dr. Langeskov, The Tiger And The Terribly Cursed Emerald: A Whirlwind Heist).  &amp;nbsp;  Are there any games that have that sense of humor but are more story driven?   edit: Damn guys, thanks for all the responses. I'm not tearing up, it's just two bugs flew into my eyes at exactly the same time.
[rocket league]	tl;dr what are your go-to games for a LAN weekend?  Hi. A little bit of backstory:  For the last 10 years my buddies and I have had a ritual. Once a year we go to a remote cabin, set up our computers and for one wild weekend we play a lot of games and drink a lot of beer. A lot.  Thing is, we're essentially playing the same games we played back then. Okay, we upgraded to Dota 2 from the original and to Arma 3 from O:Flashpoint but we're still playing a lot of the old ones. As the cabin is in the highlands of Iceland it's always been an offline event. This year we might actually have some 4g coverage so there have been talks of *gasp* trying new games.  What we've been playing:  Swat 4: This game is hilarious after a few beers. Haven't found anything new that's quite like it.  Battlefield 2: Nothing quite like being 6 players defending against 100 angry bots. Any other games that have the few against the many?  Alien vs Predator 2: Angry rants because you've facefucked someone a few too many times? Happy happy fun fun. What's your favorite game for a few deathmatch rounds?  There's a few other like it but it's mostly revolved around shooters. Only strategy game that's stuck around is Civilization and it's really too big of a time vortex. So, which games would you recommend we try out this year, granted that we should be able to play them while pants-on-head drunk?
[ive]	When I bought Skyrim at 2013 (late i know), I played it like 6 hours a day. It was super fun just running around, exploring new places, feeling like a badass. I'm looking to recreate this feeling, but I've burnt out on Skyrim with 300 hours right now, after extensive modding.   A single player RPG in the fantasy genre, I don't know how to describe it anymore, sorry I'm bad at this. I've played stuff like Witcher 3, didn't bite for some reason, even though I thought I would've loved it. Stuff like Dark Souls 2 was too hard for me, I ended up getting frustrated too often, and I hated the feeling of struggling against every group of mobs. Shoot me up with some suggestions and I'll check them out, thanks.
[dungeon of the endless, etrian odyssey, etrian odyssey, roguelike, roguelike, sci-fi]	I'm referring to something along the lines of Diablo or Torchlight in setting. The whole game basically is going deeper and deeper into the dungeon. I can't think of any games like that other than those two.  I think the most likely place to look would be roguelikes, which I'm fine with, but a regular old RPG also works, or an action RPG, not too picky.   I also don't care if it's old or new, and I don't care about graphics. Don't care if it's isometric, first person, overhead, or whatever.  I would prefer a fantasy/medieval setting but if something outside of that really fits the criteria feel free to suggest it.  I would also like, if possible, to avoid too much humor. I want a more serious/dark tone. It doesn't have to be super dark, just not total satire either.
[infinifactory, spacechem]	Hello all!  Just as the title says. EDIT: Specifying "sci-fi" type of nerdiness. I guess. Kinda figured that was obvious given the games I listed.   Looking for another game to give me a good old fashioned nerd boner.  I have absolutely no fear of older games, even if it takes some work to get them running or they look "old" or "bad" by today's standards. Heck, MC1 was a isometric and from 1998 (18 years ago!) and I just played it last month and *loved* it.   Preferably something that's neither early access or an MMORPG. I like my single play campaigns. :)  EDIT: **Please god no survive/craft/build games. Minecraft, subnautica, etc. Burned out on them**  **Some games that have succeeded in the past:**  SOMA  MechCommander (1 + 2)  Kerbal Space Program  Mechwarrior (3, 4, :Online, Living Legends)  TIS-100  FTL (Though not a personal favorite due to RNG and that cheap boss)  Pony Island (If you haven't played it, you should)  I don't have the *best* computer, so stuff like Star Wars Battlefront are a little out of the picture. (Though I hadn't heard great things anyways)    
[minecraft]	what games (preferrably free or crafting games) have really a lot of items, weapons or enemies or things to do?  because for example terraria has a lot of enemies, weapons and items, but little biomes, dwarf fortress has a lot of animals but I don't like to die and start again from zero, minecraft has a lot of things to do but not a lot of items weapons and enemies, nethack has a lot of items weapons and enemies but I hate to die everytime and start again, the sims 4 and 3 have a lot of items but mainly they are the same in what they do, chairs, pcs, fridges etc, scribblenauts has a lot of items, really a lot, I'm totally satisfied in that sense but not a lot of interesting things to do with them if I already beat the levels
[guacamelee! super turbo championship edition, shantae: risky's revenge - director's cut, insanely twisted shadow planet, shantae and the pirate's curse, the binding of isaac: rebirth, valdis story: abyssal city, ori and the blind forest, crypt of the necrodancer, dungeon of the endless, diehard dungeon, darkest dungeon, bionic commando, nuclear throne, rogue legacy, risk of rain, spelunky hd, sunless sea, axiom verge, cave story+, teleglitch, teleglitch, in-between, la-mulana, galak-z, galak-z, unepic]	Title pretty much saids it all, I dont own any roguelikes and barely any good metroidvanias, but they must not be ugly, pixels are fine as long as they actually look good, one thing im kind of looking for is something to level between playthroughs instead of starting over with nothing, but im willing to overlook that if its still a really good rogue like thanks all!  Just an fyi I did briefly own ziggurat and was really dissapointed with it, the biggest thing was not being able to level anything between playthroughs, I may get it on sale but really its just an arena based game, maybe if it had a real story and levels I would of kept for full price.
[this game, this game, myst]	I have a friend who loved Myst (original) and I am almost certain she played the whole series up to Myst V. It is her birthday and I want to gift her something similar.  * Mysterious, very difficult quest &gt;:)   * She is not into violence and gore, so there shouldn't be any killing involved.   * Should look nice, but she has a mediocre  PC (for internets etc.), not sure if dGPU or iGPU, so let's assume an iGPU.  * Difficult, yes? Like, if you played Myst I you know what I mean. Not some point-and-click, nor something silly like Portal or Talos. No, has to be a real challenge!  * if there is a physical, collectors edition, better. It is a gift after all.  Looking forward to hearing your ideas!
[black desert]	Hello, people. I've played World of Warcraft a few months last year. Then i've left it, and some months later i've played again. I've tried another MMORPGs. Anyway, it began to dislike me. What thing in particular? I felt that this game was a bit "easy". Not "easy" as if it were an easy game, i mean it's simple to reach max level only completing some missions and some events are skipped unintentionally, beyond that they can be done even when they are not necessary, but I feel those missions aren't funny when one is a higher level more than adequate level for those still completing missions and much more easily. I don't know if i'm clear. I'm looking a game similar to WoW, his game mechanics, aggro sistems but with more difficults bosses, a bit more complex. Haha maybe I'm setting a high standard.  What about Forsaken World? I didn't try it out.  How about Crawfall, Black Desert, FF XIV, Dragon Nest, Knight Online? Any suggestion?
[rimworld]	Hey!  I love management type games but cant find one with the rights balance for me and i'm not sure if one even exists.  I'm not after Tycoon style games like the ones where you build a park, i'm more after games like 'Football manager 2015'. However i'm not a big sports fan so i was looking for something like that but not sport.  I've played Football manager 2014 but i found myself lost as i really know nothing about football and it felt like you really need to know your stuff if you want to do well, however the interface is great and it felt easy going back and forth between different areas of the game.  I've tried Age of Gladiators which was fun at first but i felt like there wasn't much depth to it, i defeated the first 3 bosses and then the next 3 was the exact same thing over and over again, however the theme was much better suited to me.  And most recently ive been playing TEW 2010 which almost hit the spot but feel like its overly complex and rather messy with multiple windows and no fullscreen mode, and setting up matches is a nightmare when you're having to open separate windows to follow story arcs and separate windows to view your wrestlers stats, etc, etc etc...  So is there anything else similar to these with easy to navigate interface, preferably non-sports and has a bit of depth to it?  Edit: Changed 'TES' to 'TEW'
[stardew valley, harvest moon]	I never really played Harvest Moon growing up and the first time I've ever played one was about 3 years ago. Sadly, it was Tale of Two Towns and Hometown Story... They were pretty shit, I'm not gonna lie. I want to try another Harvest Moon game for either DS or 3DS.  I know about Rune Factory and Innocent Life, I am looking into that. I know about Stardew Valley and though I know it's not a Harvest Moon game, people will still bring it up (see what I mean...)   Edit: ... Please stop telling me to play Stardew. One, I already have it. Two, I only wanted Harvest Moon series/Story of Seasons series recommendations. I understand Stardrew is more advance, but I'm looking or a hand held Harvest Moon.
[dragon's dogma, borderlands 2, saints row 3, dark souls, xcom2]	Guys, please suggest some good games. I don't mean to brag, but I have played many games and I can't seem to find good ones these days. **PC exclusive only. Please don't suggest online/multiplayer games. Didn't like AC series, Dishonored, Hitman etc. I am not good at stealth games :v Also, I am not into Telltale type games or the small games (i really don't know what those short games are called. Eg: Ori and blind forest, Monsters:Binding of Isaac )**   Completed games:  * NFS MW, U2 (Hated the NFS games after Shift) * Burnout Paradise * POP WW, T2T * Portal 1 and 2 * The Talos Principle * Mirrors Edge * Batman Arkham Series (2 or 3 of them) * Farcry 3 and 4 * Microsoft Flight Simulator X * Tomb Raider 2013 * Skyrim * Witcher 3 * GTA 4,5,San Andreas + DLCs * SuperHot * Outlast * BulletStorm * BioShock Infinite * FIFA 07-16 * Lego Marvel HP DC Avengers * Fallout 4 * Borderlands * Syndicate * Crysis 3 * AoE 2 * MK4,9,X * Sims 3 * Spiderman 2000,2,Web of Shadows * Splinter Cell Series * Alan Wake * L4D * FEAR 1,3 * Saints Row 4  * Prototype 1 and 2  * Sleeping Dogs  * Remember Me   Didn't like Dragon Age, COD, BattleField games for some reason.  I love single player games with long storylines. Nowadays I am hooked to online games like LoL, CS etc. but **I would love to go back to SP games.**
[flying tigers, system shock, system shock]	Hi everyone! I am looking for good kickstarter/indie studios to keep an eye on in the coming months.   I recently backed [Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night](https://, nicknamed Igavania, and also recently found [Battlechasers](http:// which I am thinking of backing as well.   I make a habit of avoiding Steam Greenlight because it is hard to sort the wheat from the chaff there. There are too many visual novels and RPGMaker games, or very raw Unity games, that it makes it hard to find anything outstanding.   So if anyone has any good suggestions for studios or kickstarters (or any other backer programs) to keep an eye on, please post them!  Games/studios I have enjoyed that aren't AAA- Supergiant games, State of Decay, Torchlight (1 and 2), SPAZ, Iron Brigade, Defense Grid, Binding of Isaac, Agarest - a pretty good smattering of stuff from all over.   Note - Love Minecraft/Terrerria, hate minecraft clones. Dunno what it is, but the voxel clones don't really do it for me. I wanted to mention this because it seems that there are a LOT of them out there, especially in early development or indie releases, however if something is really good, totally willing to give it a shot!
[factorio]	I am a working college student, the head of a student community and also am in a demanding relationship(not that I'm complaining, the opposite). The time I have for gaming is very, very little; and the  "lack of chills" have been taking its toll, both on my body and mind.  I have a few hours tops spread over every 3-4 days for games, and sometimes my entire Saturday. I love games that allow me to progress slowly, make decisions, harvest their fruits, building things in a castle, base, ship etc and facing the consequences of what I chose to built, web based stat grinding games that involve decision making. I love leading, and having a clear view of my subjects, buildings, etc.  So far I have played: Dragon Age: Awakening and Inquisition, Mass Effect 2, All Total War games, Civ V, Banner Saga(my favourite), Managed a garrison in WoW(it was shit), Various text based web games about leading armies, making commerce decisions etc., A very old game the name of which I totally forgot, that involved you leading a Clan in a fantasy world(lots of management decisions), Various Tycoons, Civ Beyond Earth.   Anything that you can recommend? I have been hearing about Tropico 4(5 apparently sucks) and Endless Space/Legend, also GalCiv 3.
[day trader, eve online]	I was the typical WoW nerd in middle and high school. WoW is still decent, but ive played every class so many times it just doesn't interest me anymore past the new expansion which only lasts a month or two of new content. I played Lord of the Rings Online and enjoyed that, but again ive played it too much. As a younger kid i enjoyed old school runescape a lot, now im just looking for something i haven't played before. i dont have a super awesome computer so no DayZ or anything like that but im open to pretty much any MMO. i dont have a TON of extra time so maybe something that will still work slightly casually would be nice, but i can log in at least an hour or two a day so it doesn't have to be maple story or anything like that. the social aspect of a game is a big deal to me, and i feel like WoW's social community has died a lot. any suggestions?
[siralim]	I have a very specific vision in mind for a game I want to play and was hoping that I could get some suggestions.   I want a single player fantasy RPG where I can go to town, buy gear at shops, and go to a local tavern or inn to either buy food, hear rumors, or even just hang out and get immersed.  After that I can head out and go to some caves, dungeons, catacombs, etc. and look for treasure and glory!  It doesn't have to be open world but it wouldn't hurt.  Here's a bit about some of the games I already thought about:  * **Oblivion:** Fits perfectly, but I've played it a lot before. I don't mind playing again but I'm really looking forward to trying something new.  * **Baldur's Gate:** I'm not sure if this fits or not. I haven't played it much, and though it nails the towns/taverns, I don't know if there are a lot of caves/dungeons to explore (I would think so, since it's *Dungeons* &amp; Dragons, but some confirmation of this would be great!).  * **Diablo &amp; Torchlight:** These will not work. Though they nail the dungeon crawling, the town is just too basic, not enough to get immersed in, everyone just stands outside and sells stuff, no inns to go into, not many citizen NPCs to talk to, etc.  Hope to hear some suggestions soon, thanks!
[democracy 3]	I've played extensive amounts of the paradox games (CK2, EU4, VIC) and civ 5, but I really want to play a modern focused game that is a really deep and complex political or economic simulator. I've been looking and honestly the selection looks pretty sparse. Can anyone give me some recommendations? Also, I've been looking at Geopolitical Simulator 3 (Masters of the World), and it looks interesting, but it's gotten some bad reviews. Can anyone who has played it give me some insight to how worth it the game is?
[sniper elite 3, metal gear, shit game]	Hey guys, I just rewatched American Sniper and it's given me an itch for a highly realistic sniping game (not the biggest fan of Eastwood's political opinions but I can't deny it has some great sniper action). I'm looking for a game with realistic ballistic dynamics, with minimal action filler. I know about ARMA, but I'd like something with a bit more focus than those games, but with a high degree of realism.   Modern is preferred but I do know of the WW2 series that I might be interested in. I played Sniper Elite V2in that series but I didn't like the weak run and gun stuff thrown in 
[the witcher]	Hello, /r/gamingsuggestions.  Since 2012, I've been playing on my work laptop(DELL Inspiron 7520-6617). It's a good piece of hardware, and I was able to run almost anything I wanted to try, but it was, most of the times, a lagfest on low settings.  Today, I finally got a proper PC(4GB GTX 770, i7-4770K, 32GB RAM, SSD etc)  What games of past 2-3 years I absolutely must play now? I want to really be blown away with a nice graphics, uninettupted flow of game etc.   Would be grateful for good rpg advice, and I have to say i can not into FPS
[shadows of mordor]	So, I've been replaying Metro recently, and I'm coming to realize that the levels I love are the ones with stealth options. The thing is that I still want to be able to take out bad guys without penalty.  Basically, I guess I'm looking for an "infiltrate X and take out everyone without getting caught type game.  &amp;nbsp;  &amp;nbsp;   Relevant IPs I've already played a bunch or didn't like:  * Deus Ex (Probably my favorite series, but I've overplayed them) * Dishonored (Overplayed it) * Splinter Cell (Never liked it) * Hitman (Overplayed) * Mark of the Ninja (Liked it, no desire to replay)   Thanks in advance, Reddit.
[metal gear solid, mirrors edge, cqc, cqc]	Hey guys, are there any other good games out there with great close-up CQC combat (preferably with fist fights and QTEs)? I am not looking for the usual fighting games such as Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat though. Some examples of the elements I am looking for are present in:  1) The Bourne Conspiracy for Xbox 360  Lots of close-up CQC in this one. When the enemies start to use special attacks, you have to press some QTEs to avoid the hits.  2) Hitman Absolution for PC  The fist fights in the game are basically mini QTE games. There's also a special close-up fist fight with one of the bosses in the game.  3) The Witcher 2 Close-up QTE fist fights (when you escape the prison, etc.)  Other examples include the Yakuza series, God Hand, Dead to Rights Retribution, Shenmue series and Sleeping Dogs.  Thanks a bunch! 
[ftl: faster than light, diablo 3, duelyst]	BACKGROUND: I recently faceplanted off my bicycle coming home from work, fracturing my left wrist and breaking my front teeth (for nightmare fuel pics, check out my GoFundMe page here. The big boss at my work says they can't have me working while I'm a cast, even though my job only consists of sitting at a compute formatting advertising. I will be in this cast for at least four weeks. I'm spending most of my time looking for work to make up for lost revenue, but in my off time I'm finding my gaming choices very limited and I need suggestions as to what I can play. Since I'm not getting paid right now I have to find free alternatives. I need the distraction while I recover since I'm stuck at home. I'm right-handed, can work the mouse with no problem, and cab type one-handed.  GAMING HISTORY: I've been a gamer since the first Pong machine showed up at my local pizza joint when I was seven. I progressed from the 2600 console to a Commodore 64. Later a relative sat me down in front of his 486 and introduced me to Doom which hooked me into PC gaming as the superior format ever since. Up until the accident I was mainly playing CS:GO (still a Silver 1, but I enjoy the gameplay). I enjoy first-person shooters in all shapes, but am open to most kinds of games. I've played CCGs (I have Hearthstone, and I used to love Etherlords II), adventure (LucasArts and Sierra classic gameplay), turn-based strategy, early real-time strategy (which does't seem likely given my condition), RPGs and JRPGs (I loved Stick Of Truth) and I'm open to any new ideas.  EQUIPMENT: I have a late 2011 Mac laptop with maxed out RAM with a Windows Bootcamp partition (The Mac side is for my graphic design work; the Windows side is for games). I have a Steam (id: kumeelyun, nickname: DamnSpiffy) and GOG (kumeelyun) and Blizzard accounts.  tl;dr I'm a PC gamer stuck at home with a fractured left wrist trying to find games I can play with one hand. If there's any way you can help I'd really appreciate it! And if you are going to make jokes about operating a computer with one hand, please do! The more creative the better!
[dying light, fuck you, you up]	So I have played a lot of zombie games over the years. What I'm looking for, if it even exists, is a game where the zombies aren't just brainless cannon fodder but pose an actual threat. Where one or two of them can spell your doom if they catch you on the wrong foot.   Basically where they are like cinema or TV zombies rather than action game enemies. __________________________________________________  I loved State of Decay but it was too easy in my opinion. The cars were overpowered and other than Breakdown levels 8+ the zombies didn't really pose a threat.   Project Zomboid was great as well and possibly the game that would fit my description the best.  I'm also looking to play Dead Island (again) and Dying Light (for the first time), although they are obviously Shoot 'n' Loots with their own genre-specific restrictions.  If you have any other suggestions they would be highly appreciated.
[silent hill 2]	Hi guys and girls, Can someone help me find some really great games? I'm looking for ps1, ps2, ps3, psp video games that have DEEPER meaning. Examples would be: **The Last Of Us**, **Bioshock** series, **Deus Ex** series, **Max Payne** series, **Metal Gear** series, **Heavy Rain**, **Tomb Raider (2013)**...  Basically games for intelligent grown ups with really GREAT STORY, GREAT CHARACTERS that are real life beings and not some bulky stupid Rambos. What are some games that left you depressed when credits rolled in?  Looking forward to all your answers.  God speed.
[star wars: empire at war, war of the ring, battle realms, fantasy games, earth 2140, starcraft, sci-fi]	I prefer fantasy and sci-fi over pure historical strategy, and while more extensive unit controls are good, completely absent basebuilding isn't really.  I've beaten or played enough to not want to play any more:  All of Dawn of War  Warcraft  Dune 2  All of Command &amp; Conquer   Age of Empires  Age of Mythology  Star Wars age of empires clone  Empire Earth   Perimeter  Hated Grey Goo, other petroglyph games bore me also  Submarine Titans   Rise of Nations  Rise of Legends  Total Annihilation   Supreme Commander  Homeworld  ORB  Haegemonia legions of iron  Heroes of Annihilated Empires
[metal gear solid]	I've been revisiting FPSs in the last few weeks and I found that I really like games with a certain kind of stealth element. I'm not a huge fan of "stealth games" where all the emphasis is on not getting caught and slow-paced methodical gameplay, but I do enjoy replaying the outpost capture missions in Farcry 3 and 4.  Another game that gives me the same feeling that I enjoy is Payday 2. Specifically the first day of the "Big Oil" mission. Usually the game is set up so that the player can only eliminate 4 guards because of a walkie-talkie system, but this mission allows the player to continue to take out all enemies. So I guess what I was wondering was if anyone has found a faster-pace stealthy FPS that fills this description?
[stardew valley]	Hiya reddit,   I was wondering if you could help me with a game for my nephew. Ideally it'd be something with a fair bit of contrast in the colours (he has bad eyesight and so he struggles to distinguish from the fifty billion shades of grey and brown of a lot of games), turn-based so he can take his time with it, and something with a low learning curve so it's not overwhelming. He likes cars, he likes fighting, he likes building, if that helps? I've tried to get him on pokemon as I figured it'd be kinda perfect for him but he's not wild on it, I think because he used to play pokemon with his mum and it makes him sad. If there's any 'pokemon-likes' on the pc I imagine he might like them? I don't know. The main thing would be turn-based, if need be I can point stuff out to him if it's tough to see. Thanks for your help reddit!
[starcraft]	I've been playing a shit ton of AOE2 lately. Heck not even the HD version just the standard 2002 game and I fucking love it. This is mostly because I play it with friends and I find it really balanced and has a shitton of replay value.  I used to play a ton of warcraft III back in the day however there is no signs of a warcraft IV ever hitting the market.  Never really got into starcraft and I think it might be past its prime.  Civ games are just not my thing I need the "action" part of the game, turn based makes it feel more like a board game.  Anyway hope some of you can help me out.  [EDIT]: might have come across as though I only like the battling part of RTS's which is not the case I also love expanding my economy faster than my opponent. So please don't shy away from suggesting all type of action RTS's even if they take a while to get into the "action".
[her story]	So, I've just started playing Black Desert Online, and its taking up a lot of my time, but occasionally they'll take down their servers for 5 hours for maintenance (Don't know what they need five hours for, maybe they rebuild the servers) and seeing as they're brought down during prime gameing time in Australia (usually around 7/8pm to 1am) I'm usually left with not much to do.   I started looking around on Steam for some interesting games that I thought I might enjoy, and a few caught my eye such as Deadbolt, but when I went to look at it, I kind of couldn't see much point. I'm kind of over the pixel-art based hyper violence. The only games where I really enjoyed that were Hotline Miami (RIP Australian version of HM2) and to an extent Risk Of Rain (it didn't feel hyper violent tbh). I think a large part of why I liked Hotline Miami was its interesting story.   So I guess that's what I'm really looking for. Smallish games (they can be longer, I'll just take longer to play them I guess) with interesting and intriguing stories. I like interesting characters too that aren't cutouts.   Here are some games that I've played recently that I've enjoyed: * Firewatch (despite a dissapointing ending, I really enjoyed the setting and the environment of the game. Plus the characters felt real)  * Undertale (I loved how I could go peaceful or forceful. The characters in this game were incredibly loveable and memorable. Plus the music was great)  * Gone Home (I haven't played this for a long time actually, but I remember enjoying it a lot, especially how the narrative was delivered).  * Hotline Miami (Just great combat, music, story)  * Hacknet (This game was interesting. The story was kind of forgettable, but it had an interesting setting that intrigued the computer nerd side of me.)  * Limbo (Again, haven't played this for a while, but this was a lot of fun.)  * The Portal games. (These aren't exactly short, but I wouldn't call them long either. I like how these games infused puzzles with interesting characters.)  * Thomas Was Alone (incredible memorable characters with very intriguing story and challenging puzzles sometimes.)   Hopefully this post wasn't too long, but I kind of wanted to help people give the best possible suggestions.  Thanks :)  Ninja Edit: Just in case it wasn't obvious, PC games only please :)
[suikoden ii]	Platforms I have available to me  * PSV * PSP (modded, basically means emulators NES/SNES, PS1 games) * PS1 * PS2 * PS3 * Samsung Galaxy S4 (fully rooted, can run emus, have a controller as well as an MHL cable to play it on TV) * Nintendo DS (modded/flashcart) * No PC (just laptop that can barely run anything with HD2000 Intel graphics)  I feel as if I need to take my mind off things and then after finishing the said game/JRPG I'll have a clearer view on things that are occupying my mind atm. Not sure if I'm making the most sense but I am sure some of you are familiar with what I'm talking about.  When I say "Deep", I mean story-heavy JRPGs, think Xenogears for example, not "deep" stylistically like for instance Nocturne would be. I've played most of the games that there are to be played on the PS1 when it comes to JRPGs, other than Suikoden II, Grandia, Treads of Fate or whatever its called. Is Suikoden II worth playing if I've only played I and V ages ago? Does it help with what I need? **My all time favorites are SaGa Frontier 2, Breath of Fire IV (III is a close contender) and Valkyrie Profile**  I'm leaning towards playing Parasite Eve for the first time, or replaying Digital Devil Saga properly this time around (only played 2 up until the final dungeon, never bothered with 1 for more than 3 hours), or Chrono Trigger on the DS after 2400AD (basically haven't played for more than 2 hours).  Earthbound is also a recommendation my friend made and I've heard great things about it.  I've played Chrono Cross this summer, quite extensively (50hrs clocked)  and it had an effect on me for about a month, so I'm looking for something that's about that length, few hours less maybe if possible. Also last JRPG I've finished was FFX HD Remastered a month ago, and other than a few things before the ending, didn't really feel a whole lot.  I'm looking for that type of stuff like a book you'd read as a kid/teen that would change your view on things, if you get what I'm saying.
[the walking dead, the walking dead, life is strange, life is strange, mass effect, gone home, oxenfree]	I recently played through Oxenfree and absolutely loved it. A little while back I played Life is Strange and also adored it. I'm currently looking for more games like this (charming characters, intriguing plot, choice in dialogue, "meaningful" decisions).   I've already played almost all the recent Telltale Games (The Walking Dead Seasons 1 &amp; 2, The Wolf Among Us, Tales From the Borderlands).  The games don't need to play like Telltale/LiS/Oxenfree, they can be basically any genre (though preferably no point and click a-la Grim Fandango).  Controller support is preferred.   Also not exactly similar, but some other games that come close to what I want but have already played:  &gt;Undertale, LISA, South Park: The Stick of Truth, Gunpoint, The Witcher 2 &amp; 3, Bastion, Transistor,  Thomas Was Alone, D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die, and Pony Island  And I'm probably about to buy Firewatch too, despite hearing that the ending was a bit disappointing.  Sorry this post was long winded. I just feel like I've exhausted a lot of what's out there. 
[rocket league, perfect match, 15 minutes]	I spend most of my gaming time playing old favourites: Borderlands, Civilization V, Sacred 2 and Skyrim.  Between stints on one of these, I play something new.  Usually RPGs, but occasionally an FPS or strategy game.  I am bad at strategy games, so play them on low difficulty.  I am looking for something a little different, probably a different genre.  Not a 'main' game that I invest days or weeks into.  Something I can play for 15 minutes, or an hour.  Something I can play once or twice a week, without losing momentum or track of the story.  I have poor reaction times these days, so something of a slower pace, possibly turn-based.  Not a simple puzzle game (eg Bejewelled), as I prefer a sense of progression rather than simple high score chasing.  I do not own any modern consoles and have not found mobile gaming to appeal, so PC is what I am left with.  I have tried numerous Roguelikes, as they seemed like a good fit, but the genre is too hardcore for what I am looking for.  If I want hard, I could play Dark Souls.  I am looking for something less intense.  I tried a few Tower Defence games, but get bored of them pretty quickly.  I have tried a few different Shm'ups, but they do not grab me at all.  I know I would not be interested in racing or sport games, as I do not enjoy watching the real thing :P
[warcraft 3]	I remember as a kid watching my step dad play this game about either Orcs or goblins? Or both..? Anyways, it was like Orcs Vs Humans (Or something) And you built bases and stuff to attack. Im pretty sure its single player and at some point in the game there's an option to play the orcs/goblins ( Which are the 'bad guys' ). I remember there was a point in the game where the goblin team would get bloody? I'm not sure if it was out of rage or because they were close to death? I wanna say its a pc game but the only other two consoles I know we had was a Gamecube and a Playstation. The graphics weren't super bad ( I think, I'm going off of what I remember ) And if I just saw some pictures of the game I'm sure I'd know if it was the game. I think my step dad hooked his laptop up to the tv and would play it that way. I remember you had to command certain parts of your army to attack and you had to defend as well. My mother is no longer with said step dad so I'm unable to ask him for the name of the game. The game had to have been made before 2006-2007. Any suggestions would be great because not knowing is really killing me and I've wanted to play it for years and have only just now taken action into trying to find it. c:
[maximus]	I've been having a lot of fun with Bloodborne, I'm a huge fan of the Souls games in general having beat all of them, and the one thing that they have in common is that through the weapon/build system they can together with the combat system offer a lot of replayability. They are really one of the only games I have played where I just dive into NG+ or restart a new character immediately after completing them, instead of just feeling finished with the game. Trying new weapons or character builds and playstyles is a lot of the draw for me in these types of games.  So I'm looking for other games where people have had this feeling of just infinite replayability in a singleplayer game, trying new things, just wanting to go again after beating it, etc. I realise this is highly subjective but just seeing where other players have found this kind of experience would be interesting. It doesn't necessarily have to be an action RPG but I feel like most of the games that offer what I'm looking for has some sort of ability to customize the players character or playstyle in some way atleast.
[call of juarez: gunslinger, the stanley parable, the talos principle, the tiny bang story, the whispered world, flight simulator x, super mario galaxy, knytt underground, thomas was alone, age of empires 2, prince of persia, adventure games, adventure games, adventure games, il-2 sturmovik, rayman origins, the silent age, stronghold hd, puzzle quest , giana sisters, world of goo, patrician iv, the dark eye, kingdom rush, project cars, action games, broken sword, mass effect, machinarium, botanicula, gt legends, this game, minecraft, far cry 3, race cars, windosill, caesar 3, memoria, tetris , step up, tropico, sci-fi, sci-fi, crysis, diablo, diablo, hanse, myst, fsx]	Good way to get an older person interested in gaming?  He said hes starting to get bored and he knows how I occupy my spare time so he asked me to set him up. I really wanna take this seriously for him. He said money isn't a problem and he'd buy whatever he needed.   I want it to be a good learning experience but not have it be too overwhelming. Some kind of slow paced shooter or hack/slash could be  perfect. I was originally thinking Skyrim but definitely too big a leap. An FPS campaign maybe?   Hopefully something where he wouldn't get rekt right off the bat lol.  Anyhow I'd love your advice, you guys are great!
[escape velocity, endless sky]	Hello! I was hoping you guys could help me find a cool space game for me to play.  I have kerbal space program, but felt it was a bit too mechanic heavy- I had a hard time making things and blasting off. Granted- this was when the game was in its very early stages- I just haven't felt the need to revisit.   I greatly enjoyed SPAZ (space pirates and zombies). It got me on all aspects- story, gameplay, comedy... it was amazing.  I have checked out EVE:online- subscriptions seem to be not my thing, and it seems very unfriendly to beginners, and much like kerbal- very mechanic heavy. I feel like you gotta have a space phd for that game!  I also am checking out Elite:Dangerous. I am worried about the mixed reviews on steam- a lot of people are saying it lacks depth. the fact I have the HTC VIVE coming in may/june also makes me want to get this game, as its vr compatible.   TL:DR- what space game should i get if I enjoyed SPAZ but didn't quite like kerbal?  Thanks for reading!
[final fantasy xiv, 15 minutes, hard core, to leave, pick-up, ffxiv, ffxiv, ffxiv, ffxiv]	Wife just quit a game she was playing most of her free time and now she has kind of a "hole" in her free time we're trying to fill... she found Final Fantasy XIV and wanted us to play together but I am afraid to go into MMORPG because they can be timesinks, I love the community aspect of MMOs, meeting people, collaborating with others, but I'm not young enough anymore to play as much as MMOs require you to play... yeah, you can say "I will play casually", but it always "drags" you ... "Oh I am just in this perfect party now to do that hard elite quest, I have to take this opportunity, I can't quit now"  etc  So we're looking for something, it could even be a MMO, but one that is extremely casual player friendly, maybe GW2?   But it doesn't have to be an MMO. I remember long time ago we played Minecraft on a private server and we enjoyed it! So it doesn't have to be MMO  Sorry for not being specific with this request, problem is, I don't really know what we want.   Usually my wife enjoys the idea of having a character, a female one of course, and she's happy if she can customize it and make it look cute.   As for me, the best online game exp. I had in my whole life was Ultima Online, by far... I loved the freedom it offered. I loathe the pre-scripted "kill 5 hob goblins and return to me" quest system games we have today.   I'm also reading about survival games and various sandboxy games.... I found Stardew Village it looks interesting, but I see it has no multiplayer yet.   Is there some good survival game out there that has good multiplayer?  So I guess the description would be "casual friendly maybe sandboxy game that has some freedom in which one can also create a cute character"?   I guess it's not much of a description... anyway ANY feedback at all is GREATLY appreciated, I'm open to all suggestions, I was away from games A LONG TIME and I see my wife really misses playing games and I want to make her happy as I see she wants us to play something together  Thank you all! I was surprised to see a WHOLE subreddit just for game suggestions. Reddit is amazing. 
[battleblock theatre, unholy heights, stardew valley, slime rancher, minecraft]	I'm looking for PC games which I can play local or online co-op with my fiancee, who has a very stressful job and is not interested in any additional gaming stress. Ideally no enemies, no danger, and no dark themes. Examples are games like [ibb and obb](http://, [Never Alone](http://, and of course Portal 2, which were basically perfect but we're looking for more.   Games I'm planning on trying include Battleblock Theater, Rocket League, and Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime. Are there any others which I'm missing? Open to older games as well!
[system shock 2]	Hello once again.  This time, I'm looking for a fairly easy to find kind of game I presume (Because I didn't really know what words to use to find them myself).   I'm talking about a game that is set in a world in which either robots, or an AI or something like that take over the world or something similar. Doesn't have to be horror game.   Please, something with at least decent graphics.  Like, maybe System Shock is a candidate for this request, but I'm going to be honest, I'm never going to play a game that looks like that for more than 3 minutes.  So yeah, shoot away!
[harvest moon, farm life, pick up]	I thought that the Sims 2's console version was a clearly superior gaming experience to all the other versions. For a really simple reason: you got to control the character personally. Moving them around like an actual character in a game seemed to give so much more context to your actions, and it made me care about playing it.  What's a good followup if I loved that kind of play? Are there any good lifestyle simulation games that aren't... The Sims? (I really wanted to like the other ones, but they just felt sterile somehow. Hard to explain.)
[neverwinter nights, frozen synapse, icewind dale, dnd]	PC  Hello, I'm looking for a game that I could play with a friend overseas. We're going to have possibly a few hundred ping to each other, and need a game that will still be fun for both of us. I figure this will be mostly limited to turn-based games, and I've had Civ V in mind because of it, but not much other than that. If there are any action or adventure games that cater to a terrible connection, those would be great too.  *Also please nothing that's extreeeemely difficult! Challenging is okay if it has a good learning curve, and casual is just as good, too.  Thanks!
[dark souls]	Hello all,  I've sunk hundreds of hours into Skyrim, but I'm getting to the point where Skyrim can't really offer me what I'm looking for any more, even with mods. The combat is too easy and kind of clunky, and the story leaves some to be desired (and you can't only play through any story so many times before it gets boring).  I'm looking for a Steam game that's set in a fantasy world where the combat is smoother and has a higher skill cap, incorporating things like dodging / rolling, sword forms / styles, and possibly even locational damage.  I've given the Witcher (1) a try, and though the sword styles were nice, from what I played you just picked your style and then timed your m1 clicks, which was kind of boring. A good (non-fantasy) example of what I'm looking for is something like Sleeping Dogs, which had a fairly complex combat system as well as an engaging story.  Thanks for any suggestions :)
[south park: the stick of truth, star wars: the old republic, tales from the borderlands, tales from the borderlands, deus ex: human revolution, dragon age: inquisition, mass effect trilogy, dragon age: origins, dragon age: origins, bioshock infinite, the wolf among us, the wolf among us, kingdom hearts ii, the walking dead, resident evil 4, game of thrones, life is strange, life is strange, life is strange, the last of us, final fantasy, final fantasy, mass effect 3, mass effect 3, rollercoaster, mass effect 2, mass effect 2, mass effect 2, mass effect 2, you will die, dragon age 2, psychonauts, the witcher, the witcher, dark souls, dark souls, heavy rain, eve online, this game, this game, this game, this game, this game, this game, fallout 3, kotor, kotor, kotor]	I'm planning on either playing Oblivion (I played it when I was younger and remember it fondly but never played it seriously and only did one questline) or Valkyrie Chronicles (I've never played it).  So I'm looking for a good story heavy game that I can get lost in. I've played plenty of open world RPG games that just end up a bit grindy (M&amp;B:W, Skyrim, Fallout 3/4, Dragons Dogma).  Preferably an RPG, preferably something where I can get lost in the mechanics of the game just as much as the characters/plot, but these aren't super required.  Essentially I just want a game that I can devote myself to that won't get boring after around 100+ hours.  EDIT: Please stop recommending Mass Effect, some scars never heal...
[crimson skies: high road to revenge, xbox]	Hello,  I recently acquired an Xbox and a PlayStation 2 after selling mine and all of my games a long, long time ago. Of course, back then I was a kid and I wanted the latest and greatest, but now I want to experience those older games again. I would love some suggestions for games for either console. Any game works, too, because I have a terrible memory so it will be like playing them for the first time again.  Here are the games I have already picked up in no particular order:  PS2:    Shadow of Rome   Gun   Tenchu: Wrath of Heaven   Mark of Kri      Xbox:  Kingdom Under Fire: The Crusaders   Prince of Persia   PoP: Warrior Within   PoP: The Two Thrones   Ninja Gaiden   Legacy of Kain: Blood Omen 2   Oddworld: Stranger's Wrath  &amp;nbsp;  There really aren't any limits on suggestions as I like every genre except racing games. Any and all suggestions would be very much  appreciated.    &amp;nbsp;  Thank you.
[planescape: torment, pillars of eternity, baldur's gate, mass effect, kotor]	Little backstory. The first RPG that I ever played to end was Dragon Age: Origins, which set the bar pretty high. Since then I haven't experienced writing that's struck me all that much. When I play the newer "RPG" games (Skyrim, Fallout 4, DA: Inquisition), I can't help but feel both bored and dead inside. It feels like nothing matters, and it doesn't help that the entire story is basically linear and you don't feel like any of your decisions impact anything. In Fallout you're pushed into making the decisions that the game wants you to make, like a bad DM that tells you you're compelled without giving you a roll to save. Inquisition... pretty much the same thing. Sometimes the dialogue choices don't warrant a different response from the person you're talking to. It feels like a brick wall. Skyrim... doesn't want to run with the mods I want to make it playable, even with some serious load-order fiddling and mod-culling.   Okay, so more about what I'm looking for in a game:  - Companions that you can care about. Hopefully with a lot of dialogue, but it's all right if not.   - When you say "Fuck off" to NPCs &amp; quest-givers, you get "fuck off" back, not "Oh, okay, but we're still here if you change your mind" and a quest marker that tells you to come back and take your quest. (Might not be achievable, but god damn I wish this was a common thing.)  - People will judge you for the decisions you make.   - Hack-and-slash combat need not be necessary, but neither would I like spells and abilities that are so complicated I have to get a manual to be able to get it to work.   - Either a very long story line or a game with HUGE replay value.   - "Humble beginnings" options would be nice. I would really like to be able to roleplay and pretend I'm a merchant or a peasant, etc.  - A range of moral decisions with a lot of grey and much less black and white. I like when characters ask me what the hell my motives were.   - Graphics are not a concern of mine. In fact, kick-ass graphics kill my laptop a bit - I will never be able to achieve 30 FPS, let alone 60 FPS with these new games. I've got 16GB of ram though, which is nice.   Outside of that, I will play basically anything I can get my hands on. I'm not *super* willing to pay much money because of a serious caution and worry that I won't get enough enjoyment out of the game for it to be worth it. That said, for something that looks like an awesome solution after a little research on my part, I'm willing to pay up to about $60. I just really hope I won't have to. I'm not exactly rich.  
[street fighter v]	Often times I like see video games for more than just the fun factor and time sinks. I get all super analytical about the experience, the complicated stuff surrounding how we enjoy games, how games express ideas, etc. And whenever I check out a review or critique, I like to see the critic be more articulate about the game in question rather than just "gameplay is good. 10/10."  So I was wondering if any of you would know some YouTube channels that scratch that itch.  Here's what I already enjoy and hoping to find more of.  * TotalBiscuit * Super Bunnyhop * Extra Credits * HyperBitHero * Angry Centaur Gaming * BriHardGaming * Matthewmatosis 
[world war 1, victoria 2]	I really like The Sims because I get to plan out their careers and build a legacy but I don't care about micro managing their peeing schedule.   I really like Civ for all the reasons except it's always just a race to win conditions  I like Anno well enough but it's pretty shallow. Factorio is amazing but shallow in the same way (love the organization of production lines, that part is not at all shallow)  I like Total War as well, but of course, it's mostly about war and there's not enough management of society.   Black and White was great too, but I'm craving something a little more adult feeling.   Stardew Valley is fun, but I'm tired of all the running around. So much traveling around.   I've played a few others, but those are the big names so we can avoid those suggestions. Any other options out there that have in depth management of society? 
[out there, albion]	When I was a kid, a friend and I played a shitton of an old DOS game called "Machiavelli: The Prince" - actually a remake of a game called Merchant Prince, as I've since learned.  Anyway, the gist of it and the core loop I'd love to find again is that you would sail around the world to different cities and see the markets in those cities for various goods. You could then set up a trade route to deal in those goods - say, a boat that would buy glass in Cairo and sail it to London, where it would sell off the cargo and buy wool, which it would then sail back to Cairo and repeat the loop. You made more money if you could find the shortest (and sometimes safest) routes with the highest payoffs.  The game also had a bunch of political elements, and it's great to have something to eventually spend your money on besides more ships, but it's really the trading and market-analysis that I'm interested in.
[magicka]	Hey, /r/gamingsuggestions. I love games, books, movies, anything, with any kind of magic in it. I enjoyed [Destiny](https://, playing as a warlock; but I'm searching for a game that ticks these boxes:  - High quality  - Involves and rotates heavily around magic  - Not completely necessary, but one which involves character development  I am a newcomer to the gaming world, constantly overwhelmed by the mass of the games out there, the effort put into making them, playing them, and improving the playtime of others. I would really appreciate any recommendations that relate to what I'm looking for.  Thank you!  Edit: I have an Xbox One &amp; iMac.
[civ, civ, civ]	Hello,  I have a 4 month old who is going through a phase where she gets extremely cranky if sat down for more than 5m at a time. Hoping to find a game I can play primarily with just a mouse, some use of the keyboard is fine but it should be uncommon. I love games with progression and RPG elements, but I really dislike tactical or strategy RPG's. I also am not a big fan of card games (magic, Hearthstone) or point &amp; click adventures. I hope you guys are able to think of something interesting given my tastes.  Any suggestions are welcome and thank you.
[bulletstorm, pick up, doom 3, ive]	Hello,  I have $23 steam dollars from selling items. I am looking for an enjoyable, violent single player shooter campaign for the PC (can run anything). I really enjoyed the Gears of War campaigns for xbox, especially how nice the weapons felt,  bolt action sniper. Not interested in any grind type games or games with heavy RPG elements.   Games I have enjoyed: Gears of War, Halo, Half-Life 2 + Episodes, all of the Max Paynes, Call of Juarez, Spec Ops the line, various splinter cells, newest Wolfenstein, Shadow Warrior, Warhammer: Space Marine, Hotline Miami.  Games I didn't enjoy that much: Dying Light, Far Crys, Call of Duty, Sniper Elite, newest Tomb Raider franchise, Bioshock Franchise   Thanks in advance for any suggestions you may have. Has anyone played Bulletstorm?   Thanks and best, strobepomf  
[stardew valley]	I have been dealing with stress lately and my doctor told me to quit stressful games for a while (among other things - i know, pretty hard to define what " stress" is when playing games) so I am looking for some games to play considering this.  Things like Animal Crossing and The Sims. No real ways to fail - and failing can actually be a fun experience. Maybe constant rewards. Things like that.  Other examples I played and could be considered anti stress i think would be Fantasy Life, Harvest Moon, Rune Factory, Journey,  Stardew Valley and even diablo 3 to a lesser extend.  PS4/3DS/Vita/PC or emulators.  Thank you.
[dragon's dogma, clicker heroes, clicker heroes, dying light, far cry 3, grim dawn, grim dawn, factorio]	So, I'm typically an MMO gamer, I almost always have an online game that's pulling me to it. Most recently I've been addicted to Blade and Soul, but I've been MMO grinding since way back in UO/EQ1 way back in the day. The thing is, I'm 100% a PvE player, and my current work schedule puts my active play hours from around 1am-6am, and it's been a challenge for the past couple years to get any meaningful PvE done with this work schedule. So, until I can either find a dedicated late night PvE gaming group or my schedule changes, I want to try and find something I can enjoy that doesn't require other people.  I love losing myself in a game. I love when a game gets its hooks in me so deep that it's all I can think about, I theorycraft as daydreaming, I make up to-do lists to get everything I can done in a day. Basically, I'm looking for a game I can give a house key and a couple of my drawers to. The catch is, I want to be able to do it all by myself.  I prefer action/rpg type combat over shooters. Prefer PC but I do have PS4/Xbone available, and while I have a 3ds, if I was going to resign myself to a handheld, I'd lose myself in Monster Hunter again. I just can't sit at home on a tiny screen for hours a day. I've looked at Stardew Valley, but I'm looking for something more combat-oriented.   Whatever it is, I'm looking for a big rewarding end-game that I can complete 100% solo, even if it take a bunch of work and practice.
[ninja]	Howdy folks!   So, I want an RPG I can really get into with an open world but still significant story driven content (similar to the TES games).... but which also has significant rpg statistics and real time combat like Mount and Blade. I really enjoy starting off with rusty crap gear and flabby muscles, and through sheer grit working up to being a muscular superintelligent god decked out in resplendent armor. One of the things I didn't like about, say, Skyrim is that I could get my hands on good gear and dominate everyone in about 10 minutes. That being said, I've played all of the above and greatly enjoyed them, but I'm looking for something new to really rip into.   Thanks in advance everyone!  Edit: I'm looking for mostly Singleplayer, completely forgot to mention! 
[bioshock]	This might be a weird request, but does anyone know of games that are fun to play and for others to watch?    My husband mostly games on his PC, and recently, I've been watching and "helping" on a couple. We've ended up having a pretty good time with it.  His birthday is coming up, and I'd like to get him something else that we could do together, since he's not sure what else he has that I'd like to watch.  We've done Tomb Raider, Far Cry 3, Bastion, and some of Call of Juarez Gunslinger.    If it helps, I've liked the story in the games we've done together - they're interesting and somewhat streamlined, I suppose, so there's not a lot of grinding.  I enjoyed him figuring out the puzzles in Tomb Raider.  Bastion and Call of Juarez were neat because they were kept changing/evolving. Oh, we did some of Transistor too, which I thought was awesome, but he's not wanted to pick it back up yet for some reason.   Thanks!
[need for speed, project cars]	Heya!  I'm not normally that into racing games. But I am really in the mood for a single player racing game where you do races to upgrade your car/buy new cars with the winnings. Hopefully building towards an 'end' of some kind, rather than just participating in infinite races.  I'd prefer closer to arcade-style controls, though I can handle leaning towards simulation. Just not full simulation!  Also.. I really like lovely shiny car game graphics. My PC is pretty beefy, so system requirements shouldn't be a problem.  Any help is appreciated!
[split/second]	I've recently been playing Rocket League, the art style and the ability to demolish the other cars reminded me of the 2008 Speed Racer movie, which makes me want to ask:  Are there any games that come close to that crazy over-the-top lethal and explosive race style?  I've played plenty of F-Zero, but it's not *quite* what I'm looking for.  I really would love to see a game that focuses on blowing up/wrecking your competitors through aggressive driving in order to reach the finish line.  **EDIT:**  I'd also *really* love to see one with the banked turns and tracks found in the movie and F-Zero level design.
[okami]	I've just finished up about 3 games in a row that are either "sneaking around the whole time conserving ammo" or really dark/heavy/serious plots.  Looking for something that's either light-hearted in plot, or you're really powerful and never have to worry about running into enemies, or just doesn't have enemies (mlb the show - preferably with some kind of "progression" ie I could play for an hour and level up some)  Things I have liked: Souls series, bethesda rpgs, mass effect, last of us, dishonored, far cry, borderlands, deus ex, final fantasy, bioshocks, gta, red dead, portals, stalker.  Played but only found ok - dragon age, dragons dogma, uncharted, arkham series.
[crusader kings 2]	One million moons ago, I played this one game on Wii, it was a Final Fantasy spin-off named "My Life as a King"  It was a humble title, clearly made on the cheap, clearly meant as a budget pastime rather than a fully-fledged game. You'd build your town and send adventurers to grab loot so that you could build more stuff to make them tougher. Basically like a mobile game, minus all the microtransactions.  But what the game *did* have that I loved, was that through the whole game, you *felt* like a king. You had all sorts of pointless stuff to that effect, like having NPC's bow to you as you walked about, and changing outfits, and the dialogue.  I mean, I love my Civ, and I love taking over the world with strategy, but what it doesn't have is the ~pheelz~.  So there, I want a game -- Don't really care what genre -- That plays on PC (or on an emulatable console. Or 3DS), that captures the ~feeling~ of being a royal.
[torchlight 2]	I'm feeling very overwhelmed by the amount of RPGs I play that require you to get involved in the story, micromanage party members, and listen to each of their "unique" and individual backstories, complete with over 100+ lines of dialogue, inventory-management, money-management, combat-management, battleship-management, stat-point allocation, skill points, etc, etc.  I just want, for once, a nice, simple, fun game, with a lighthearted tone for once, where everything can be solved by beating the crap out of someone. Something I can sink a few days into, without the first few days spent immersing myself yet another world.   Something to give me a few days to take a break from all this "story-heavy" games where gameplay amounts to making sure you have the better numbers. All this management is to damn stressing.   I guess the gist of it is I need a break from RPGs, but dont know where to start. It needs to have a singleplayer mode, and mindless, but fun, gameplay. Preferably linear, so I don't have to worry about wandering around to make sure I'm not missing out on Golden Testicleavers of 1000+ Assfuckings.  And oh yeah, I would prefer if it was new. Something I've never heard of, most likely.   Nothing in the Kingdom Hearts series as well, as I'm starting my annual playthrough of the series soon, which is why I need a brief break, and the idea of skipping straight to KH2FM sounds very appealing right now, because that game hits all of my tickmarks listed above, except for being new, and if I skip straight to it, that'll break my tradition, and I really don't want that.   TL;DR, fun stupid game with little planning involved when it comes to combat. Not required, but preferred, if it was "new" to me.  Needs to be on one of these systems, listed by order of developer, and generation.  Nintendo: GB, N64, GBA, GC, NDS, Wii, 3DS, Wii U Sony: PS1, PS2, PS3, PSP  PC: GPU: EVGA GTX 960 4GB CPU: i5-4690k RAM: 16GB OS: Windows 10  Sorry for the longwinded post, just don't know what I'm looking for exactly. I mean, I definitely know what I DON'T want, again. For a long time.
[albion]	Looking through space sims, nowadays they all seem to be Space Truck Sim 2016, with the added part of mining the material yourself. I mean, where's the fun in that? Really, what I'm looking for is, what the title implies, a space sim where you embark on an epic military campaign, from engaging in non-significant squabbles while on patrol, to a grandiose dogfight in and around a huge space station, to epic capship battles, to guarding blockade runners scurrying to the local jump gate whilst under attack by hoards of the enemy fleet. Something like FreeSpace 2.   However, I've already been through the campaign of FreeSpace 2 and love it, and unfortunately, X-Wing and TIE Fighter (CD Editions) don't run on Windows 10. X-COM Interceptor also has extreme choppiness issues in the interface in W10. I'd prefer to be able to use my flight stick, a Logitec Extreme 3D Pro, anything that needs to be run in DOSBox is out of the question, like the Wing Commander series, unfortunately enough. I also tried running Tachyon, but the installer won't open. Freelancer also seems a bit too simple for my tastes; I want a space sim, not WoW, controlling everything with hotkeys and stuff. Also, a game with at least some sort of tutorial, at the least teaching you how to fly your ship would be nice, unlike the Elite series, leading in you accidentally shooting a missile and promptly getting vulched in the first minute of the game. Nice first impression, Elite 3. A focus on low end would be nice too.
[grid autosport, grid 2]	There's a hundred games where you race cars, but I'm looking for the one that best meets these criteria:  -PC (I don't own any consoles)  -works well with a controller (can't afford a decent wheel at the moment)  -real world road tracks (some wiggle room here, but I'm not looking for a rally or off-road or open-world game)  I haven't played racing games for a long time, so I don't really know what's out there.  What I really need is a game where the wobbly on-off steering of an analog stick won't cause constant spin-outs and run me off the road at every corner.  So I'm not looking for a proper simulator, I need something much more "game-y", but that still feels like like proper racing.  Any ideas on what the best such game would be?
[mario and luigi: bowser's inside story, persona 4]	After devouring everything currently available in the Trails series, I am wondering if there are other games I should be looking into. I know Bravely Default and Lost Odyssey, but otherwise I've not seen a lot of traditional RPGs recently so I was hoping people might have some suggestions. My criteria:  * Turn-based combat absolutely required. This can be an ATB sort of system, but it *has* to be a game where your turn comes up, you enter the command, and the battle plays out while you wait for the next turn to come up. Any game which has even quasi-action combat ( FF12 or FF13) is right out. * Full party control. I don't really care for games where you control one character and the rest of the party is AI-controlled that much. * Random encounters not required (I enjoyed the Trails games a great deal, after all), but are preferred. * Looking for games either last gen or this gen. I know there are lots of great PS2 JRPGs that would scratch my itch, so I'm primarily looking for advice about newer games. * Handheld or console doesn't matter a great deal. I do prefer console, but will suck it up and play on a handheld system if I have to.  Like I said, I know of (and have played) Bravely Default, Lost Odyssey, and everything we've gotten so far in the Trails series. Any other games or series that I should know about that would scratch the same itch?
[microsoft flight simulator, ark: survival evolved , world of warcraft , shadow of mordor, adventure games, no man's sky, just cause , world games, world games, the witcher, subnautica, guild wars, eve online, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft, factorio, mad max , achaea, achaea, dayz, gta, gta, gta, gta]	I split open world games into two major types: The first is the mission based style that you see in GTA games, where you are either on a mission or in the open world. The second is the Bethesda style where you're never really on just one mission and always in the open world.  What I'm looking for is a game that really emphasizes the discovery factor, where you can wander around and find stuff and never feel restricted by missions.  Games I've played like this: Everything by Bethesda Witcher series Shadow of Mordor Dragon Age series
[beat hazard ultra]	Recently I've been playing quite a bit of Crypt of the NecroDancer, and am really loving all its aspects, including the fact that you can optionally use music from your own collection. I had been hyped for the recently released PS4/Vita version, only to unfortunately learn that you can't your music in the ports. Very disappointed considering this was a feature I had looking forward to using on my Vita, a portable game that actively uses my catalog.  So I had been looking for some engaging game for either 3DS, Vita, or Android devices that incorporate my music collection into the game itself. Are there any games like that?
[the black hole, space station, space station, space station, space station, this game]	I recently cancelled my WoW subscription and am looking for something new to play on my PC.  I like games that are primarily non-competitive, meaning that you can play with other players but it's more about personal goals or playing YOUR best rather than trying to climb ladders and rank up.  That kind of removes a lot of the popular multiplayer games for me (League of Legends, DOTA 2, CS:GO, etc). I just do not care to have to keep up with a game to remain viable or dedicate a lot of time to be competitive when I have many other priorities in life.  I have already played WoW (as I mentioned before; I love this game but playing it isn't the same anymore), Diablo 3 (which is just ok), and The Division (this one is kind of fun but I mostly play single player, and The Division feels like it's designed to be played with a group of buddies first).  My favorite kinds of games are MMOs, startegy games, and action RPGs. I'll play shooters on occasion but they aren't my favorite genre.  Any other suggestions? I have an i7, 16GB RAM, and a GTX 970 so I can play most games out there I think.  Thanks!
[child of light]	I am totally not a real gamer. I'm desperately trying to find new games that fit into my preferred niche, and I need the help of the experts.  My absolute favorite games are all the Paper Marios, and Costume Quest 1&amp;2. I don't exactly know how to describe the ones I like, but I know what I don't like: games like Call of Duty, Witcher, anything that's first-person, anything where you just kind of walk around and hope you stumble on what you're supposed to do, and games where you just shoot stuff. I like cutesy, 2D graphics, quest-based gameplay, and side quests. I like turn-based battles, but from what I understand, that's basically all RPGs? Is that right?  The things I like about Paper Mario and Costume Quest are: the graphics; being able to roam around to complete quests and side quests but always having a clear goal in mind; collecting team members/new costumes that give new powers; basically the scavenger-hunt style of it all.  Games I've played and liked: Mario&amp;Luigi games for DS&amp;3DS Little Big Planet Animal Crossing Tomodachi Life Professor Layton (various) Oh! and Sims Medieval (the quest-based gameplay was really great) I've played Portal/Portal 2 and liked them, but they're not my jam really.  I've downloaded the Double Fine bundle from Steam, and am working through that, but nothing is really grabbing me.  The platforms I have available to me are: Wii, 3DS, PS3 and PS4, XBOX, and PC. I will gladly take recommendations for any or all!  Please help this wannabe gamer girl find more great games to play! Thanks so much! 
[infamous second son]	I've been in the mood to roleplay an evil character, but most of the RPGs with binary morality systems make evil seem awfully petty.  In the Fallout games, for instance, evil generally boils down to stealing things or extorting people for caps.  But I have all the money I'll ever need: why am I bothering to steal more?  Taking "bad karma" choices in a lot of RPGs often comes down to acting like a jerk to everyone for no discernible reason, except maybe a tad more pocket change that I will never spend.  It would be nice to roleplay a wizard who's sold his soul for power, for instance.  (And not just a game that forces you to be evil: that's less fun).  Knights of the Old Republic was good at this: there was a good reason to roleplay a dark side user, and you got destructive powers for your actions.  What other RPGs are good with evil choices?  Bonus points if being evil actually represents more power than being a Boy Scout, rather than getting a color-swapped version of the same good techniques.
[freelancer, deep space]	I have always loved the Sci Fi and space theme and have always been so interested in space sims. When I hear my friends talk about them or when I think about them I always get right into it but as soon as my download finishes and I start playing I usually put in a few good hours but end up leaving bored and confused and wishing I could get into the game.  So far I have given X3, Eve, Elite Dangerous, SPAZ and Starpoint Gemini 2 a try X3 being the one I really wanted to enjoy the most but with every one of them I end up getting bored and/or overwhelmed.  Any ideas on games that could invigorate me to love this genre or ways I could get back into the above games I mentioned?  I have also backed star citizen in hopes that it is the space sim im looking for but that game is far from release.
[space engineers]	I'm looking for a game with a lot of crafting involved. It's hard to explain exactly what I mean so I'll start with some games I've loved.  * Skyrim (Modded especially, Lot's of crafting mods and things like more alchemy ingreds.) * Factorio (Hoarding tons of loot and building mining factories) * Minecraft  * Fallout 4 (Again more crafting mods) * Terraria  * World Of Warcraft  I just really love being able to gather a ton of materials and craft many things with it. I put skyrim first because it fills my needs the best. Running around killing/gathering materials to gain more and more experience with my crafting skills is the most fun I am ever goign to have in video games. Any suggestions as to new games I can try out to get my crafting/loot gathering fix?
[dark souls, this game]	Hello, I am looking for suggestions of third person games with FPS-like controls, with melee combat including a block button. Games like rune, enclave, forge, mount and blade, skyrim, blade sinphony, and Oni.  I already have herectic 2 an  2 on my list.  games that have mods or optional third person modes are also  chivalry has a third person mode, and if Dark messiah of might and magic had a good third person mod it would be great.  games on Pc, or that can be emulate don a PC  Thank you for your time.  
[metal gear]	Ideally combat and/or climbing.  Games like Dark Souls, Mirrors Edge, and even racing sims are satisfying for similar reasons--they are so physical.  Even though they're just games, you get the sense of movement, timing, and coordination.  I am looking for a game like that, without a really complicated storyline or anything I have to focus hard on.  I just want to get lost in it.  Dark Souls, as hard as it was, was incredibly hypnotic and engrossing for this reason.  Are there any 1st or 3rd person games like this?
[starcraft]	Game, mod of a game; don't care about the genre, I just realized the concept of playing as an "alien queen" or indeed any sort of management of eusocial organism colony, as a game is pretty rare, despite it being a perfect type of faction with lots of unique mechanics for both Grand strategy, turn based and real time strategy, as well as even sandbox and roleplaying games.  I am looking for anything that lets you control such a colony. I don't care if its a mobile game, a backwater game hidden deep in the pile of one off flash games on the internet, an aspiring indie dev title or a major dev studios product.  If anyone knows anything similar even in a remote sense, I'd appreciate the suggestions.
[the last federation]	I've been gaming for 25 years and never seen anything like this, but I won't rule out the existence of such a game.  Basically, I'm interested in a game (preferably some sort of simulation or strategy game) where you are behind a giant conspiracy, and have to keep the populace from finding out about it.  Do such games exist?  I've played plenty of games where the goal was to unravel a conspiracy, but never the opposite.  Edit:  Thanks for all the well-thought-out responses below.  To any game designers who might be reading, this might be a relatively untapped genre with potential.  If you create a conspiracy simulator, you will obtain money (and possibly job offers from alphabet agencies).
[starter pack , eve online]	I am mostly a turn-based game player, because I suck at fast targeting anything. Even in action RPGs like Diablo/Path of Exile type games, I end up playing non-targeted AOE builds....because I suck at fast targeting anything.  I don't play FPS games....because well I suck at fast targeting anything.   So that  have a bug to fly around a galaxy and explore and trade stuff. The bigger the galaxy the better. The more open world the better. The more forgiving the combat the better.   Elite Dangerous reviews on Steam scare me away from that game. Starpoint Gemini 2 is on sale, is that something I should check out? Anything else?  I prefer a more recent game, last year or two release, so not looking to go to Freelancer or anything older.   thanks in advance
[openttd]	Back then when I was a kid, I loved to play sim-city games and theme park tycoon games. But growing up as an adult and as an engineer, I've lost that creative side of me and see the building aspect of these games as cumbersome because usually I am given no direction and essentially have to create "art" instead of "solutions" like an engineer. But I loved the management/financial side of those games, and was wondering if there are any games that have it.  I also love the idea of managing a shop/business; I played the open for business expansion pack for the sims and I loved it. I also played the sims as more of an RPG game, with the goal of getting rich rather than simulating a family, if that helps.  Any suggestions will do! Thanks for reading.
[path of exile]	Recently, after finishing a match of CS:GO, I looked back at all the games I used to play, almost religiously. Minecraft, and WoW, and League of Legends (Before the community drove me to the point of quitting), and I remember how much time I spent on those games, and how much I loved them. But now, I can't seem to achieve that with any games I play, which is why I am here. I am looking for a good F2P game in which to get invested. Multiplayer is a necessary, and MMO is a plus. I would like to stay away from P2W or P2P, but if its a system like Warframe (Can be P2W but you can get anything that is, just by grinding enough), that's OK. Any help is greatly appreciated. Thanks! 
[stardew valley]	Generally player progression is represented by a meter/number rising, or enemies that were challenging becoming trivial to defeat.   That's not what I'm looking for.  I'd much rather have a game that, after lots of (preferably mundane,  but not MMO "click-to-everything" style) labor over a long period, gives a great feeling that I've actually accomplished something.  In Viscera, the levels start out completely trashed. There's blood and guts and shell casings, among other things, totally littering the play area. As you progress, you remove these items from the world. Poof, gone. What use to be a mountain of corpses is now a spick and span patch of linoleum.  Other than that feeling like I've done something worth doing, I'd say my only requirement is that I directly control a character at all times. Games like The Sims or the majority of strategy games just don't satisfy me I'm afraid.  Thanks in advance, even if nothing really fits the bill.
[dragon quest]	I had a lot of fun with the [gambit system](http:// in Final Fantasy XII and the [tactics system](http://\(Origins\)) from Dragon Age: Origins, both of which let you set up "If a party member is at half health, cast heal" type AAI systems. You could give direct commands at any time, but your characters could more or less handle fights on their own if you did a good job of preparing them ahead of time.  Not quite as good of an example, but still the sort of thing I'd be interested in: In [Mega Man Battle Chip Challenge](http:// you prepare for fights by laying out attacks in a branching path, and once the fight starts the attacks are basically chosen at random, and all you can do is interrupt the fight by adding an extra action once or twice.  I've seen some (mostly mobile) RPGs lately that let you put fights on 'automatic,' but then characters just act randomly, or they'll just keep doing the same command you last told them to do. Are there any other games out there that let you tweak how your characters behave, and then sit back to watch how well your plan works out?
[great deal]	Hi!  I'm going back to university this fall, and I need to brush up on my maths and physics beforehand. I've spent heaps of time on Khan Academy, Open Yale and done MITx courses. But, I'd be keen to play a game which could either teach me something related to maths and/or physics, or games where I'm rewarded for applying it. So essentially gamifying learning to some degree, or at least make me feel a sense of progression as I level up or something similar from doing fun maths or physics related activities.   I have a solid 200 hours in Kerbal Space Program, and I think it's a fantastic game, but I'm looking for something where the game actually rewards me for solving maths problems or something similar, as in Kerbal I can always just ADD MOAR BOOSTERS! Jeb doesn't care if his rocket succeeds due to accurate calculations on my part, or simply out of dumb luck.  
[chocobo's dungeon 2, playstation, psx]	I'm looking for a single player (or multiplayer/co-op, but not MMO) RPG in a fantasy setting that has crafting and housing available.  Something along the lines of what Skyrim does, where I can craft armor or potions and then go home and chill out between adventures.  I would prefer the ability to somewhat customize the home, but if that's not an option it's ok.  Here are a few I already know about:  * The Elder Scrolls Series  * Fable Series (I want something with more RPG depth than these games)  Any others?
[ultima underworld 1, system shock, deus ex]	Basically I'm at a loss for what game I should play and I'm turning to you internet to maybe help me out. Civ 5, The Legend of Dragoon, Mount and Blade, The Elder Scrolls, Pokemon, League of Legends, Fallout, Supreme Commander, Mass Effect, Metal Gear Solid, Xcom, EUIV, Dark Souls, and Chromehounds. These are my favorite games or atleast the ones I can think of at the moment. I'm looking mostly for an RPG to play but I'm open to basically anything you guys can suggest to me. Enlighten me internet. What game should I play?
[wurm unlimited]	I've always loved the process of settling and developing land in a game - picking an ideal spot of untamed land and watching it slowly turn into a village, then town, and then thriving metropolis. And there are lots of games out there that *kind of* scratch that itch for me, but none that get it just right.  Minecraft, Dwarf Fortress, City Skylines, the Civilization games, and the Anno games all come close, but don't quite hit the mark. I love the idea of grabbing a nice spot at the mouth of a river in some unsettled wilderness and laying out a village, knowing that one day it'll be a center of international trade and the dock I'm building will be the center of the historic Olde Towne Waterfront district. 
[divinity: original sin, path of exile, grim dawn]	So I'm looking for a game to play with my dad, whose favorite game of all time (and one of the only ones he plays,) is Skyrim. We tried multi-player Skyrim mods, but it just wasn't worth the hassle. We are on a local network so LAN capabilities would be nice, and if it had both online and LAN it would be exceptional. He's never been one for shooters, so a fantasy setting would be better. The dream would be going through a fantasy world cooperatively and with not a ton of difficulty. It would also be good if there was character specialization so that we could play two different complementary roles. But really the only main requirements is that it be in first person (or some other setup to avoid odd camera controls, he can't do 2-D games like Terraria), and that it be coop PvE with slower combat (not guns/shooters). Hope someone knows something along the lines!
[grim dawn]	Alas! I have been playing Torchlight, but it seemed to be too "weird": graphics style, limited talents and classes, very simple random dungeon as "replayable content". Sacred I was told was "just bad", so I didn't try it, and that's about as far as I went with similar games.  I LOVE Diablo 2 and even 1, but the 3rd's always-online DRM killed it for me. The many different builds and talents/customization options make it a great game for me, as it also features lots of complexity beneath the surface. Currently I'm still playing it, and its mods, but something different would be neat.  Many oldschool RPGs I also liked, but they're quite dated, generally too easy, artificially made obnoxious, etc. Often also limited by the hardware/platform.  Platform: PC, mostly. Maybe older consoles/emulation too, but nothing that costs an arm and a leg.  Thank you!
[crysis]	I really enjoy games where you are given room to explore, and find powerups rather than earn them through leveling/buying them. This is mostly to avoid any sort of grinding in the game, and also to allow for nicer speedruns. Below is a list of games that are similar to what I am looking for.      **Loonyland: Halloween Hill** This game is in my top 5 games of all time. No tutorial, no direction, you're just dropped in a town with a bunch of sidequests that exits into 3 different directions. The different areas of the map unlock from completing quests or finding items, but there are always many places you can go. Another interesting aspect is that there are hidden achievements in the game (called merit badges) that give you unique abilities when you unlock and activate them. This game is very free form, and quickly beaten if you know the game well. I had a lot of fun coming up with and executing a speedrun for it (https://  The main problem is that I know it too well, and have played it faaar too much.    **Dark Souls** This is another game that's in my top 5. It has solid mechanics, and levels that are really fun to explore. It's a bit more linear than I like, but it does at least offer some unique paths/shortcuts between areas. Also, while it does have a leveling system, the mechanics are fair enough that you can beat the game without leveling (which I have done).      **Star Control 2** This is a space exploration game. It allows for mostly unrestricted space explorable, a bunch of interesting alien races to meet, and a fun combat mode. I don't really have a problem with the material grinding in the game, but ideally I'm looking for a game that doesn't require grinding for levels/items.      **Maze Of Galious** This is an old MSX platformer. Again, this is a game with no tutorial, and it drops you into a room with multiple exits. This game is really close to what I'm looking for. There's a giant castle to explore with a bunch of hidden items strewn about, and a bunch of linear worlds that boost your health. It becomes a juggling game of how far you can explore into the castle for unique items before you have to do the main dungeons for health. Even though you needed to do the main dungeons in a linear order, I didn't really mind because of how open the main castle was. Plus, this game forced me to draw a map, which was fun (http://  **La-Mulana** This is almost the perfect game for what I am looking for. Non-linear exploration, fair mechanics once you learn them, no real grinding (I heard it was actually inspired by maze of galious). There are a bunch of optional upgrades that are useful to seek out, and the boss fight moments are amazing. However, I have two main problems with it. First, maybe I was less patient or not as good at puzzles, but when I first played this game, I would get stuck a lot. I hated having to look things up, but I also didn't like feeling completely stuck. I think some of this game's puzzle are a bit too obtuse. Secondly, I was never able to finish this game. Near the end, the game ramps up the difficulty ten-fold and I got stuck in the Dimensional Corridor. Maybe it's time I give this game another shot.             
[saints row, my life, gta, pcs]	Hey guys. I really love this genre where you have countless of things to do, anytime you wish, instead of being limited with missions.  I wish the game to be released after 2010.   --------------  Some games that fit this genre but that I have already played could be:   - **The Elder Scrolls series** *since you are free to pick your own class, weapons, upgrades, is open world*          - **Minecraft/Terraria/Day-Z/Any survival games** *since you are free to go anywhere, build anything, take any items and you are not limited by missions, yet it's still fun to play*      - **GTA series** *you are free to go anywhere but you are kind of limited, since all you can do is either kill people or kill people? maybe if you could rob any store, any person, without being in a mission, it would be really free*      - **Total war series** *you are free to govern your own country in any want*  - **Fallout series**        - **Watch Dogs** *I like that that game gives you a lot of options on how to solve a situation. A lot of upgrades and gadges aviable.**  - **Prototype series** *not the game with the most freedom but it sure is fun. Unlike in other superhero games, you can "test" out your powers on pedestrials too*  I prefer a third/first person view game, where you control one person, but other genres like RTS is welcome.
[ori and the blind forest, killing machine, farcry 3]	Hey! Long story short is I have been trying to get back into gaming and need some suggestions on what to play. I'm in my late twenties and haven't really played much for 10- 15 years.   I have a pretty great gaming PC I built hoping to rekindle my love, and can run any game no problem.  Games I thought were swell from years past were HL2, Tony Hawk Games, NHL games, Portal, AOE series, Splinter Cell, Rainbow 6 Black and White, and console games like Banjo Kazooie, Gex, Diddy Kong Racing, DK series (platformers?) Mario etc.   Have currently played new titles and enjoyed Witcher 3, Rocket League, Just getting into Fallout 4 (although not into the whole shooter thing anymore I don't think) Titanfall, Hitman, Civ 5, Just Cause 3, cities Skylines and Battlefield 4.  I don't know what I need, but thinking along the lines of a sweet platformer? Any suggestions? Really want to go balls deep!! 
[spaceteam, spaceteam]	[Angry Birds Fight!](http:// is a match 3 game in with you solve the puzzles to give bonus attack and defense to your bird in an upcoming battle against a foe that can be either another player over the internet or a monster in a PvE setting. It is not meant to play this way, but I have a great time playing it with my girlfriend "locally" where we hold the same phone, she solves the match 3's on one side and I solve them on the other side. We have great fun with it playing that way! So I would like to ask: Does anyone know another good game that can be played either like that (2 ppl on a single phone) or each one with their own phone locally interacting on the same game?
[wasteland 2, tomb raider, just cause, fallout 3, mad max]	I was wondering about buying a gamer PC. Something like an i5 and a GTX 9xx, but the situation is, I prefer single player over multiplayer. If I'm not wrong, multiplayer focused games (even if they have a single player campaign) outnumber single player focused games  20 to 1?  You can of course emulate a gazillion of games, but if you only talk about recent games, you only have: Skyrim, Witcher, Dragon Age, Divinity, Wasteland 2, Fallout 3, 4. You can of course play these for ages but can finish them in like a year, so that beats the purpose of buying a PC for years ahead.  Also, single player focused shooters are scarce.
[warframe]	I'm a fan of Diablo 3.  Particularly the rift system.  You open a rift, kill some monsters, and get loot.  It's infinitely replayable, and even if you don't get an item you want, you end up with mats and XP that progresses your character in *some way*, even if it's not huge.  Is there a non-ARPG game that has a similar gameplay loop?  I'm playing and enjoying The Division, because it's kind of a similar thing, but the endgame there is the Dark Zone, which is non-optional PvP, which I'm not really down for.  I mean, it's fun, but I don't want it to be 100% of the endgame.  I've played Destiny.  It gets a little too grindy for me towards the end.  Plus most gear is in raids you can't match-make for, which I'm not okay with  The borderlands series is close, but I've already played them.  This may be an unpopular opinion, but I can't stand the writing.  Too many le epic maymays for me.  What are some non-ARPG games that have ARPG elements?  Can be single/multiplayer.
[antichamber]	Hi all!   I'm sure this is a question that's asked frequently, but I wanted to ask it again in case there are new titles that also fit the parameters.   My husband's birthday is coming up, and though he insists he doesn't have time to game, he just booted up Portal 2 to play it to completion for the third time... so I think a new game may be in order! He's also a PC gamer (alas, I'm limited to a Mac right now), so I'm sure there are things out there that I'm just not aware of - so I thought I'd ask the experts.  Games I know he loves:   * Half Life 2 * Portal 1 &amp; 2 * Deus Ex: Human Revolution * GTA: Vice City, GTA: San Andreas, GTA V  I bought Besiege for him a year or two ago, but despite him liking general engineering problem-solving, it wasn't really up his avenue. :\  Older games he owns (but I haven't seen him play): Gothic II, Sim City IV, Anno 1503, Desperados.  Any ideas? Steam downloads or hard copies are both fine.  Thanks so much in advance!!!  -drink_your_tea
[speedrunners]	Hello everyone. I'm looking for a platformer that relies heavily on momentum, speed and smoothness.   The best way i could describe what im looking for is modern side scrolling sonic games, with the grinding and stuff, but maybe not as fast (or, you know if the camera was not so zoomed in that you don't know whats coming next). I'd say Sonic Generations got pretty close to what im looking for, down to the speed, momentum, smoothness and skill required - i love going back to those levels and trying to get the smoothest and coolest possible run (not necessarily the fastest) as it requires both skill and memorisation. I would just like something a little bit more 2d, smooth and stylish (although it was plenty stylish). Sonic Colours for DS is what i like too.  So basically, a cross between sonic, dustforce, N+, mirror's edge, ollii olii and tony hawks pro skater. Am i asking for too much? Thanks!
[openttd]	I want a game where you gather resources to mainly build buildings, research technologies. Fighting is not important to me, but if it's there, I'm fine with it.  Games like Zeus: Master of Olympus, Cossacks: European Wars, Banished, or even like Factorio would be good.    If it's tile-based, it's even better.  I started playing Forge of Empires but, while it's not bad, it's a browser game, and it's super slow, so I can't really enjoy playing it a lot like I would for a proper PC game.  I went through all of [this list](https://, but sadly there wasn't anything interesting enough, aside the ones I already played.  I checked [steam's list](http:// Builder), with the same results.
[lovers in a dangerous spacetime]	Hey all.  My wife and I have been playing Nostalrius for the last several months. I'm a veteran game but that was her experience with online gaming and we're both kinda bummed that it got shut down. We've been looking and are unable to find a game to play together.   Unfortunately the only MMOs out there seem to be GW2, SWTOR, &amp; Tera which I'm not a fan of. SWTOR used to be pretty cool but it seems they've dumbed it down a *lot* now.  I'm open to multi-player games that aren't MMOs as well. Thanks in advance for any suggestions.
[warframe]	If any of you know of a free-to-play MMO with all or many of the following characteristics, let me know what it is!  *Real-time, skill based combat (no taskbar/click-to-win) *Gathering/crafting mechanics *Player-driven economy *Adequately-implemented first-person mode *Mounts available to non-paying players *Basically no pay-to-win, so only cosmetic/convenience items for real money *Preferably a unique setting (not medieval fantasy) *Active, reasonably sizeable playerbase and consistent updates *Anything else reminiscent of Firefall before the  update screwed all of us over  Thanks guys
[wolfenstein, bioshock, crysis]	The types of games I like are open worlds with nearly bottomless screens of checklists where there's tons to do.  My current favorite series is Far Cry.  You got stuff to collect, towns to liberate, radio towers to secure to reveal the map, etc.  However, I'm feeling a certain fatigue.  I recently started playing Stardew Valley, and while I see the appeal for sure, it's a game with seemingly no end.  Same for Dragon Age: Inquisition.  I love the gameplay, but there's just *so much to do*.  I can't be bothered.  I normally *love* this type of game.  I've deduced that the best medicine would be to find a game that I can finish.  If these kinds of check-list laden games are gaming junkfood, I need some protein.  What's a somewhat similar game that has a good amount of stuff to do, but is still easily completable?  I recently played through all of Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon, and it was a blast.  There's a bunch of optional stuff, but not 1/3 as much as in a full-size game.  I 100%-ed it and it felt great.  Are there any other open world/semi-open world games that are nice and sizable, yet the end of them doesn't seem out of reach?
[divinity: original sin - enhanced edition, the bard's tale, path of exile, titan quest, victor vran, grim dawn, sacred 2, diablo 2, diablo 3]	I really enjoyed FATE when I was younger (I still like it, actually, but I can't find my physical copy anywhere...). I especially enjoyed the dungeon crawling and grinding. I have also played Diablo II (I had a lot of fun with that one) and a bit of Diablo III. (I really couldn't get into D3, I'm not really sure why. It just didn't... 'click', I guess? Probably willing to give it another chance, though. I'd just have to buy it again. I had it on PS3 and my brother returned it after a few days due to neither of us liking it much.) I'd prefer on PC and not too demanding, but I also own a PS3, PS4 and Wii U, so those are all options as well. Also, it doesn't have to be specifically games like those, but I'd very much prefer them. Any suggestions? Also, a bit short on cash, so if there are any cheaper options those would be preferred. Not really required, but the cheaper it is, the sooner I can buy it. :p
[unreal world, shadow run, underrail, deus ex]	I'm gonna try my best to explain what I mean but bear with me.  The best example I can think of is The Elder Scrolls series. In the older games (pretty much every game before Skyrim) you can talk with basically everyone (except NPCs that are aggressive on sight). In Skyrim you can only really converse with a few handful of people. If you try to with say, a guard, they'll drop a line of dialogue and keep walking. In Morrowind or Oblivion you could talk with everyone and ask about stuff. Sure a lot of the dialogue was repeated and some NPCs were only interested in giving directions and not small talk but the interaction was there.  I want a game like that. Where you can interact with just about everyone rather than just the quest NPCs. I'd like for the game to be open world and have a lot of interaction with the world as well, like stealing from shops, potentially harming civilians on guards, that sort of thing.  It doesn't *have* to be a fantasy setting but I would prefer it. Feel free to suggest games outside the setting if you feel they really fit well though.
[dungeon crawl, dark cloud]	So I am looking for a game that puts you in either a first person or third person perspective and plays a lot like a RPG in some sort of way with city development aspect.  However the catch of the game should be that your actions can make a town/city, or several towns/cities grow through your contribution. The towns might grow slowly themselves, but if you help you can get them to grow a lot faster.  Plus would be if the world was of significant size.  A prime example of what I mean is Minecraft + Millenair mod. Currently this mod gives you the option to help build a town, defend it from raids, do a questline (unlocked through faction allegiance in certain towns) and even lead decision making in towns.  So I was wondering if there was a dedicated game out there for that purpose. I know of a game I had with these options but it was isometric and it was purely monster killing and raid defending, and once the small map was cleared you were done... (about 5 hours of gameplay worth)  Thanks in advance if you know of any games like this.
[wildstar]	so i saw that big topic that a wow private server got shut down and got nostalgic and want to scratch that mmo itch   i miss wow but i know it sucks and isnt worth it so moving on   i've been thinking of playing TERA again, but it's 50 gb to download   so i was wondering if anything good has come out recently/will come out soon before i do   i'm looking for similar combat with tera but not a must have   fresher community   slow leveling maybe   also maybe no overuse of teleporting and phasing and cross realm stuff   tighter community/world feels like a proper community   TLDR: mmo with a soul, like old wow, with leveling slow enough so you can run into the same people and sort of build a community, but also maybe modern like tera  thanks in advance
[rogue legacy]	Basically my problem is that roguelikes tend to be super fun, but I get frustrated having to restart every time a tiny mistake is made and I die. By pick up and play, I mean I'm not in the mood to sit through cutscenes, and just want it to be more arcade style where I'm dropped into the action.  Broforce and Castle Crashers are both examples of what I'm thinking of, but I'd prefer a bit more character progression (picking up upgrades or leveling up skills) and RPG elements, while still sticking with the fast paced "jump in and play" style.
[super mario rpg, super nintendo, paper mario]	I made a list of all your suggestions and have at least tried about 70% of them so far. The M&amp;L&amp;PM game was awesome. I played it through in three days. We also bought one of the Ace Attorney games and I'm so excited to play it! I'm hoping that by pinpointing what games I liked and what I didn't, you guys can give me some more.  All I want in the world is something that makes me as happy as Paper Mario. All of them. They embody everything I love in a game. Not too serious, always knowing what the next thing to do is, little puzzles in order to advance, collecting companions along the way, having a main quest but having tons of side quests, and the turn-based fighting.  I've almost finished Stacking, and it's effing great, almost exactly what I want.  I know I risk being excommunicated for this, but I played Undertale for about fifteen minutes and had no idea what I was doing. I kept sinking into the sand.  Psychonauts, Castle Crashers, and Recettear didn't work on my computer so I'm going to see if I can use them on my man's systems.  Some games I've loved in the past: Paper Mario, obviously; MarioGalaxy 1&amp;2, DeBlob 1&amp;2, Costume Quest 1&amp;2, Animal Crossing, Luigi's Mansion Dark Moon, Telltale Game of Thrones (an outlier, I know), Sims Medieval. Professor Layton was aight.  Games I've HATED: Call of Duty, Halo, any first-person game where you just shoot stuff, and Epic Mickey, lol. I really don't like Epic Mickey.  The systems I personally have available are PC, 3DS, PS3, and Wii. My man has a PS4 and an XBOX360 but he's super protective of them.  Please please find my next game to obsess over!
[the witcher]	Ok call me girly or whatever, but I like horses and I think unicorns are fairly awesome as far as mythological / magical creatures go.      Are there any games that have unicorns in them in cool / badass ways?      I know about things like **Robot Unicorn Attack**, and I'm sure there's other games that use the 'meme' aspect of unicorns, making them super sparkly and rainbow-y and pink and whatnot - that's not really what I'm interested in.      What I already know:      * **Pryzm: The Dark Unicorn**     This one's a PS2 adventure game and I would maybe play it if my friend hadn't already told me the gameplay is incredibly silly and repetitive (I tried it for like 15 minutes and the game design is pretty bad)   * **Secret of the Magic Crystal**    Not really serious either, played it for shits and giggles with a friend, but it has very obvious problems.      So, my question remains: Are there any cool fantasy games that feature Unicorns? Bonus points if you can control or ride the unicorn.      Edit: should have specified platform: Preferably PC, but I'm glad for suggestions on any of the following: Wii, Wii U, PS2, PS3, PS4, iOS, Web/Browser      Edit2: Most suggestions so far have been about one unicorn enemy or mount that is very unimportant in the game. Maybe I should have phrased my question more specific: are there fantasy games *about* Unicorns? 
[baldur's gate, icewind dale]	I'm looking for an online co-op RPG to play with friends who don't live in the same place as me.  Can't be first person (it tends to make one of the people motion-sick), should have a story rather than just fights, and can be played enjoyably in short (~ 2 hour) sessions.  Ideally the game play would be such that the game is still fun if the different players have different levels of gaming skill.  Any genre other than sports would be ok (fantasy, superhero, crime, whatever).  Also, it's unimportant whether it's a "latest and greatest" game; an older, high quality game is fine.  None of us are avid gamers, so even if you think there's an obvious answer, please share.          Writing it all out, it seems like a long list of wants.  Any suggestions? Thanks!
[vampire: the masquerade - bloodlines, avadon: the black fortress, temple of elemental evil, shadowrun returns, icewind dale 2, baldur's gate, geneforge, geneforge, underrail, avernum, avernum, game on]	This is going to sound really dumb because I can't exactly describe what I'm looking for. Fallout 4 was great, in it's own way. I like the settlements(though clunky) and the ability to break down junk to further yourself. I was less impressed with the five minute quests and how the main campaign wasn't really immersive at all. In Fallout 1 &amp; 2 the theme, the story, the essence really was perfect, I got lost in a weird world of strange happenings and customization where anything could be right around the corner. The problem is going back, the gameplay and graphics are murder. I feel like Fallout 3 was a happy median between the two poles and that balance started to break with New Vegas.   So, I've played the Elder Scrolls series, Baldur's Gate, NWN, Mass Effect, The Witcher, Dragon Age, Planescape, Arcanum, KotOR, Bloodline, Bard's Tale, Bioshock(the first two were on the mark),  Diablo, Wasteland 2 from what I've seen looks promising, Stubbs(I loved, but could've been expanded a lot) Metro didn't do it for me, Borderlands was a mixed experience, environment was right, story and gameplay was not. I know I'm a difficult customer and I've already tasted most of the top shelf of RPGs here but is there anything I've missed? I need something that'll enthrall, disgust and bewilder me again without making me gouge my eyes out dealing with the Infinity engine. Something within the last 20 years that'll strike a chord with my inner sense of wonder. I know it's a tall order, and I'm not really expecting any answers, but it's a hope against hope.   PS this is for PC. 
[kingdoms of amalur: reckoning, dragon's dogma, dragon's dogma, inquisition*]	I am basically looking for a **non-linear** RPG for PC where you get to make choices like:        - what race/class to be       - do good or bad deeds        - join certain factions       - etc        **EDIT:** *Oh yea, I forgot to mention which games I've already played:*        - Fallout Series  - The Elder Scrolls Series  - Gothic/Risen Series  - Old games like Baldur's Gate and Arcanum  - The Whitcher Series  *And examples of linear RPG games (in my opinion):*    - Dragon Age: Origins  - Mass Effect 2     
[persona 4, pick up]	Hello, I have been struggling to find a recent RPG or JRPG with a strong story and hook here are the recent RPG and JRPG games I have completed:  Witcher 3,  FF XIII (part 1, part 2 and part 3),  Dark Souls ,  Fallout 4 ,  FF 7,  Oblivion,   Skyrim,  Borderlands series,  GTA 5,  Saints Row 4, Mass Efect Series.  Yes I have played a lot of the most recent RPG's and I release Dark Souls 3 is an option, but I am really itching for something new. Any recommendations?  Thank you all for the recommendations I was not expecting this much thank you so much!!
[final fantasy tactics, fire emblem]	So, I like rts games (Starcraft series, WarCraft TFT, Warhammer 40k DoW, CoH) and turn-based strategy (Panzer Corps). BUT... I don't like multitasking (because I am noob), so SC and WC are tough for me (but I like them, I was top platinum at SC) and games like Panzer Corps have very large maps with many units, at least for me (especially advanced scenarios). So I am looking for rts or turn-based strategy game with relatively small map, minimum micro-management, minimum multitasking and with not-so-many units. Can you help me, please?
[pillars of eternity, endless legend, distant worlds, wasteland 2, to the moon, undertale, xenonauts]	I grew up a pc gamer for almost a decade has been playing mostly on consoles except for skyrim which Ive been modding to the point it crashes when I'm finally getting into a roll with a character. I don't exactly have a huge amount of time to play anymore though so its hard to get really trapped like I used to. Anywho games Ive absolutely loved are: Zelda, homeworld, Bioshock!!!, Age of empires, Stronghold Crusader, Wizardry 8, Skyrim, Forza, Battlefield, rainbow 6 siege, KOTOR, star wars Empire at war, Starcraft (non competitively mostly single player) Rouge Squadron, halo, Jedi outcast.   I kinda think games dont get you emotionally involved anymore but maybe I'm old and cynical and cant delve into games like I used to. I notice most the games I like really immerse you into the situation or involve alot of strategy  Thanks!
[stardew valley]	I remember that as a kid I played the demo of this game called "Far West". It's a game where you have your ranch and try to grow it by selling cattle and I think you could also invest in various businesses. You had to deal with sicknesses that can affect your livestock and bandits that occasionally come by for a friendly visit.   I'm looking for games that rely on same principle,  you have to build/grow something (only thing I can think of is a business, but maybe there's something else out there). The setting is not important, can be prehistoric or futuristic for all I care. Adversity in form of competitors would be nice, but not necessary.   I'm not looking for city builders (Cities: Skylines) or games like Anno, it's more games which focus on a single business that I can manage. A sort of hybrid is Tropico, which gives me control of a small city/island, but is much simpler than Anno's production chains. 
[monster hunter generations, monster hunter 4 ultimate]	Hey first reddit post but I was curious, what y'all opinion on hand held gaming in 2016? Like people say oh it's gone and it's all down hill now with mobile phones filling the gap but I find myself wishing I had something to game on while on the bus or train to university.   My phones good sure but with the galaxy S6 I need to chose between gaming, audio and being social. I can only use two if I want my phone to last like 1/2 the day haha.   So my question is, do you think it's worth buying a psp in 2016 or am I better off just making do with mobile gaming? 
[diablo]	Games that feature Gothic architecture and elaborate detail get a plus, and FPS games like this get a double-plus! Think hellish, dark orange-red skies, tortured souls, lots of dark corners and big, Gothic buildings.   A few extra games for visual inspiration aesthetically: Dante's Inferno, Clive Barker's Jericho, Devil Daggers, some parts of Quake 1, elements of Bloodbourne.   Some related images: [1](http://, [2](https://, [3](https://, [4](http://
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r.]	So Metro 2033 is one of my favorite games, and I haven't actually finished it. It felt like it did this more poorly as it went on but at least at the start of that game it provides a fantastic survival experience. It guides you where you need to go, but you still feel kind of lost and have to be creative at times. You (almost) always have enough to do what you need to do, but it always feels like you're on the edge. You never know what's coming up, or how far it will be until the next settlement. I remember my first experiences on Minecraft being similar. I feel like this is what "survival" should mean in games. So, what else out there gives this feeling?
[devil may cry 4: special edition, path of exile, path of exile, dark souls 3, action games, torchlight 2, glory days, this game, this game, bayonetta, out there, diablo 2, wii u, wii u]	Besides a few flaws, I would basically look for something similar to MGR:Revengeance.  I am not against MMORPGs per se, and actually would love to have some PvP of some sort.  Yet, I usually feel like online ping makes for a slower gameplay overall. Here's a similar list of games and what I dislike about them :  * Tera : Has a pretty good gameplay overall but spells feel very restricted. Characters are pretty slow when moving, and I prefer the idea of a fast dash rather than a somewhat sloppy roll.  * MOBAs : I like the mechanics overall but dislike the lack of personalization and/or teamplay enhancement   * Victor Vran : The ideas and personalisation overall are pretty fun, but the gameplay often feels like it is only a matter of stats and not skillful plays.  * Elsword/Continent of the Ninth Seal : Games that fit my demand the most out of everything I could check so far, yet the games don't really seem to revolve around dodging/outsmarting the enemies because of a slight lack of mobility.  * Diablo 3 : Is actually pretty good as such, and was a good experience yet the endgame isn't appealing to me ; I'm not into endless grind this much.  Thank you for the suggestions!
[metal arms: glitch in the system]	I'm looking for a game that meets these criteria:  - Set in the future or a futuristic type of setting - You play as something that is not a person (robot are ok) - Weapons enhancements or new moves are a big feature - At least three somewhat interesting characters with speaking lines - Third-person perspective  I've been recently playing Ratchet &amp; Clank (PS4), and I think I'm going to finish soon. Looking for more games in that vein. Mega Man 7, Mega Man X1-8, Mega Man ZX/ZXA for example, would fall into this criteria.  Games that missed the mark for me:  Fallout - you play as a person, a lot of it seems to be focused on first-person perspective  Metroid - most of the games I played had a maximum of two somewhat interesting characters with speaking lines. Not a big emphasis on weapons enhancements (unless you count literally having more missiles in your inventory as an enhancement)  I kind of feel like this criteria is a bit picky, but I'm wondering if there's a series that I just flat out missed somewhere.
[hearts of iron 3]	I'm looking for a few really good deep war games to add to my collection. I am talking military tactics and maneuver. Some logistics but not AS MUCH a focus on economy/tech like a 4x/Civ/Total War game.  Specifically, I would love a game that has campaign modes that are good vs cpu as well as random scenarios/maps.  Thinking in the vein of   * Norm Koger's Operational Art of War * Advanced Tactics * Combat Mission  Don't mind low graphics. Just as long as there are deep tactical strategic game-play and on higher settings high difficulty (without complete AI cheating).  Dosen't have to be WWII, could be medieval or sci-fi - but prefer more realistic, front/fleet and formation management.  Any Suggestions?
[rocket league]	Bored of Dota 2, don't feel like playing anything single player right now so I need a new online game to get into.  I have a few conditions though:  - No Dota-clones  - No Diablo-clones  - No Blizzard games  - Not CSGO, Battlefield or CoD  - Not WoW, GW2 or EVE  - No fighting games  - Not pay to win(Not even "mild" p2w like League, I'm fine with buying the game or a one time purchase that unlocks everything[Smite, Killer Instinct etc.])  I realize that eliminates most titles out there, but that's why I'm asking here.
[pillars of eternity, planescape torment, baldur's gate, icewind dale]	The game FTL is a weird mix between turn-based and real-time. Everything happens in real-time, but the pause button is mapped to the spacebar\*, and it's a core part of gameplay. You can pause at any time and give any number of orders, then hit the spacebar again to watch the results of your orders being carried out.  \* Because you're going to be hitting it a lot.  Recently I've been watching Jesse Cox play Starcraft II, and it looks really fun, but I hate to be rushed when deciding on a strategy. I want to be able to take as much time as I need to choose the exact right orders and carry them out. I don't think well under pressure at all and it makes the experience more stressful than enjoyable.  **TL;DR:**  - A traditional singleplayer RTS. Build a base, harvest resources, build units, fight the enemy, etc. - Where you can pause at any time, and give orders to your units while the game is paused.
[pillars of eternity]	I can't seem to find a game I really enjoy anymore.  I play on PC and play mostly RPG or racing games, with RPG being the main focus of this post.  I love a good story, but combat is just as important.  I tried Witcher 1 and the combat was so clunky I didn't play it for more than a few hours.  Dark Souls was fun, but I felt like there was no point.  It was just hard for the sake of being hard.  That's cool, but it just isn't for me.  The last great game I played was the Dragon Age series and I can't tell you how much I loved it.  Everything about the whole series was amazing.  Loved Skyrim/Oblivion as well.  Been playing Dragon's Dogma recently but the story isn't really pulling me in.   I browse Steam and all I seem to find are shooters/2D indie type stuff, which I have no interest in at all.   Suggestions would be much appreciated.  Thanks!
[the stanley parable]	So I've been playing the Magic Circle lately and I'm enjoying it alot.  I was right to get into this without knowing a single thing about it.  I'm a sucker for being pulled under by the proverbial rug and was curious if there were anymore.  Other games like this I've played are Spec Ops: The Line and Gone Home.  In an age where the Internet and Youtube can just spoil it for you, playing these games add a bit more spice to the experience of knowing.  Basically I'm looking for games where all I need to know is the 1-sentence summary or the title to play.  By the by, please tell me if the game in question is a horror game.  I mean I get that the surprise might be that it's actually scary or dark and twisted, but I deserve to know what I'm getting into like Layers of Fear or the Last Door.  I'm looking for an experience, not a heart attack. 
[dragon's dogma, lol]	I'm looking for building/sandbox games that won't monopolize my attention - the sort of thing I can idly interact with while I'm watching videos or listening to music. Ideally it wouldn't be simplistic to the point of boring, just slow-paced and not especially cerebral. Games I've played while watching/listening to other things include city builders, 4X games, and even Long War, but right now I'm interested in something less demanding. The best example I can think of is Minecraft on peaceful mode, but I have played that game to death and I'm looking for something different.  Thanks!
[stars!, stars!]	My high priority requirements:  - It should work on Linux or it should be platform independent.  - It should be something similar to PBEM, when I can play my turn when I have a time (one or a few turns per day).  - It should be a pretty complex war simulation with a fog of war, upkeep costs, supply system etc. It must have a map and locations, not only numbers.  - No pay-to-win, click-more-to-win, spawn-earlier or play-longer-and-have-more-levels-to-win. It doesn't need to be free.  - It should be player vs player oriented. Not a singleplayer incremental game with multiplayer as an addition.  - It should be easy to join or create a game and find players. It should have a community of players with a forum.  - It should not have a very complex economy system, I want to focus more on combat than building.  Low priorities:  - I like the Dark and Middle Ages and space opera and I don't like typical childish, candy, non-sense fantasy (Heroes for example) and World War II.  - It should have an online ranking system similar to Elo.
[stardew valley, 15 minutes, rimworld, oh no!]	So I get up pretty early in the morning, and have my coffee while I chat with my wife. I have maybe 30 minutes to an hour every morning in which I could be playing a game. The issue is, a lot of my favorite games (usually big, immersive, RPGs like The Elder Scrolls), I like to play for hours on end with headphones on, getting really into the world.   I can't do that in the morning though, and would like something that I can play while chatting with my wife and that I can more or less save and exit at any time.  I don't want a game like Tetris, where you just play until you want to leave and then that's it though. I want a game I can make meaningful progress in, a little every day. Not really looking for rogue-likes right now.  Here are a few games I've been considering that would match the criteria. Let me know of some more suggestions please!  * **City Builders:** Like Cities:Skylines, Tropico, Anno, etc. These seem to be a good match. I can chat no problem, not a lot of dialogue to focus on, and I can save and quit any time (at least in Cities: Skylines, I haven't actually played the others but I'm guessing that's the case).  * **The Sims:** Would work well, but I'm not feeling it much right now.  * **Rollercoaster Tycoon**  Most of the games I can think of are simulator type games but I'm open to other suggestions! I'm also curious about **XCOM: Enemy Unknown**. I've heard great things about this game and picked it up during a sale. I haven't tried it yet, but would this game fit my criteria?
[gta]	I only get to see one of my friends once a week, for about 4 hours on some Sundays. We had a blast playing Until Dawn because we were both fully engaged in the decision making process.  I was thinking we could play  Noire (probably the complete edition) and enjoy solving some mysteries together. I know the game is very on rails which is good so we don't get lost and the person not playing doesn't get bored but I was wondering how long everything takes in the game.   If I do all the main story missions and nothing else, how much time will be spent driving or doing other activities that may not be fun for one person to watch? 
[don't starve]	Hello   I'm just wondering what the best survival game in your opinion is and what makes it worth investing time into to?   I'll be playing with 1-2 other people and we're down for buying whatever game is considered the best. If at all possible please list pros,cons.  We're more interesting in the pvp aspects and base building if that helps at all.   I currently own rust, ark and hurtworld.   I played hurtworld a couple days and enjoyed it but it's lacking a little right now and I feel we'd do better in a more up to date game.   I haven't tried rust yet and The official ark servers listed at 20 ping for me seemed to be about 150 when actually playing, rubberbanding dinos etc.  Please let me know what you recommend we play :) thanks.
[dark souls]	So, as the title says, I'm looking for a game with great replayablity. I love leveling and managing my character, travelling and overall roleplaying. I have tried and loved games such as Fallout series, TES, Arcanum, Borderlands, a lot of zombie shooters, HoMM series. I have shadowrun, XCOM. Also tried Neo Scavenger, Factorio, Dragon Age series. I'm not sure what more popular games I haven't tried. It can be indie, pixel(voxel), dungeon crawler. But I really want it to have rpg elements, managing of the party if there are followers. Also roleplay elements would be nice such as talking with NPC's, relationships etc. I would prefer a single player game over multiplayer or even an MMO. Thank you a lot for suggestions ^_^
[crusader kings]	I like the final parts of games, where I am already at the top and can play with the others like a cat with mice. However, at that point the game either concludes quickly, or, if I stall, just drags on without much action.   I'm thinking a game where I can become like the US in real world. They can decisively influence everything, but at the same time they cannot just destroy everyone else and win the game. They must continue playing, and their superiority is not guaranteed forever, so they must also play well, lest they lose their power.
[antichamber]	So, yeah, this is kind of an ambiguous petition but I'm curious to see your interpretation.   I'm not a (serious) gamer but I want to take my brain outside the comfort zone.  By the way, I'm currently sick and I'm on a gaming/movie marathon.  _____________________________________  So here's my to do list...  - ~~Review Hotline Miami~~ (Thanks u/Liambp!)  - ~~Review Antichamber~~   (Thanks u/bobalob_wtf!)  - ~~Review Bioshock~~ (Thanks u/What_The_Fuck_Guys!)  - Review Stanley Parable. (Thanks u/longbowrocks!)  - Review LSD: Dream Simulator and Dwarf Fortress (Thanks u/tf2guy!)  - Review The Witness (Thanks u/50M31!)  - Review Professor Layton (Thanks u/gianttabby!)  - Review Anna (Thanks u/JonnyRocks!)  - Review Fez (Thanks u/bluenfee!)  - Review SOMA (Thanks u/Flameguard27!)  -  everything else that you guys think that deserves a buy... until I get broke  If you have film suggestions, go ahead, I'm curious to watch your favorite movies.  _____________  Hotline MiamI  The good:   - You will hit the restart button A LOT.  - Weird plot. In the first missions I started making theories of what was happening.   - Fast paced gameplay with a touch of strategy. Unique.  - You have to love the graphics.  - The soundtrack fits the art style.   - The tutorial lasts 1 minute : Simplistic mechanics.  - BLOOD BLOOD BLOOD!  - Decent AI  - The score system gives the game some replay value. It rewards the player for playing smart.  The ugly?:  - :( You have to kill doggies (Nah, I joke. It's irrelevant for the review... but not for my heart &lt;/3)      ______________________  Antichamber  The good:  - No explicit objective. Discover the way out of a dream full of loops, paradoxes, puzzles and philosophical clues.  - The majority of the world is painted blank, the contrast with other colors amplifies the effect of the game. Also, it does a favor to the eye. The developers made the right choice.   - Challenging puzzles.  - The soundtrack is not that invasive. The music matches the feeling of... of... of playing Antichamber. Just great!  - WTF?  - There's something magical about solving puzzles in a world you don't understand. (Just like real life)   The bad:  - No replay value, unless you are into speed runs.    9/10   ________________  Bioshock  The good:  - The atmosphere makes you feel not welcome.  - Plasmids, a city underwater... All of this make the game innovative  - You can fear every sound you spontaneously hear. The sound effects are great!  - "Big Daddy" takes a different new meaning. When you shoot those things accidentally, you're screwed.  - Truly elaborated and engaging plot. Props to the writers, this game is a literature masterpiece. (Not for everyone, though)   - The game mechanics, the atmosphere, the script... EVERYTHING proves that games can be art.  - It has light strategy and stealth. You can take out a Big Daddy without using bullets if you're creative - FUCKING GREAT!  The bad:  - The hack mini game gets a little annoying.    
[monster hunter, dragons dogma, dark souls, out there]	I've recently started to lose interest in CS:GO, my current "go-to" game, and i've started to think about trying to find a new game to fill the gap to play.  I'm looking for a game that has either good progression and lengthy story (singleplayer) that could keep me entertained for a long time. Or a multiplayer game with a nice leveling system etc. (Like cod or battlefield)  Only type of games i don't really like are MOBA's, and if you want you can check my (steam profile)[] for what games i have and if there's currently a game in my library that i should play.
[dayz, gta]	We're a group of scientists soon starting an experiment on social aggression, and we want to test aspects of that through a game, if a suitable game exists (we have other tests).  The game needs the following things:  1: Not be famous (aka GTA as that would be a good choice).  2: Present the player with multiple options, all "fun", all equally viable and non rewarding/punishing, were at least one of those options is an aggressive, perhaps even psychopathic option.  3: Immersion. Not necessarily only in graphics, but the weight of an aggressive action shouldn't be funny or non-existent. Talking about screaming in agony, pain, those left behind, etc.  4: A way to count number of aggressive actions, through a mod or in the games own statistics.  5: Easy to learn. Someone with no gaming background should be able to start playing fully within 3-4 minutes.  and  6: be limited in time and space of options. So a small world GTA would be good, but we want to avoid the option that someone say finds a bike and roams around for 30 minutes, whereas another participant doesn't find that bike.  So in summary, I think the ideal game would be something like a small world GTA (just a building block or something), but not well known to most. Or something like a closed room with several options, where one option is to do bad things. Almost like the source engine demo, for those who tried that when it got leaked.  I could make something with the source engine, but time is limited, and it's ages since I made stuff like that.  Bonus: if the game runs on a little bit older computers.  Thank you :)
[star citizen]	I would like to play a sand box-ish game that has space and planet exploration kind of like what No Man Sky is trying to do. However, I don't like how isolated from other players NMS makes me feel. I like being able to name stuff and it show up in other peoples games but I want to be able to come up on someone naming a hippocow thing and blast them in the face or maybe something less violent (trade, help, recruit to my clan).   I'd also like to see large ships that require you to team up with others to make work. Interior spaces someone has to visit to do a task while fighting or traveling or else the ship blows up or something. Bigger the ship, larger the "crew" needed. Two person scout, four person cruiser, eight person something else nautical kind of stuff and so on.   &lt;random thought&gt; I know one of the first things I thought about on this is that I would hate to be stuck in engineering or something while one of my friends is up on the bridge giving orders. However, anyone who plays MMOs with a clan/tribe/guild already does a version of this. DPS (DPSes? DPSs? Damage Dealers), Healers and Tanks are not that far off from Pilots, Gunners and Engineers. &lt;/random thought&gt; (you're welcome fans of old HTML script references!)  Anyway, that is what I'm looking for and Google doesn't seem to care. Every time I put space in a search I get directed to EVE, No Man Sky or a video of SpaceX doing something cool IRL. To recap, I'd like a game where I team up with my friends to operate a ship that explores space and planets for the purpose of mining, trading, making money, killing or recruiting people in order to get bigger/more ships and explore more space and planets.   Please let me know if there is anything like this out there. Otherwise, feel free to PM me and we can jump on Teamspeak or something and make space sounds to each other instead. 
[minecraft]	I like the possibilities you have in Space Engineers, like making a cool base and connecting everything with conveyors, and pistons and managing power, etc. And of course making ships! In Factorio, I love starting out with nothing and ending up with a huge automated base. Anything more like this? I've heard of Farlight Explorers and Empyrion but I'm not conviced to buy any of them just yet.  **I'm looking for:**   * First/third person   * Crafting like Factorio/Space Engineers   * Base building   * Need singleplayer option    **I'm NOT looking for:**   * Multiplayer only   * Low tech survival games (pick up some rocks and sticks and make a hut) like The Forest.     
[path of exile]	So I have played League of Legends for around 4 years now. I would consider myself a fairly casual gamer in general. I mainly only play with friends. League is one of the very few games that I have been able to actually enjoy playing solo. I am getting somewhat tired of it, however.   I really like how it is a deep enough game that I feel like I was always learning things. On the other hand, I liked how it wasn't so involved that I had to no-life to stay somewhat competitive. I am fairly busy, so I prefer to spend my few hours a week dedicated to one game. I also have a laptop that is somewhat decent performance wise, but not terrific (I can run league around medium-high settings at 60 fps).  Basically, I am looking for a moderately deep game that I can sink some time into. Having fairly low system specs is a must. I would prefer to stay away with MOBA's and FPS's. I would kind of prefer to try out a mmorpg, as well. As a broke college student, free to play is an added benefit, but not necessary. 
[stardew valley, turn it]	I'm looking for a game that lets you start as a nobody, and progress to an influential person, or get an empty plot of land and expand it, etc. Basically to focus on management, expansion, leveling up instead of fighting. I enjoyed Banished, Civ Colonization, Sims (in terms of starting poor and earning to build better house), Guild (expanding business), Patrcian. I really like exploring the world and claiming resourses/land, or improving the buildings. Skyrim and Witcher 3 have the overall feeling that I like, but it's too RPG-like rather than what I'm looking for.  If you remember, once there was a popular game Ultima Online. You could develop your char as you wished, craft, build a house and fill it with items, etc. Even turn into a dragon and gather cotton )) Maybe something similar, but newer? Anything that lets you start as a zero and expand your land/business, but not obsessively miromanage it.
[bioshock]	After getting done with the original deponia series and spending hours solving the puzzles and developing a connection with the characters, the ending left me unsatisfied to say the least. In fact it made me angry and felt like a joke, but the rest of the game was perfectly fine.  So with that said I'm looking for a game where I can have a good time while also wrapping it up nicely at the end. The conclusion doesn't have to be good or bad, but it shouldn't feel like a cop out . It sounds subjective because it is, but I'd rather not spend 20 hours and feel like my time was wasted. Anyway just looking for what y'all have played so I can give it a shot. I need to wash the taste of what happened out of my mouth.
[medieval war]	Lately I've been itching for a fantasy game that makes me feel like a wandering adventurer. Typically this means open world games that let you roam and play the game as you see fit. The most obvious contenders for this would be the Elder Scrolls series (Morrowind in particular), but also games like Dragon's Dogma, Two Worlds, or Risen.  What I want to know is what game have you played that made you feel like an adventurer? It doesn't have to be open world or even fantasy, just any game that makes you feel like a good old fashioned murder-hobo. 
[minecraft]	I enjoy playing games like the Souls series and Hearthstone, each for their own reasons, but lately I've been craving a game where you are a mad scientist/wizard.   A) A game where you can experiment and create creatures that explore the world and enter combat, which is not Spore or the game from the same company.  B) A magic game where actually have to earn the magic you cast by solving puzzles and doing research to unlock spells and schools of which there are many. There are many hidden secrets that you have to work to unravel, and you even might miss some of them.  You can research and create systems of magic. Some of them can even be useless, and hilarious like ie. reinforce - strengthen a target. Beware beyond a certain limit, the target will implode. Then you create a slime and engrave the system onto the slime that multiplies when it dies. I randomly targets enemies and duplicates itself!
[gta, bfv]	I like helicopter combat games and I became particularly adept at the way it's done in Battlefield Vietnam and found it's approach tremendously fun with the perfect balance between realism (to the extent that I can guess it *seems* real) and gameplay.   People complained that the helicopters were particularly hard to control but that was what was so fun about them because it wasn't  a helicopter simulation game, it was a combat game, yet if you were using the helicopters you had to contend with the fact that there was almost as high a chance that you'd miscalculate or have an accident while flying and die that way as you would from the combat itself unless you mastered it in which case you could absolutely dominate with it. What I particularly liked about the BFV choppers was that many of them weren't nimble, responsive, small fighters but were lumbering, unwieldy sluggish things but which could with skill become very well manouvered.  What are some of the best games with helicopters in them? 
[ninja gaiden, metal gear]	Hello people,  So every time i get bored i start searching for games like Darksiders and end up finding nothing, witch always result in me reinstalling Darksiders 2. now having completed that game a good 10 times im done with it and need something else.  I see stuff like Bayonetta and God of War, but those are all console games (i don't own a console...). So i was wondering if any of you could recommend me a game like Darksiders, Bayonetta or God of War for pc. Now im not the biggest fan of realistic, and love to have some flashy fast phase stuff. but im always willing to try out new things!  Thanks in advance, Lotus~  **Edit** Apperently the thing that i am looking for is called: spectacle fighters
[final fantasy ix]	Hey! I've been looking for a while now for some new games but I can't really find anything that would interest me so that's why I'm posting here maybe you guys can help me.  &amp;nbsp;  I would prefer it to be a PC game but if it's possible to emulate it (like GBA/DS/PS2 etc.) then that's ok too. Both jRPGs and western RPGs are fine.  &amp;nbsp;  What is important to me is that the game must be polished and aesthetically appealing and by that I don't mean necessarily high quality modern 3d graphics. It just has to be able to create this illusion of a different world/story so I can immerse myself. A good example would be Baldur's Gate II, Gothic II, Golden Sun, Dragon Quest VIII or Morrowind. It doesn't matter if it's 2D or 3D, I just don't like when a game is a bunch of randomly thrown streched out textures and objects that don't make much sense and just looks awful. No raw/minimalistic graphics either please :)  &amp;nbsp;  Apart from the graphics it's also important that the game has music and sound effects. Even really basic but still.  &amp;nbsp;  When it comes to game mechanics;     It would be nice if you could travel around the world to some degree. A map with different zones or seamless world. I'm not a big fan of games like Final Fantasy Tactics Advance where you just get "teleported" to different missions. I like being able to control my character outside fights so I can for example wander around the town. Stuff like that.  &amp;nbsp;  I'd prefer the game's combat to be turn-based but it's not a must as long as the combat mechanics are interesting/challenging. Still I'd rather have my character's skills decide of the outcome of a battle than my own. Whether it's a game where you control a single character or a party doesn't matter that much.  &amp;nbsp;  Story-wise just anything really, as long as it's not overly silly, immersion breaking or a parody. Oh and lastly no hack and slash, dungeon crawler or MMO please :)    &amp;nbsp;    Here's a list of games I have already played and finished.    &amp;nbsp;    Western RPG:  &amp;nbsp;  Age of Decadence   Arcanum   Baldur's Gate I, II, ToB   Deus Ex   Divinity Original Sin   Fallout 1, 2, Tactics, 3, New Vegas   Gothic I, II, NotR   King's Bounty TL, AP, WotN   Knights of the Chalice   KotOR I, II   Might and Magic X Legacy   Neverwinter Nights I, II (and all expansions)   Morrowind   Oblivion   Pillars of Eternity   Planescape Torment   Risen   Skyrim   Temple of Elemental Evil   The Witcher 1, 2, 3   Wasteland 2   Wizardry 8    &amp;nbsp;  jRPG:    &amp;nbsp;  Breath of Fire Dragon Quarter   Chrono Trigger   Dark Souls   Dragon Quest VIII   Final Fantasy VI, VII, VIII, X   Final Fantasy Tactics Advance   Golden Sun I, II, Dark Dawn   Growlanser Generations   Pokemon (various versions)   Tales of Symphonia   Vagrant Story    &amp;nbsp;    There's probably more games that I've played but can't remember right now. Anyway I know I might have quite high expectations (probably that's why I can't find anything lol) but still I hope there are still few games I haven't discovered yet and hope you can help me find them. Thanks in advance :D
[hyper light drifter]	I'm in the mood for a 2D dungeon crawler, but really can't find anything good myself. Why? Because it seems like every goddamn game of this kind in existence has to be either a roguelike or have levels that are completely randomly generated (sometimes even both), and I don't want either of those things. Can you suggest a game that:  * has you play as a single character throughout the entire game * has RPG elements * has dungeons that are designed by hand (and designed well), and not randomly generated * has you control your character directly (both movement and attacks, not diablo style point and click) * has fluid combat * is fantasy themed  Thanks in advance.
[castle crashers]	I'm looking for some fun games to play with my niece when she stays with me this summer.  I have a computer and Wii, and I have friends willing to loan me their Xbox or Playstation.   Her parents are super strict and have never really let her play video games so this will kinda be a first for her. They said I could let her game while she's at my house as long as it's family friendly stuff.  So it's gotta be PG or PG-13, multiplayer, and not super frustrating for someone who is new to gaming.   I'm thinking the Lego games are a good example.  Any other ideas?
[brothers in arms]	Expanding on the title, I was hoping someone could throw me the names of some singeplayer game(s) where the player isn't the crux of the action/plot development/game progression, and is an individual that is part of a group that carries out their actions while I can simply play alongside them.    The best example I can think of is ARMA3, where I can play as a single soldier without needing to command anyone, while NPCs carry out their objectives, which I can escort/help them with.   I've also enjoyed SWAT4, but find it too player-oriented. Warband is another nice example, but in order to be part of a larger group, I need to follow other lords around, and it takes quite a long time (too long to actually play as a "soldier" in the lord's army) for lords to actually fight one another.  I should also mention that I've tried the top-down shooter where you play as a little green soldier in an army, but for some reason I find non-3d games hard to enjoy for long.  **Basically, I'm hoping someone knows a game where I'm an individual in a group that doesn't need player-orders to complete objectives.**  Any suggestions?  
[metal gear solid]	Hi guys,  So I recently took a bit of a break from gaming as I kind of lost interest and it started to feel like a chore, and am now looking forward to it again. I really fancy hitting things off properly with a game that will suck me in. I'm having a bit of trouble figuring out what I really want to play but I do have a few criteria so I hope after reading them you might be able to give me some suggestions.  What I want in the game: Ideally I would like a 3rd person game with good control over the character, but 1st person would also do; I really want a story driven game - not necessarily completely out of the ordinary but a game with a really interesting story and a good narrative, I would like to feel a part of the story, and not like the story just happens around me.  Bonus points for: Good character arc, good relations between characters, collectibles, creepy atmosphere.  I am thinking of games similar to the following, but anything you think would fit the criteria above would be appreciated: The last of us, Bioshock infinite, Alan Wake, Spec ops the line, dead space (which I may play again), mass effect, the evil within (although character were terrible). I may play dead space again. I know that telltale games and quantic dream games are heavily story driven but I have played them or watched LP's already.  Thank you for your suggestions!
[eve online]	Hi all, I'm looking for suggestions for a game similar to one I used to play many years ago. It was called Federation and was a text-based (MUD style) game that started on AOL like 20 years ago.  Ibgames has a "new" incarnation of the game that's been around for a while. I have tried playing it but there's too much focus on grinding at the early levels. In the old game, you did some mindless hauling jobs at the beginning but pretty quickly got to do your own buying/selling of goods on gameload and player-made planets to make money. Then you built factories and if you turned a profit, eventually got your own planet. It was rolled with production and consumption in the various commodities and you also got some points to assign. Then you'd have to manage providing what was missing, buying it yourself or setting prices so others would sell to you, or getting players to build factories, and selling what you produced to make money so you could upgrade to the next tech level. There was also a great community around the game; people were friendly and social.  Here's a short list of the criteria I'm looking for:  * Sci-fi theme is a big plus but not required * Multiplayer with a social aspect * Economy-focused: buying/selling goods, managing a corporation/planet  I've played and enjoyed X3 but want something multiplayer. I tried Eve a few years ago and kinda enjoyed it but I'm not sure it's quite what I'm looking for (would be willing to try again). I'd like there to be a little less of a combat focus. I recently tried Ascent and it's kinda what I'm looking for but it's a little too... sandboxy? I don't know what it is but it doesn't really hit what I'm looking for.  Thanks in advance for any advice you can give!
[valiant hearts: the great war]	Hi,   I am looking for a game in the style of old Medal of Honor missions where You would go into a German base as an undercover soldier making careful decisions, showing fake German documents and such, trying to recover vital intel.   As little shooting as possible because my father has pretty bad coordination and only gets frustrated if he plays classic FPS-games.   He's a world war 1&amp;2 history enthusiast and I'd love to show him some games he might enjoy.  Titles we've tried:  - Return to the castle of Wolfenstein - Medal of Honor - Call of Duty - Rising Storm/Red Orchestra 2   All were unfortunately too coordination-heavy for him and he got discouraged rather quickly.  Help me out guys, thanks!
[the talos principle]	These are my top 5 games of all time:  1. Dark Souls 2 - I like the exploration, secrets, and difficulty in this. It's hard, but not impossible. With enough determination you can definitely do it. The combat is a bit clunky, but the variety of attacks and the rolling helps make up for it. The lack of forgiveness is amazing and is something that's been seldom explored since the original Zelda on NES.  2. Silent Hill 2 - I play this game purely for the puzzles and story. Everything about those two aspects is phenomenal. Is anybody here familiar with The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway, the album by Genesis? If so, this is the game version of that. Atmospheric with loads of plot and symbolism for people to explore for years to come. Plus the challenging puzzles are loads of fun.  3. Wind Waker - I love the large open world with so many places to explore plus the combat is fantastic! The plot isn't too much to talk about, but it does have a nice spin to make it more believable rather than "save the princess you just met". The puzzles are fun, the characters are very entertaining, and the art style is beautiful and fills me with joy.  4. Katamari Demacy - Not much to say, it just makes me happy. Cute music, cute graphics, an original idea (if you forget about Snake). It's just fun.  5. Portal - If you haven't caught a trend, I love puzzles and atmosphere. If a game has two of those things then I'm all set to go. Funny characters, an enjoyable plot, and great gameplay is all I need.  Consoles I have are PS2, Xbox 360, Wii, and 3DS.  I've also played Bethesda games as an FYI, so I know those fit right up my alley. Just thought I'd mention that. But I've only played some of Skyrim and Fallout 3, enough to feel content
[dying light]	So I'm looking for a new game to keep me occupied. As the title suggest, I have already played Terraria and Borderlands, and I'm looking for something in between. What bothered me with Terraria was the 2D. I could never really get into it because of that. Now Borderlands is an okay game, but its really made for groups. I don't mind playing online, but I prefer playing alone in these kind of games.   So:  1. A 3d game. Graphics/artstyle is not very important.  2. A lootsystem similar to Terraria and Borderlands   It can be a sandbox game, or have a story. It can be a shooter or melee combat. It can be 1st person or 3rd person.   It can't be hack and slash (Path of Exile, Diablo, Victor Vran). Minecraft is fun, but the loot system and enemies are too boring. RPG's like Skyrim and dragon age is not quite what I'm looking for.   I know a lot of you tend to recommend Mound and Blade warband, but I have played that (with mods) so much already. I also tried a game called Trove, but it was a bit too "childish". And WoW is just boring with the new expansion.  I know I'm very specific here, but every suggestion will be welcomed!
[planetside 2]	I've always wanted to play a multiplayer shooter that was more than just your standard stand in a map and shoot each other game. They're fun and all, but lately I've been wanting more to do than only kill the other player.  I think Destiny generally fits the bill for what I want, but it looks like there's no plans to put in on PC any time soon, and apparently games like Firefall are just not very good. Does "The Division" fit the bill of what I'm looking for? Or are there any other, better options that I'm unaware of? I've always enjoyed third person cover based shooters like Gears of War if that means anything.  I'll take a serious look into anything I'm recommended. Thanks!
[the binding of isaac]	Hey, this is an ongoing interest of mine, I know most of what's out there but I thought I'd put a request up here and see if someone could suggest something I hadn't heard of- the more obscure the better.  I really enjoy games where you get to build and design your character and your character kind of grows and changes radically over the course of the game to turn into something else. Weirdly, the other genre that does the best job of scratching this itch for me is spaceship games where you get to design your spaceship from pieces and upgrade as you go. But I really like it when it's some kind of biological character-level thing instead of just getting better equipment, like in some roguelike RPGs where your character accumulates beneficial mutations, or other games where your character is some creature that naturally changes depending on how they're played- [this game about "raising" a dragon is a great example](http://; the dragon changes in appearance and powers depending on how you play.  What I don't like are games that are an RNG dogpile, where random stuff happens to you constantly and it's only about reacting to these events and making the most out of them, and not about figuring out the mechanics and seeking out a build that's fun and effective.  Some games I already know:  Cataclysm: Dark Days Ahead  Caves of Qud  Kaiju-A-GoGo  Vampire: The Masquerade: Bloodlines  XCOM: Enemy Within  
[danganronpa, persona 4, persona 3]	I really like the use of level-up systems in Dating Sims, where you generally spend half a day or so doing some menial task of your choosing that awards you with money, or XP. Even something like HuniePop that includes a minigame is preferable, but I still like making a false-sense of emotional attachment to fictional characters, so that vapid sex-driven story telling in HuniePop is kind of off-putting. I just don't like having to spend 95% of the game reading inner dialogue. I've never found a dating sim that has a nice balance of feels and game. It's either a visual choose-your-destiny novel, or basic grind with hentai rewards. Any suggestions? I'm cool with bachelors or bachelorettes. Or, you know, anything simulator-y, really. Bored as balls.
[guild wars 2]	So I used to play Dragon Nest (EU) for a while after a friend recommended it to me, but after a server crash and not having much time to play either didn't really get back into it, and after some time stopped playing altogether. I'd like to start playing an MMORPG again, though, but I don't think I want to play Dragon Nest again.   Do you have any suggestions for (preferably free to play, but if they are great, you can of course also list games you enjoyed that have subscription fee/etc.) online RPGs I might enjoy? I prefer fantasy or science fiction settings, but I'm not very picky about everything else. One thing would be that I don't really like first person angle, though, and I'm somewhat of a gaming noob, so I'd be thankful if the basic controls don't need an exceedingly high amount of skills. :3  Thanks in advance for your ideas!
[starbound]	So I'll say, as many of us here, the first 1000 hours of Minecraft were amazing. I still load it up from time from time simply because there are very few, if any, games which have captured the ability to craft your own way to play the game, play your own story. No direction really, not being told what to do. Just open exploration and discovery.  Terraria. .. Meh. It quickly felt like a been there done that, as I've played tons of Minecraft mods which had already added the RPG mechanics that Terraria did.  Ark: Survival Evolved has been the only thing close enough to accomplish this same feeling. Though again, after exploring the different Biomes, knowing coasts like the back of my  grew dull.  That being said, I'm not expecting an infinite experience. The biggest key factor is the lack of direct story. I know a lot of people will most likely suggest The Witcher. If it didn't have an overarching story... If you could just build your own character, choose a town to start in and just explore, doing quests and immersing yourselves in the town, maybe you play the method of helping the beggars... Or killing everyone.  Well, that obviously brings me to Skyrim. Again. All the time in all the land I've spent playing the major Elder Scroll series games. So I've drained them pretty well, mods and DLC included.  As with many of us, I've got my eyes on No Man's Sky... But we'll see when it comes out. I'm more geared towards Fantasy, but thought of the endless exploration sounds awesome.  Any suggestions?  Thanks in Advance.
[fallout: new vegas, team fortress 2, the witcher, fallout 3, fallout 3, overwatch, las vegas, fallout 4]	So, I've decided that I need to quit playing League of Legends.  It takes up 90% of my gaming time, and I'd rather play another game that isn't so much of a time sink.  I also don't want to play something that has a constantly changing meta game like LoL or another MOBA.  I also play Football Manager and while that is really fun, I'd like to branch out and play other games as well.  Games that I've played and liked:  * Fallout 3 * South Park: Stick of Truth * Team Fortress 2  * Counter-Strike * Faster Than Light * Prison Architect * Civilization V * Smash Bros.  What do you suggest I should play?  Looking for a PC game or a 3DS game.
[underrail, underrail]	So I missed out on playing all the isometric RPGs back in the day, but I got into the Fallout series and played the first two games. I loved Fallout 1 and 2 so much that I tried to get into the other Interplay/Obsidian games made by Chris Avellone, etc. I tried Planescape: Torment but had no idea what the hell I was doing and gave up. Right now, I'm trying Pillars of Eternity and having the same problem. I have Divine Divinity and Divinity: Original Sin in my Steam catalogue which I am now reluctant to touch. I'm just getting my ass handed to me past the first few levels. I think the difference is that the Fallout games are turn-based and you only have to worry about leveling and equipping one character (minus the companions, but they are AI controlled and optional). The real-time combat with multiple party members just seems to really trip me up. Are there other Fallout-style isometric RPGs? Or am I just playing Planescape, Pillars, etc. wrong? I really want to like and play these games because they come from the same creators of Fallout, and they're supposed to be great. I just can't get into them, though.
[ark: survival evolved, minecraft]	My group of friends all play csgo like a religion. We all play esea and match making sometimes but at SMFC-GE there's always a hacker in the game. Yesterday one if my friends got extremely mad at another friend for playing bad in an esea game and that literally made him silent and uninstall steam. Most of us just want something that isn't a walking simulator, p2w or a moba. Most importantly something that won't make us want to kill ourselves after playing. If this helps at all, our ages range from 18-21.  Here's a list of games we've tried playing:  Dota 2  LoL  DayZ  Arma 2 DayZ  Arma 3  The Division  Rainbow Six Siege  GTA V  Gmod  Rocket League  Payday 2  H1Z1  Shellshock Live  Civ 5  Speedrunners  **These are just games we've played in the past couple years, added the list to avoid repeats. These are not games we get salty in.**
[warhammer: end times - vermintide]	Hi, sr for my bad English. I want to find fun pc games like Left 4 Dead 2 but without zombies. Because i dont like zombies and that so scare. But the game its very good and addictive, i can shoot, shoot, and shoot, i cant dead because healing by teamate. And i dont have to think about tacticals so much like other games like COD, HALO, CSGO,... So play this game its so much fun, but i fear zombies, if zombies replace by robots, aliens then thats is perfect. I need a game like L4D without zombies, pls help, thanks so much !   
[max payne]	So, 3rd person cover based shooter with at least a modicum of stealth.  Current time or near future, I loved Deus Ex and Deus Ex: HR, but that's not quite the setting I'm looking for.  Not looking for a lot of gadgets like you'd find in a Splinter Cell game (although I'm aware that so far I've pretty well described Blacklist).  Vehicles I can take or leave, but if there are vehicles, I want to be able to shoot from them (sorry Watch_Dogs, if gadgets didn't shut you down, this would).  By the end of the game, I don't want to have to be hyperspecialized in a particular weapon type, I'd rather be able to use pistols, SMGs, and longarms with equal ability than be the patron saint of shooting people with a revolver or something.  I've already played the Hitman games (besides the most recent one, which I'm not playing until single player doesn't require constant internet), the Splinter Cell games, Sleeping Dogs, Alpha Protocol, and Dishonored.  If I'm not missing something, I'll probably play Chaos Theory or Blacklist again.
[fire emblem]	First of all, I really love JA 2 and  even more. And of course XCOM, both old and new ones. What I'm looking for us something different and I hope you guys will help me. So here's the exact list of features I'd like to see in a game: 1. Units are transferred from mission to mission so you get really attached to them (and they are progressing of course). Having a strategic layer of gameplay like in JA/XCOM is even better. 2. Weapons are customizable. 3. Multiple approaches for mission accomplishment: direct assault, stealth, etc. 4. Sci fi our modern setting is a huge plus. Hope there's some hidden gem I have missed.
[stardew valley, tf2]	Hi guys,  I feel like "I saw it all" or in general games usually get boring really quickly for me now (gameplay is usually repetitive + I already played something similar 99% of the time).  I don't care about genre - I want this feeling when you get new game and it's like newer you tried before!    EDIT: PC only  EDIT 2: List of games I enjoyed recently (order is irrelevant)  1. Banner Saga (i like heroes-like battles + story seems nice) 2. Factorio (until I learned how to make and use everything - I'm not so much into optimisation) 3. Far Cry 4 (while it seems like generic FPS it somehow kept me playing for a while - stealth kill options and mechanics are extremely fluent and satisfying) 4. Rocket League (relaxing yet with high skill cap + perfect for couch with gamepad) 5. NeoScavenger (my favorite survival game by far) 6. Crusader Kings II (only grand strategy game that isn't boring and overwhelming for me)
[battlefield 4]	Hey guys, just build a new rig recently. i5 6500, GTX 960 as the important specs.  Basically, I haven't been much of a PC gamer over the last few years. My old laptop was quickly outdated by games that were coming out, and I fell off the wagon of practicing, and have been playing oldschool runescape since.  Looking to get back into some other games though, now that I have a rig capable of running most games, to branch myself out into gaming once more. I have Rust, but that's rather unforgiving if you're as out of practice as I am. CSGO as well. I liked the look of the Division initially.. but have heard absolutely terrible things about it since. I played fallout 4 on my XBone so I that's another one I likely wouldn't go for.  Looking for a FPS, ARPG, MMOFPS, something along those lines to get me back into practicing my gunplay. Looking to spend around 70 at max, but cheaper would be cool!  Hopefully this is the right kinda place for a post such as this.
[homeworld: deserts of kharak]	I like Sci Fi. I like strategy and tactics games with "punchy" realistic combat. Unfortunately, these two things do not seem to overlap very often. Sci Fi strategy usually seems to follow the Starcraft or Civilisation models. These are fine games in their own right, but absolutely not what I'm looking for.  In essence, what I want is Men of War/ XCOM lethal combat, but with many, many units. Being able to name these units would be a plus.  Anything that comes to mind will be super helpful, even if it doesn't fit exactly into those categories. Cheers!
[this game]	Hey all.  Are there any games out there that have a sort of sandboxy feel, allowing you to make multiple characters, name them, give them specialised roles/stats, level up etc, and when you are playing as one or focussing on one and walking around the world, you can bump into your other characters who might be carrying out random other tasks, like building stuff, hunting, scavenging, or in the mdidle of a firefight that you can help them out with, or if you are in a tricky spot, they can be called to your aid and come in like a cavalry within a certain amount of time?  Things I'm looking for in terms of your character/NPC interactions: (examples)  - You create a sniper specialised class, he can be seen scouting out enemy positions, hunting them down, hunting in general, or just randomly found fixing a fence at the base.  - Merchant specialised character travelling around, unloading beer and food back at base or selling to other NPC's that you have not made  - One of your characters is in trouble, you run to help them out, or if you are in trouble, they can come to help you out if available  - Characters you make and not 'focussed on/playing as' can die maybe if not checked upon during a fight etc, unless they can handle themselves  - Switch between your characters so you play as them, and those you switched from wander around doing their own thing like NPC's  Just stuff like that in general really.  Any help would be greatly appreciated! Thanks in advance for any comments!
[shadow of the colossus]	I am by no means  a frequent gamer, I just like to play every now and again. Years ago, I very much enjoyed the Zelda-series on my nintendo DS, mostly because of the epic temples, puzzles and of course the crazy boss fights. I've also played my fair share of TESV: Skyrim, and I think the boss fights in Star Wars: The Force Unleashed 2 were also quite the thing you would visually expect from boss fights. God of War have also been games that have left me amazed, gameplay-, story- and bosses-wise. I'm a really casual player, so I'm not even gonna start playing games like dark souls if what I've heard about those is true! :\^)  Edit: forgot to mention, preferably on pc!
[civilization v]	Due to some unfortunate events I suffered nerve damage making both my hands limp and mostly useless. I can still use a mouse though and turn-based games are fine, but anything requiring fast reactions or hand dexterity is out of the question. Which sucks cause I used to play a lot of CS and Binding of Isaac. And Hearthstone is getting boring.  Open to any genre or suggestion, thanks.  Some games I already know or thought of: Civilization, Heroes of Might and Magic, Hearthstone, Telltale games (although quicktime events would be hard), Warcraft series (will replay probably), Shadowrun games.  A lot of great suggestions here! Some games I already know but forgot to mention, but most are new to me so I'll be sure to check out every suggestion. Unfortunately stuck with my school laptop right now but I should get my PC setup in a day or two.
[the witcher]	Hey, I'm looking for a new game to play. I'll list a few I have really enjoyed, and a few that I have enjoyed a little less. Thank you for the help in advance!  Loved: Garry's Mod, Minecraft/Tekkit (I know), The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, Civ V, GTA V, Terraria, Payday 2, Elite: Dangerous, Dead Island Riptide, Portal 2  Meh: Guild Wars, World of Warcraft, Dark Souls II  Basically, I'm big into survival, RPG games. I love building up resources, stockpiling and the occasional FPS. I like to have a game where I can progress and keep what I earn. I love the ability to build and establish a place to live in MMO RPG's as well. Let me know if you can think of any games that might work for me! Thank you in advance  
[dragon ball z]	Hello I like to watch a good video about games while eating my breakfast but I'm a little lost in the plethora of mediocre content.   I really liked the videos by Matthewmatosis. He didn't try too hard and he had interresting things to say about the games he reviewed/critiqued/talked about. I also liked that he didn't try to be funny. Many mediocre youtubers resort to (mostly weak) humor to mask the fact that they don't have anything meaningful to bring to the table. On the contrary being too pompous isn't good either. The guy doing Errant Signal videos seemed a bit pretentious to me, like he was a teacher lecturing (That's my opinion, maybe I don't get him at all).   So I'm asking you If you'd know any good channels on youtube, or somewhere else that delivers good content about console gaming or PC.  Thank you very much. This got removed from /r/games, i hope this is the place.
[fallout 4]	I love RPG games and lately I have been finding myself playing a lot of base builder style survival games as well.  Looking for something that combines those two styles of games.  What I like in RPGs   -varied classes or builds to play with  -ability to make decisions in conversations with NPCs, if I can see the consequences of my decisions in the world that is great but I have not really seen many games with that  -companions can be fun but aren't required  -a good story for me to get wrapped up in that alters to my decisions  I am not a huge fan of first person shooters but an over the shoulder camera like Mass Effect is alright.  The base building doesn't have to be a focal point of the game but the more in depth and freeform it is the better.
[planescape torment]	Everything I see about the world, lore, creatures, visuals, etc. of the Souls games lines up beautifully with the type of fantasy/horror I love and would love to experience in a video game. BUT, everything I've ever heard about the gameplay (heavy RPG elements, grind, difficulty, replaying battles as you learn the best tactics, etc.) indicates they're exactly the type of game I don't enjoy playing at all.  So, I'm wondering what other games have a similar world and tone but different gameplay mechanics and structure. I'm up for almost anything -- action, shooter, adventure, strategy, platform, etc. -- provided it does a good job of immersing you in that type of setting. Thanks in advance for the suggestions!
[ico , ds3, ds3]	So I just recently beat Dark Souls 3 100% and I'm in the come down period. Its left a gaping hole in my chest since I loved it so much but now I have nothing left to do in it until the DLC.  I have a huge backlog but I narrowed it down to the games I actually want to play which are:  * Just Cause 3 * Assassins Creed Syndicate * Nathan Drake Collection * Final Fantasy X/X-2 Remaster * Demons Souls * Shadow of the Colossus/ ICO HD * Enter the Gungeon  There are way more games I want to play but there's just so many they aren't coming to mind. Help me out! 
[project zomboid]	Hi friends,  I'm looking for a shooter game, which can be survival. I''m trying to find something that can be quick and easy, but you can also sink some time into it on weekends. Some games that I've played in the category:  -Squad: I like the idea of this game, but it seems like to get fruitful gameplay you have to be in a squad, which can be hard sometimes. I really would wish to not join a clan as I don't know my gaming schedule for awhile.   -H1Z1: I did not like the style of this game. The battle arena type is just not my style. I really like the old type of Dayz game, where you could go solo, and if you were smart could take on a few people.   -BF4/CSGO: I like these games, but I am looking for something where I can slow down and chill. It's something that I either play with my friends, or play a game once in awhile when I get in the mood.   On a side note, if you can suggest any survival games like the good ol' DayZ mod, feel free! I also like the building type of survival games... there are just so many that i am overwhelmed!  Thanks for your time.
[animal crossing]	so I got a 3DS a while ago for Christmas, however it only came with two games and I don't play them very often. I'm going to be taking a really long flight, so I'm going to need some game reccomendations.   I'm kind of new to Nintendo games, so I really don't know what to expect, but I can give what I prefer:  I don't really like fighting games, so that's off the list.   I don't have much money, so games that are worth less are reeeally good, however not required.   I would prefer games that last long, either in story or replayability.  thanks in advance
[x rebirth]	I've been on a space game/sim kick lately (Freespace 2 ftw) and am looking for a new time sink.  I've become interested in the X series but have never played any of them.  I have done my research and know what they're about, but I have one issue: the reviews for X:rebirth are extremely mixed but dated (last serious discussion I could find was about 2 years ago). So, for the players of the X series: In your opinion, is X:rebirth (in its current state) worth buying over X3, or should I just go with X3?  **TLDR**: X3 vs X:rebirth (in its current state) - which to buy. Thanks. 
[enter the gungeon, nuclear throne]	**Binding of Isaac, Risk of Rain, Darkest Dungeon** - *Absolutely love*  -I love BoI and Risk of Rain for how the game focuses on item acquisition for each round. Darkest Dungeon does not really follow that same formula but I love it for the atmosphere. I guess for all three of these I really love the atmosphere.. Though my favorite element to rogue-lite games is how each round you start off fresh and try to gain new items which changes the gameplay completely.  **Don't Starve, Rogue Legacy, FTL, Sunless Sea** - *Moderately like.*  -These games I put a good number of hours into... but they didn't do it for me as much as the previous games. Sunless Sea I would have liked more if there was not so much travel time between areas. Don't Starve is pretty good, but not quite condensed enough in gameplay as the other games in the previous category. Rogue Legacy got really repetitive, though I liked how each round helped me improve my stats for future runs. FTL was good... but each round starting fresh was rougher than games like BoI or Risk of Rain. It took a lot more time to realize you were screwed.  **Crypt of the Necrodancer, Hero Siege, Nuclear Throne** - *Just could not get into.*  -Crypt of the Necrodancer I tried really hard to get into... just didn't work. It was too controlled for me to really like... and I struggled with trying to figure out where to move every beat and got frustrated with it. Hero siege just didn't pull me in... it was too blah. Nuclear throne didn't pull me in either... there wasn't enough progression (at least I think that is what didn't pull me in).  So... based on this information... what would be the next rogue-lite you would suggest for me?
[this game, overwatch, tf2, tf2]	After years of being a console gamer and becoming ever frustrated with the poorly made DLC-ridden AAA releases, at the weekend I finally took the plunge and built a decent gaming PC... Am really looking for some great MP game suggestions that I can grab and play at the weekend with a mate (who also just built a PC). Ideally something with the following criteria;  -Relatively basic learning curve that will allow us to get to grips with the gameplay pretty quickly  -ideally a community that isn't full of idiots  -does not require a mega-graphics card -plenty of room for questing and adventure (3rd person perspective ideal)  Any ideas would be welcome, just have this weekend written off for a good 20-25 hours of solid gaming and want to ensure I'm going to sink that time into a decent game/games
[kol, kol]	So there's this guy who:  Started gaming on a Vic-20. Flipped the fuck out when he got his new Atari. Was a huge Dragonlance fan. Believes that the peak of fun in gaming was with the NES/SNES. Got obsessed with Starcraft. Misses late nights in teamspeak with his WoW friends (Vanilla + Burning Crusade). Got obsessed with Starcraft 2. Got obsessed with Dota 2. And he can't stand the online community anymore.  I like high skill cap games with interesting lore. Skill shots are the best and there's nothing like good teamwork. What really got me into gaming on PC was WoW's social experience, Starcraft's intensity and Dota's design.   I seem to have outgrown Dota and have no idea where to time sink in games now. Most look/feel/play very generically, just have some fancy "pay/play/free to whatever/whatever/whatever" system and have incredibly toxic communities. Any suggestions are welcome :-D  Edit 1: Battlefleet Gothic: Armada, Total War: Warhammer, Kingdom of Loathing and Guild Wars 2 have gotten my attention...  Edit 2: Bought "The Long Dark", "The Talos Principle" and "Pac-Man CE DX+".  Edit 3: Eagerly awaiting Total War: Warhammer. Good riddance Dota 2.  Edit 4: Holy fuckin' fuck. "The Long Dark" Is Amazing!
[dragon age: inquisition, dark souls 3, dark souls 2, bloodborne, far cry 4]	Got a PS4 to play Destiny with some friends in another state... just in time for them to quit playing.  Bastards.    I really like stuff with a character development arc and customization.  Does not need to be online.  GT7 isn't out for a year... bought Driveclub but I hate how the car lineup is limited to fancy modern stuff...  Project Cars is the same problem.    I really WANT to like Assassin's Creed, but the fighting and parco stuff always feels so scripted to me.  I thought maybe the new Metal Gear, but I figured it would have the same problem...  Suggestions? 
[magicka]	As the title suggests; my bf and I love playing Diablo III. However, we've been playing it quite a bit so it's starting to lose some appeal. We are looking for a game that is similar to Diablo III's style of gameplay. We're not a big fan of side scrollers, but it seems like most of the couch co-op games are just that. We have the following consoles: PS2, PS3, PS4, Wii, and WiiU. We are also open to PC games; however, we prefer the cozy local style of game play as opposed to MMORPGs. Any suggestions? Thank you in advance! :) 
[dragons dogma]	(19 days later edit: no reason I should have limited this to RPGs other genres are fine too)  PC        I like games where story, quest, and henchmen NPCs join me in quests and missions, talking along with the way. It's kind of unrealistic (and lonely) walking around the world all by myself. I want a game where NPCs do more than just give quests and rewards.  I liked:   - Dragon Age  - Guild Wars 1  - Guild Wars 2 (though it's not as in-depth as GW1, maybe because it's not as linear?)  What other games would you suggest?  - Baldur's Gate?   Didn't work:  - Elder scrolls is fun but not hitting the spot  - Mass Effect (tried a demo and just couldn't get into it)
[keep talking and nobody explodes]	Hello all!  My favorite games are local games that a big group of people can play locally, and just hop in and out of. I have a lot of these types of games already, but I want to make sure I'm not letting any gems sneak through the cracks, as well as maybe share the games that I have had a great time playing with this community.   **TL;Dr desires:**  -Local 4+ players   -Not heavily story based  -Easy to drop in and out with new players (So no continuation mechanics, permanent leveling, gear etc)  -Relatively easy to explain the mechanics of   Games sort of in this vein that I already have:  -Towerfall  -Thief Town  -Nidhogg  -Screencheat  -Starwhal  -Gang Beasts  -Lethal League  -Cloudberry  -Speed runners  -Worms(various)  -Brawlhalla  Edit:Sorry, mobile formatting failed me.   
[far cry]	 2    2    Wars: Battlefront II    5.Borderlands    Tournament 2004  7.Battlefield 2142   2     10.Frontlines: Fuel of War   11.TimeShift   12.Bulletstorm    Territory: Quake Wars   14.Singularity   15.Titanfall  16.Project: Snowblind   17.Serious Sam II          Last Light    3  22.Section 8    Episodes: Emergence    Vengeance   Mobile Armor Division   3     Effect games   vs Predator  30.Metroid Prime  31.Fallout 3, New Vegas and 4   series  32.Chronicles of Riddick games   4   Ex games  I acknowledge some games were more horror shooters and first person perspective but they too, were in a sci-fi setting. Don't recommend a game if it is within the series of any game in this list.
[factorio]	I'm spending a lot of time in Factorio right now and am enjoying the micro level setup of the train system.   Transport Tycoon Deluxe is one of my favorite games and I've tried Skylines however I'm looking for something I can work in at the ground level and actually drive the vehicles.  With all of the Minecraft clones out there I think I may have missed one that will do this.   I've tried some of the Minecraft mods like Railcraft but I don't think they have been kept up to date.  Any vehicle  mod I've tried with MC has never been able to handle changes to elevation well.  I know there are so many MC clones and early access games so I'm checking to see if I've missed something.  Any suggestion is appreciated.
[this war of mine]	Most survival games seem to start with the idea "you're all alone". Most social simulation games take place in a modern setting, usually suburban or rural establishment.  I'm curious if there are games that combine the two, where you have a group of other settlers/survivors to interact with, each with their own strengths, either where you control each of them directly, or control one character and have to utilize the others through social interaction.  I suspect "Virtual Villagers" will be a suggestion, but i was hoping for something less "mobile" feeling, something with decent depth.  EDIT: ok, so maybe my definition of "survival" is a little different from others... I'm not necessarily looking for something like zombies or the apocalypse, more along the lines of Banished, Lost in Blue, Wurm... I've been playing a lot of Stardew Valley lately, looking over Animal Crossing and Fallout 4... the Civ 4 "Caveman 2 Cosmos" mod...  I'm studying C# / MonoGame at the moment, and trying to get some ideas of some little kernel of an idea I can program, and then build on from there. I'm tired of games with useless NPCs who managed to form a town before the PC showed up, but now need the PC to do every little thing for them or they die.
[rain world]	I'm working on a game where you explore a dungeon, and encounter creatures with different motivations like hunger, fear, curiosity, etc. This gives them more complex behaviors than just "move towards the player and attack them." I'm fascinated by the concept, and wonder if there are any examples of it I can look into?  For example: If a monster is hungry, it will attack you. But if you throw some food on the ground, it might go for that and let you escape. Alternately, if it takes too much damage in a fight, it will get afraid, and run away to rest and heal instead of madly fighting to the death. Or, it might just be a territorial creature, and stop chasing you once you leave it's domain.
[fallout: new vegas, metal gear solid, metal gear solid, far cry 3, arma 2]	Lately I've been looking for a game which includes:  * Open world capabilities * Stealth * Survival * Can be played well in singleplayer with AI (if it has any at all)  What I am imagining would resemble Metro: Last Light, only open world. I've looked everywhere this and have had poor luck. Not many games live up to the *survival* part of this criteria, mostly only the open world, often the singleplayer, and very rarely the stealth.  Games I have tried already are: , DayZ, etc..   If anyone can help me find such a game I'd greatly appreciate it.
[craft the world, minecraft, minecraft, minecraft]	Any recommendations for PC games (other than minecraft) I can play with my son? Preferably something with some (however small) learning experience in it for him.   We've been playing 'craft the world', it's been great but it's getting tired (almost 200 hrs between us). Plus the multiplayer is fairly limited.  I like that it's not just mindless 'play', there's some basic strategy, resource management etc, helps with his counting, reading all that. Some violence, but it's fairly simplistic. The best thing about it though is that we both enjoy it, I'm having trouble finding other games that can bridge that generational gap.  So open world crafting type games, strategy games etc would fit the bill. Something that a grown up (lol) can enjoy but isn't too complex for a 5 year old to also enjoy  PC's we play on are are good enough to play just about anything, but I don't really care about old/new/cutting edge latest and greatest games.  
[this game, game!]	##What is Hockey^?   HockeyQuestionMark is a one of a kind, entirely free first person hockey game for PC developed by [Cryptic Sea](http:// In case you don't like reading, [here's a trailer that explains everything.](https://  Unlike other hockey based video games, players control everything in the game; from the speed and location of a shot, to the direction of a pass, to the tenacity of an open ice hit. There's no random simulation, forced physics, or computer players like in the NHL games. At high levels the precision of gameplay is unparalleled to any sports game on the market. There are no buttons to shoot or pass, you dictate every action with the movement of your mouse which controls your stick. Getting better at the game is entertaining and fun with the potential to be drafted into competitive leagues. Although the graphics aren't the most realistic, the gameplay and mechanics of Hockey? are the closest video game to the real experience of playing hockey.    [Here are some highlights from past seasons.](https://   ##How do I Play?   Everything about Hockey^? can be found on the subreddit, /r/hockeyquestionmark. Windows Users can download [this version](http://, while Mac Users can find a download [here](http:// You can find a full list of controls [here](http:// The game does have a learning curve, however getting better is not a grind. There are plenty of tutorial videos like these below to help out:  * [Stickhandling](https:// * [Shooting](https:// * [Defense](https://   ##How do I join the leagues?   You can find all the info about joining the North American leagues [here] (https:// We heavily recommend that you join the Teamspeak server if you want to get involved with the community and learn more about the game. Most of us love hockey? and hockey alike, and won't pass up the opportunity chat about either. You can connect to the address: ** and for those who don't have Teamspeak, [here is the download link for that too.](http:// The premier leagues games are on Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday every night starting at 7:30pm Eastern. The Rising Stars League (AHL equivalent) and Junior Stars League (entry level league) games are on Monday and Wednesday starting at 7:00pm Eastern.    Thanks for reading, we hope to see you in game!
[dragon age inquisition, killing floor , just cause 3 , mass effect , gta 5, tf2]	I want to know if there are anythings like this, preferably with similar cartoon-styled graphics, but anything will do. I don't really care much for PvP modes, but I'd like something that has a PvE that can be replayed, but still has the Hero/Class system (where each one will have special weapons, abilities,  other classes/heroes don't have), however PvP with bots will still do. On google, I found a thing or two, but mostly they are RTS, while I want something FPS/TPS. I'd love a free to play, but if there aren't any, then a paid game would be okay (but not one with lots of micro-transactions). Someone suggested Diablo, but I'd like something that isn't top-down, and also Dungeon Defenders, but if there is something that isn't a tower defense, I'd appreciate that. I liked the Hero system of Dungeon Defenders however, so if there is something close to that, it will be perfect, but I prefer a Hero system closer to that of Battleborn.  I loved the Borderlands series, and its what made me become interested in something like Battleborn, if that helps. I would like to emphasize on replayability and being able to enjoy offline as I'm going to have no internet access for the duration of the summer. Thanks in advance. 
[mass effect , gears of war, crysis]	So, I want to buy a couple of games for summer (I won't be having internet by then), and would like some suggestions. The main genres I like are western RPGs (like Dark Souls)  and FPS, but other suggestions are welcome. I'm going for Batman Arkham Knight, Just Cause 3, and I already have Dark Souls III and really loved it. I also played the whole Dargon Age series and Borderlands series (mines Tales) and loved them a lot, if that helps. I'm thinking for going into No Man's Sky when its released, but not sure. I prefer games from 2014-16 releases, but older games that are really good are welcome too. Also something with a very deep story and catching story, with believable characters will be perfect. Thank you in advance.
[overwatch, xbox]	Hello everyone,  I'm planning on buying Overwatch but can't decide for which platform right now. I have a notebook I use for playing PC games via Steam. It's a Lenovo IdeaPad Z500 MBYJ7GE. It's okay for playing games like TF2, Undertale or Mount &amp; Blade but some games (like League of Legends) push the device to it's limits. I also have a Xbox One (no Gold account). I kinda prefer the PC version since it will stay if I upgrade to a better PC/notebook but that won't happen anytime soon. And I'm not sure if my notebook can handle Overwatch.
[trine 2]	I'm looking for a game to play with my girlfriend and my little sister. We just recently finished Kirby's Return to Dreamland, which was the perfect game for us. To give you a good feel for our skill levels, The True Arena in that game was just challenging enough to make us try a few times, but not enough to be insurmountable or for me to need to carry them. It's hard for me to find good 3+ player games that are co-op focused so that we can all play as a team. Return to Dreamland was the best Kirby game by far! How have they not just made a sequel to that game? But I digress.  Any suggestions would be appreciated. Platform is almost certainly not an issue, because I have a great computer, a WiiU, Wii, X360, PS3, and knowledge on how to use emulators. Thanks for reading!
[rocket league, fifa]	I recently graduated from college and I have 2 months off before I start work and I want to get into PC gaming. I play a lot of FIFA but that is really the only game I am good at and enjoy playing. I tried playing COD for example with my friends but I could never get into it. Which PC game would you suggest I start playing and why? I really want to play CS but I kind of suck at FPS games so I'm not sure if I should get into it. I would be interested to hear your opinion on what I should start playing. Thanks!
[shadowrun, sci-fi]	I'm currently watching a translated version of FF7: Before Crisis on youtube, as this game was never released in English. I'm really enjoying this game, and I'm wondering if people have recommendations for similar games. Essentially, the game lets you play as a new member of the Turks in Midgar and Junon, stopping members of AVALANCHE from trying to destroy Midgar. Obviously, I love this game because it gives backstory on the original FF7. But also, the sci-fi/city setting is really cool, and the gameplay is fun. I'm wondering if anyone knows of similar 2-d RPGs that have a good story. For those who have never seen this game or are curious, here's a link to the first chapter: https:// Also Here's a link to the Wikipedia page for Before Crisis if anyone is curious: https://  Here's what I liked about Before Crisis, and what I'm hoping to find in other games:  *2-d, isometric, top-down, side-scroller RPG  *text-based, no voice overs  *great story elements  *not fantasy, but more of a modern/sci-fi/futuristic setting  Any recommendations? Have you played/seen this game? What do you think of it?
[archeage, archeage, archeage]	I thought we'd do something a little different.  Lets say I'm the ultimate wallet warrior.  I don't want to grind.  I don't want to rank up.  I don't want to save currency to buy gear or skills.  What multiplayer game has microtransactions that let you totally dominate anyone that isn't shelling out the dough?  Where could I dump a bunch of money to be smugly superior to everyone that isn't as limitlessly rich as I am?  *This is just a bit of fun.  I'm not rich.  Been trying out a lot of free-to-play games lately and was wondering.*
[life is strange]	Things in the vein of **Far Cry 2** and **Spec Ops: The Line** most of all, which are both modern interpretations of Heart of Darkness with overt critical themes around militarism, imperialism, etc. Far Cry 3 was a massive disappointment to me because it was such a playground with a bratty bro protagonist. I got a lot of enjoyment out of killing British soldiers and colonists as a Native American in **Assassin's Creed III**. Playing the role of a cop irked me in **Sleeping Dogs**, but otherwise I liked it quite a bit. I liked **Mass Effect** the most during the side missions, rather than the clear good vs. evil main storyline. Taking on the oppressive and overwhelming Combine in **Half Life 2** feels good. **Firewatch** was a nice break from ultra-violence, though it felt much more "low-stakes" than what I'm asking for here. I'm not big on fantasy/distant history, but eventually I'll try the **Witcher** series. I've been trying to like **Deus Ex** but I'm not big on the gameplay. I'm kind of baby over horror so **Metro** and similar spooky games are out.   I basically just hate the right-leaning ideology of most games, such as the jingoism of practically every military shooter, and especially ones that pander to the mainstream manchild gamer. I really loathe the Saints Row series, I essentially want the opposite of that. 
[monster hunter, endgame]	Hello everyone,  I am looking for a RPG to really delve into with the experience of FF-X post-story gameplay. To be specific: I loved how you could almost finish the story (which was okay-ish) and then proceed to sink another 50h+ into the Monsterfarm.   What I found most motivating, was that you were left so weak in comparison to those Monsterfarm-specific monsters and you could really develop your party from dealing 3k damage and eating a quadrillion damage to dealing 99999 dmg and at least not being OHKO'd. I think it really felt good to become strong enough to beat those mobs which were "omg how could you ever beat that shit?" on first try.  Big plus was the combat/weapon system, I kinda really liked the grindiness of it and the tactics you could pull off.  In general, I enjoyed FF7 to FF10 a lot, mainly because I liked the game mechanics and storytelling. I tried playing FF6 quite often but I really didn't like it at all; I found the combat system to be *MEH* and I kinda grew into being a spoiled bitch about graphics. Same story for FF12 and FF13, the latter being the most dissapointing game I ever put more than 20h into.  I'm currently playing FF4 on NDS and found myself very pleased by the fact that the game can be a tough one here and there. Which is really nice. Sometimes, you really have to pull of some tactics and not just go smashing things.  Also I played FF Tactics WOTL (the Android Version, love that game), FF Tactics Advanced (was good) and FF TA2 (which was really bad, the KI was just so dumb). Again, I really dug the job system and the difficulty in some of battles.  Dark Souls 1/2/3 is also on my list of games I have played and loved/am loving the shit out of.  Yeah so anyways, that was just a little insight on my preferences. Any suggestions are welcome, I have access to PC, Android, iOS, 3DS - but preferably 3DS. I like playing on my throne.  **TL;DR**: Looking for a RPG with nice game mechanics, a certain difficulty and the possibility to develop your characters from mere human to demi-god.
[fallout 4, gta v]	I have a little spare cash on steam(slightly over $60).  Looking for a solid game to kill time while I wait for overwatch(wish I could use it to preorder Overwatch tbh, as I'm a lil short on actual cash).  I have been away from the gaming scene for a bit, so I've missed some major game releases.  What's gonna give me the best bang for my buck?  Looking at games like Fallout 4, GTA5, Dark Souls 3, Dragons Dogma.  The only game I've purchased over the last year has been Xcom 2, so I'm fairly open to suggestions
[dark souls]	Hi,  I always known so many thing about games. I always try them, taste them. But I couldn't play any game for a long time. I can just play them one day or two if I am lucky. I always get bored. And I want to like or love a game so much that I want to play over and over. When I was a child, I could stand much longer to a game. Still, I wasn't finishing any game. I really like games, I really do, but I cannot play a game until the end or if that's an MMO until the end game.  So I need a suggestion, a game to 'love'. I need a game with depth things, a game that makes me wanna read about it. I want a game with non-repetitive things(Eliminates %90 MMO) Genre doesn't matter. Could be rts, turn-based strategy, rpg, simulation, fps or mmo...  So can you please suggest me a game to love?
[sunless sea]	I like the idea of controling (or even being just a part) a big capital ship against one or multiple similarly big ships. The game that represents that in better that I know is FTL, but it has two things I could do without: crew micro-management and rogue-like (I preffer lengthy campaings, if I loose start the battle again and not the whole game)  Gothic Armada was promissing but is still too fast paced (not a fan of pause-based stuff) and the "big ships" are still big HP whores with guns..  I want subsystems, etc like FTL  An old game I liked was Star Wars Empire at Wars, where each system and weapon can (and should) be individually targeted and are part of strategy (focus engine down to stop it first? Shield generator? Disarm it?).  I dont mind reverse suggestions: small fighter having to swarm a big ship (man...  Freespace was so good, or the old Lucas Arts X-wing/Tie fighter)
[puzzle agent, the x files, great deal, portal 2]	So I have a friend who in general doesn't like video games -- she thinks they're a waste of time. I was talking to her about it, and it seems that she doesn't like video games because she doesn't like to feel unproductive -- most of her interactions with video games thus far have been watching my roommate play rocket league or smash bros. I totally see where she's coming from, as those two games have a certain lack of instant gratification, which I think is what she's looking for.   She told me she'll give one game to try to change her mind. I know she enjoys puzzles and solving things like sudoku, crosswords, and jigsaw puzzles. She also enjoys movies a lot, so maybe a cinematic game would be good.  I was thinking maybe portal 2 would be a good game, but I don't know if that's too much of a jump for a non-gamer. I think that she might enjoy RPGs, but those are too game mechanic-heavy to start off with.  So basically I'm looking for a puzzle-type game or maybe something super cinematic.    
[the long dark]	I make video's like [these](https:// (yeyeye I know it's fucking weird but that's ASMR for ya) and I was wondering if there are some non-violent environments to explore? Or just levels, idk.  I've got a pretty decent pc, not a VR kit (so don't like to that sub haha) and I just want to explore places, since it's what I play truck simulators and plane simulators for.   If you guys have some names of games or just standalone environments to explore that would be great.  Thanks.
[torchlight 2]	Me and a friend got to know eachother raiding together in world of warcraft. Since WoW has gotten stale we quit it and started playing other games together.  After WoW we played Swotor online together but quit after hitting max level as we werent so interested in the endgame and catching up.  We then went over and played H1Z1 for 1-2 months and enjoyed it alot, even though its a pretty buggy game still.  After that we played The division but stopped as the game didnt turn out to meet our expectations.   Well and now back to the question in the title, we are looking for a new game we can spend countless hours and progress in. we enjoy all kind of games but prefer games where you get stronger as you play and earn things (loot in H1Z1, leveling in the MMO's, and gear)  We also dont mind if the game has challenging apects that you will have to sink a couple hours in to manage, but get easier as you get better at it (for those of you who know what challenge mode in WoW is, thats the one thing in WoW that both of us still enjoy to this day).   Games that are over in 30-45 minutes is not really what we are looking for (games like Dota, lol, csgo, etc) but are not against trying out if they have other things going for them aswell. 
[eve online ]	Sup. I just wanna know if anyone has any advice on games that you have to or can spend a bunch of time on without it getting stale. Prefferably survival online games, but not nessecarily. Examples of games that I mean: Wurm Online, Elite Dangerous, Star Citizen, Project Zomboid, Reign of Kings, Life is Feudal, even Minecraft. I've tried all of these and they either have shitty server systems where you have to really search to find one that suits you, or they just have a crappy community. I love survival and I love roleplaying but I'm an open minded person. What I'm looking for is a persistent, online, open world sandbox type of game. The type of game where you build bases and have little societies and communities etc. Thanks in advance.
[mirror's edge, this game, refunct, bots]	Hey there!  I'm pretty stoked for the new Mirror's Edge that's coming out. I played the original when it was first released and enjoyed it a lot - although it never quite hit big mainstream success.  Just wondering if there's any other games featuring similar parkour elements where the character you control traverses an entire city mostly from parkour moves? Off the top of my head I can think of Dying Light and Sunset Overdrive (kinda like parkour since you can grind the rails and then zip up onto a roof and speed run surfaces). I guess Titanfall also kinda counts? And Prince of Persia (big one).   Less mainstream games would be awesome!  Thanks for any suggestions!
[robocraft, this game]	Hey /r/gamingsuggestions!  I'm a mentor on a [FIRST robotics](http:// team. I work primarily with the kids who drive the robot, and scheduling practice times, setting up the field, and getting the robot out to drive is a time-intensive pain. So, I'm looking for a video game that shares some of the same driving characteristics as our bot. It'll keep the students sharp during the summer and off-season, and I might even be able to use it for tryouts and practices.  Since the robots we drive are... quirky, I'm looking for a game with some similar quirks. There are so many games out there, that I was hoping someone could point me in the right direction. Here are the requirements for what I'm looking for, and I'd like to fill as many of these as possible. The ones on top are most important.  1. (Mandatory) Driving game! Tanks and treaded vehicles are preferred (since they skid steer) but cars are alright too.  2. Mario Kart / Twisted Metal style "Battle Mode"  5. Joystick compatible. I think most games are, but I might as well list this.  4. Annoying camera angles. A stationary non-overhead camera would be ideal.  3. Multiplayer. LAN preferred, but Internet is fine.  6. Vehicles don't coast when you let off the acceleration, they stop almost immediately.  7. Controls are kind of imprecise or twitchy.  8. A variety of vehicles to choose from.  Hopefully this doesn't violate any posting rules, and thanks in advance for any help I might get on this!
[stardew valley]	I really enjoy Happy Home Designer. I've also enjoyed games where designing was a big part of running a business. Something where I can really micromanage the look of things and that be a main aspect.  I have a 3DS, a PS4, a Computer, a PS Vita, and can probably figure my way through anything else. Pretty much anything but Xboxes and Wiis are doable. If it's a really good game for a Wii or Xbox system I don't mind hearing about it though. I can always rent a system or buy one when the price goes down in the future maybe. 
[ancient domains of mystery, the elder scrolls: arena, treasure adventure game, transport tycoon deluxe, liberal crime squad, little fighter 2, age of empires 2, super crate box, black and white, counter strike, dwarf fortress, dwarf fortress, unreal world, tyrian 2000, dark souls, cave story, yume nikki, daggerfall, daggerfall, noitu love, all games, hero core, red alert, stepmania, stepmania, hedgewars, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, spelunky, hydorah, hydorah, angband, freeciv, freeciv, freecol, freecol, openttd, openttd, nethack, nethack, gradius, doomrl, openra, openra, soldat, soldat, viriax, r-type, derek, .flow, xbox, adom, adom, osu!, iji, iji, oni, scp, scp, scp]	Right, so I've gotten into Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup, and I'm so thankful I decided to even though I'm fairly new to roguelikes and started playing DCSS with the thought that I wouldn't get much from it. It was really addicting though!  I'm looking for any genre of game (I think I'm open to pretty much anything) as long as they are free (or relatively cheap), and that I can play offline since I play DCSS whenever I have free periods or breaks at school. So it might be handy to be able to save progress pretty quickly. Thanks :)
[overwatch]	Yes, I know the two games are wildly different. The reason I'm curious about your opinions is because I can't afford to spend money on both of these games for a good while, and want to make the better choice.  I played the Overwatch beta and loved the game, but I'm not sure if I would be interested in it years later, unlike I was with TF2 back in the day.  Doom on the other hand seems to be getting very positive ratings and critics that I respect also like it for the most part, except for the multiplayer. I'm most interested in the singleplayer portion of this game, but I'm not sure if it's worth the  EUR price just for that.  So having to choose from two great games, which one would you think are more worthy of the money spent on it?
[the walking dead]	I'm looking for any game that has a plot heavy narrative that keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire time.  Kind of hard to put what I'm looking for into words, but here's a list of games that I played that fit what I'm looking for:  999/Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward  Danganronpa series  Metal Gear Solid series  Basically these games meet the following criteria:  -Plot heavy narrative  -A feeling of continual suspense, rarely letting up  -Ensemble cast of interesting characters  -Filled with plot twists and turns (and many "oh shit!" moments)  -Focus is more on the story rather than the gameplay (though MGS is a bit more balanced in that regard)  -Well paced and enthralling throughout the entire game  Here are some honorable mentions that didn't quite hit all the criteria:  -Uncharted series (great story and characters, but there just wasn't enough tension)  -Umineko series (good story and characters, filled with twists and turns, but they're Visual Novels so the pacing is just so slow)  -Ever17 (same complaint as Umineko, just too slowly paced)
[wolfenstein: the new order, metro last light, metro redux, metro 2033]	I have been a super casual gamer my whole life, going through several month periods where I get really into a game then going years that I don't play at all. I have pretty much avoided all contact with FPS games with the exception of a couple of minutes here and there. I always end up kind of spinning around in circles getting disoriented, but never really wanted to put the effort into learning that style of gameplay.   So I just got a PS4 after a long time of not having a console and am looking to expand my gaming repertoire, I'd really like to try an FPS to see if it's a style of gaming I might actually like.   **TL;DR** Any suggestions for someone new to the  FPS genre? I would really prefer a story/campaign based game over just online multiplayer.   For some context my favorite games are: pretty much any Mario game, the GTAs, Red Dead Redemption, Don't Starve, Witcher 3, The Last of Us   Edit: Formatting attempt 
[angels fall first, no man's sky]	I'm just looking for a space game tbh. I purchased Stellaris and I'm playing that but that's not really hitting my special nerve. I started playing Beyond Protocol (Well, After Protocol to be exact) but that's really, REALLY complicated. I already have every homeworld and sins of a solar empire. I got Empire at War, Elite: Dangerous (boring, cuz no real content, I know sandbox and stuff...), Star Citizen (nothing is happening there) and some others. I don't like the X-Games, so that's a bummer right there. Please, I just hunger for some good space games.  Oh, and stay away with EVE Online... home to sadistics and more horrible people.
[this game]	I rarely find enjoyment in melee-oriented action games because for reasons unknown every game of this kind has to have a combat system inspired by Devil May Cry, with finger-breaking combinations you have to input for literally every attack that isn't a basic slash, and full of things like "x999 SSSSSSSSSSSSSSadistic Combo Brah!" occupying the screen 90% of the time.  What are my options if I want a 3D action game focused on fun, visceral melee combat, but hate the things mentioned above? Please tell me there actually is something. The closest thing I can think of is Bloodborne, but I don't have a PS4, nor will I have one in the nearest future, so PC is my only option. I don't care how old the game is **as long as the gameplay has aged well and the game is still fun to play even today**.  Please don't suggest:  * Dark Souls games * Dark Messiah of Might and Magic * Lords of the Fallen * Mount and Blade: Warband  Thanks in advance for the suggestions.  EDIT: Also, please don't suggest any games with Assassin's Creed/Batman: Arkham style combat as well. I don't enjoy them as much as I don't enjoy DMC style combat.  EDIT 2: Singleplayer games only, please.
[tom clancy's splinter cell, metal gear solid, death to spies, the last of us, deus ex , hitman]	*I appreciate that this is a daunting task but I would like to dedicate more time to experiencing great games before I don't have that luxury anymore. I feel that a top ten list of games in each genre composed by well informed redditors is a smart way to start.   *Don't worry if you can't be bothered, don't know or haven't played games in an unfamiliar genre, for example, if you can only name games from the fps genre but don't know any in the 3ps genre then I'm sure another redditor will add to the list.   *At the end of this I will average out the responses to then create the definitive top ten video games from each gaming genre.  * This link helps identify the many genres http://   I await your comments in anticipation!                 
[crusader kings 2, game of thrones]	I really like how, in the books especially, the different factions in Game of Thrones/A Song of Ice and Fire discuss tactics like cutting off an enemy from its resources (like food or mercenaries) and starving them out, or taking out a political leader to plunge their government into chaos.  Is there a strategy game out there like that?  I was looking into Medieval: Total War II, but I'm not 100% sure it's what I'm looking for.  I'm open to slight variations from the above criteria if there is no game like it.
[overwatch]	I'm looking for a multiplayer FPS on PC that does not have an equipment shop or item unlocking system. A game where either all the equipment is on the map and there for anyone to grab (like Halo 2) or where all the players are about to choose from the same bank of weapons (like Call of Duty 1 and 2).   I'm really tired of this formula of a progression system where you have to unlock weapons, attachments, and other bullshit equipment. There always ends up being an OP loadout (that you usually would have to grind like hell to get) that surpasses everything else. I want to play a game in which every player is on an even playing field and it comes down to skill in the game. If such a game exists but does have a shop or unlocks for only aesthetic stuff that would be fine too.
[neverwinter nights 2]	I'm looking for an RPG that will allow me to play a monk in the classic sense (low gear, no weapon, naturally high health, attack damage, and dodge). As cool as WoW is, it seems a bit much, the flavor gets lost, and it falls back on being gear heavy, getting the same amount of damage as everyone else, while needing to equip a staff(that goes unused, just for stats). I want to go back to Final fantasy 4 types of monks, but with monk skills. I like diablo III's special skills with the Monk, and it seems pretty cool, but maybe something gets lost in all of it. I really liked Final Fantasy 11, how you level up skills the more you use them, separate from leveling up your class (there is not nearly enough of that out there). I'm also looking for something that has super customizable stats each level like in Diablo II, though maybe not a top down, but instead something more 3rd person MMOesk and not "I'm going to make 13 heads explode with one sweeping kick." like in Diablo III. I am also a huge fan of passive modifiers.  And something modern enough too. I know that's probably conflicting or way too much, but whatever you think might fit best would be great. 
[grim dawn]	I am looking for a good rpg game or hack and slash game to play ,i have spent the last couple of days searching every corner on the web but i didn't find anything that interests me here is what im looking for a game that has the following (doesn't have to have all one factor is good enough ) Loot Good combat system Combos the ability to swap weapons not too outdated games like Kingdom of alamar darksiders 2 ,1 ninja gaiden dungeon siege 3 i have played DA:I i like the W3 but it only has swords please if anyone gonna say dark souls im gonna explode i hate the slow animations of the game i dont know what else i can add ,just throw you suggestions at me  ps: i play on pc only 
[project aura]	So I was looking at youtube about an early access game in which player manage at base on earth and that base is surrounded by some force field or something because outside environment is polluted or unlivable for some reason. Its basic theme was a central structure and there were pentagon shaped platforms all around that central structure where player will build various buildings and assign npcs to it but at the beginning all npcs are in cryo sleep in that central structure till then. It is obviously a top down with  graphics, free angle camera which can rotate and move around the platform.  Does it strikes as a game.
[planescape: torment, stardew valley, harvest moon, harvest moon]	Specifically where the main focus is: exploring the cities/towns, talking to people, helping them with problems, using items (ie combine a rope and bucket to help get water from the well or something), solving puzzles.  Extra points if you can use your skills a lot outside of battle like, lockingpicking to get into the back of a house, or cast a sleep spell to steal from a store or use healing on injured people etc.  Obviously I don't mind if there's fighting in the game, but I would prefer if there are options for getting around it.  Prime games I'm thinking of are early Fallout and Planescape Torment, Morrowind a bit as well.  Thanks for any suggestions.  Edit: Maybe even open to games that are all about using items/talking/puzzle solving like old Lucasarts, but prefer at least freely exploring
[mercenaries: playground of destruction]	I really love Saints Row 2 for something its sequels don't have: over the top action sequences, yet still believable.  SR3, SR4 (and Gat out of Hell) all have those over the top action sequences, but they reached a point where you lost your suspension of disbelief: you know that everything people do in those series are just outright impossible. , breaking out of hell or fighting aliens and having crazy super powers. They are all silly and fun, but not exhilarating, not believable.  SR2, in the other hand, have those moments which makes you pause a moment, "okay that's stupid, but that actually might be possible to do."  Like the scenes with [Ronin gang where they rushed into the mansion with bikes](https://, the mission where you jumped over with a parachute *inside* a crumbling building, the mission [where you clean rival gang HQ and face a gatling gun](https://  SR2 also have the no-nonsense, brutal scences like where the boss [wield a gun in a swordfight](https:// or when [rival gang boss crushes her own girlfriend in a monster truck show](https://  Only Sleeping Dogs can give a similar feeling with SR2. Perhaps because the protagonist in Sleeping Dogs also got attitude and the fight is directed a la John Woo and Hong Kong action movies.  GTA V, while fun and got interesting story, doesn't strike a similar intensity like I got with SR2 and Sleeping Dogs.  Any recommendation?
[avalon, avalon, avalon]	Hello!  I've been a gamer for a long time and always valued gameplay/mechanics/control over graphics and even aesthetics. I've played very interesting games in the past that each had an interesting mechanic(-s) to them which made it insanely fun for a long time.   * I've played **Vindictus** up until recently (excellent combat mechanics), but there's no reason to stick around anymore as it's slowly dying off.  * Before that I played **Land Of Chaos Online**, it was a great FPS MOBA (100x better than smite), with many little unique twists that made it super fun, but it got butchered by the devs. Easily was the best game I played in my life.  * Before that there was **Rakion**, with its interesting cell(minion) mechanic, that became pay-to-win. Probably 2nd best game I played in my life.   Other games I've played intermittently were:  * Black Desert - too grindy, crafts are useless, combat is a downgrade of Vindictus  * Starcraft 2 - still love the interesting mods in arcade and the campaigns, PVP not so much  * Heroes of the Storm - better than LoL, playable, but, still, a downgrade from the LOCO experience  * SMITE - a very bland take on the MOBA genre, got boring after a hundred rounds  * League of Legends - a very polished game, was quite fun, but had no "interesting mechanic", which made it boring after about a thousand matches  * World of Warcraft - was fun, but got bland after 1k+ hours played, cataclysm was a nail in the coffin  * MU Online - very nice game for its time, but that was years ago   I've also heard about (but not played): **Overwatch** (kinda ok from how it looked when a friend showed gameplay), **Blade&amp;Soul** (meh), **Paragon** (might give a try), **ArcheBlade** (not bad, but not enough content/interesting mechanics), **TERA** (meh), **Guild Wars 2** (meh), **GIGANTIC** (no "interesting twist"), **Paladins** (no "interesting twist"), **Battleborn** (will watch a run of each room on youtube purely for the Borderlands devs' humor)   Looking for that next gem to come from korea or possibly somewhere else (would surprise me). Are there any out now or on the horizon? Preferably free-to-play or at least free-to-try, but that's optional.
[metro: redux, wolfenstein, headshot]	So as the title says I'm looking for a shooter (be it FPS or otherwise) whit brutal combat that doesn't rely on bullet sponges for difficulty. So, basically, non-armored enemies should go down with no more than 2 or 3 bullets (or a single headshot) and the same should be true for the player.  Most of the games that I've played that fit those criteria are stealth games and even when thy're not the absolute best/most efficient way to beat them is to take a stealthy approach, so I was looking for something different.  I guess what I'm looking for is Dark Souls with guns. Any recommendations?   A game that has couple stealth levels is fine, just as long as the whole game doesn't play out like that.
[valkyria chronicles, this game, f.e.a.r.]	I've been playing all strategy games recently and I'm looking for a change of pace. Good or at least worthwhile single player is essential because my internet at home is spotty, and something semi-recent would be nice but I've played most of the recent big names such as Far Cry 4, Fallout 4, Witcher 3, etc.  What I would really love is a WWII shooter with a single player campaign; I know that's pretty much dead but I mention it to give you an idea of what I'm looking for. I'm not really into the cartoony, arcade style shooters that seem to be in vogue lately. On the RPG side, I tried out Grim Dawn but it feels kind of bland. I really enjoyed games like the various Mount and Blades, Fallouts, Dishonored, Metro, and Shadow of Mordor. 
[sacred 2]	Here are the ones I've played:  **Path of Exile** -- Really liked this one; however, there seem to be some lag issues, and the leveling got slow (I like steady leveling up).  **Torchlight 2** -- I liked this one, however, everything was kinda generic and not very interesting; it was very standard for the most part.  **Tochlight 1** -- Was alright, nothing interesting though, apart from that system where you can leave items for your heir.  **Victor Vran** -- Action combat was nice; story was nice (at least in the beginning) but I didn't like the leveling at all. The card-fate system thing I really didn't like.  **Grim Dawn** -- I liked this one, but the skills seemed kinda meh, even though they sounded cool; and the weapon variations were very limited (there's a 1h gun, and a 2h gun; crossbows are just 2h guns with different sound). Story was nice, but started to fall after you kill the prison warden guy. Setting was nice though.  **Van Helsing** -- Kinda liked it. Combat was alright, story was nice in the beginning, but then took a big dive down once you get to the city. Companion mechanic was nice, I kinda got annoyed with her talking so much though towards the end (not fond of the accent).  **Titan Quest** -- Was alright, kinda annoyed that you couldn't rebind your ability keys. Combat was meh; skills were meh (though sounded cool). Setting was kinda nice.  **Sacred Gold** -- Was kinda ok; the different classes sounded and looked pretty cool, but didn't actually offer much of a difference between, say, the standard warrior.   **Diablo 1/2** -- Were alright; combat is meh, and everything else is kinda standard (though there are some nice class diversities). Setting, lore, and story are good though.   **Din's Curse** -- I really liked the whole town management thing; but everything else was meh; combat wasn't too good either.  **Dungeon Siege 1** -- The multiple party system was interesting, but I don't really like having a party. I did like the leveling system very much; though skills were bland.  **Dungeon Siege 2** -- Kinda the same as the 1st one; but I don't like this one as much, I donno, 1st one had some sort of charm to it I guess.  I don't really wanna play Diablo 3, so, don't recommend it; cause it's online and I'm going to a place where internet is gonna be crap.   I didn't like Hyper Light Drifter either.
[league of legends]	I enjoyed the challenging rpg aspects as well as the massive amount of freedom the skill system afforded.  I really enjoyed the archeage alpha before  and lineage 2 as well.  I really just don't enjoy being crushed by a player in PvP due to them spending money or 800 hours on one piece of gear.  I understand the appeal of disparity, I'm just typically on the receiving end of the whale's ultra mega hammer.  I tried blade and soul but none of the classes appealed to me.  Have black desert as well but there's a bit too much gear dependence on top  of a pretty harsh karma system.
[over the top, metal gear]	I really like games with dark, mature stories. I'm not big into over the top camp like God of War. Gameplay is definitely important, however story is usually what drives me to finish a game. I like somewhat complex plots that handle interesting concepts. Genre doesn't matter. I can do any platform except Wii/U and Xbox 360/1.   I'm looking into Life is Strange because it has extremely high ratings, however it looks like that's more in line with Until Dawn than a game that requires a lot of playing. I hear Uncharted has good stories but I tried Uncharted 3 and didn't care for the story, didn't care for the gameplay. 
[rayman legends]	So my father has always shown an interest in getting into videogames, but try as hard as he can, almost all games are too difficult, too complex, or require too precise timing for him to complete. He said to me: "I want a game that has just run, jump, and attack. I don't need a million weapons that let my character wipe his a**". First person games he can barely manage to look in the right direction, so I think all of those are off the table. His favorite game that we did play together was Croc: Legend of the Gobos (a 3D platformer) on ps1. He also enjoyed Galaga for arcade and Star wars battlefront on the ps2. Bonus points for games on the ps4, or any game that we could play coop or competitively without making him feel bad about our huge skill gap. Thanks.
[star wars: dark forces]	Been playing the rebooted DOOM and love it! Gives me all the feels, thinking about the original Doom 1 and 2 I played back on my old PC!  I was wondering.... are there any more kinda quite newly released but old-skoolish vibe shooters out there worth playing? Those kinds that give you a ton of badass weapons, throws enemies at you, and has a very tongue-in-cheek over-the-top humor thrown in?  Off the top of my head, I came up with these titles that I've tried my hands on and enjoyed. Some are better than others of course. Would welcome any suggestions!  Newish Old-Skool Shooters...  - Serious Sam 3  - Shadow Warrior (the reboot)  - Far Cry: Blood Dragon (expansion)  - Wrack   - Killing Floor  - Bulletstorm  - Hard Reset  - Ziggurat   - Painkiller (also Painkiller Hell and Damnation)  - Rise of the Triad (Reboot)  As for the classics, there's the usual Quake, Unreal and Unreal Tournament, Heretic / HeXen...   Do you think the new Wolfenstein would count? It's an old franchise though the newest game (and Old Blood) feels more of a new shooter than a homage to the old? What'd you think?  Would welcome any suggestions! I'd love to try all of them. Thanks in advance!
[time to play, portal 2]	Hey all!  I know you've all had dozens of these posts before, and I've picked through them a bit. However, I think my situation is a little different, so I'll post it here.   I've provided a huge list of games I've enjoyed, that ranges from shooters to RPGs to everything. I'm taking any and all suggestions.  **Games I've enjoyed:**  Spec Ops: The line. A tad frustrating because I suck at third-person shooting, but whatever. Good game.  Binary Division. Absolutely perfect game. Loved every second. All the little bits of destruction, the cool as fuck bosses (Except the last one) and the story. Cool all around.  The Elder Scrolls III - V. (Morrowind being my favorite)  MechWarrior 2 - 4.   MechCommander 1  Red Faction: Guerilla. Fucking destruction. So much fun. Didn't give a shit about the story, just enjoyed blowing stuff up.  SOMA. Fantastic story, great setting, cool ideas. Great game.  Pony Island. Short, sweet and creepy.   Papers, Please.   Undertale.  Oxenfree. Aside from the horrendous FPS, it was a good, short, well-made game. Enjoyed it. Decisions had some impact.   Battlefield Bad Company 2. The singleplayer campaign was a ton of fun. Cool, memorable characters that meshed together really well.   Firewatch. Sort of. Felt it was way too damn short and the ending was totally unsatisfying, but whatever.   Sniper: Ghost Warrior. Until I got to one section on a bridge that was totally impassable, I loved it.   Wolfenstien: The New Order. Knew exactly what it wanted to be. Fucking. Amazing.   **Games I tried, but ultimately didn't like:**  Metro 2033 Redux. At one point it got into an "open world" area, and I just kind of got disinterested. I think I felt like I didn't have a sense of direction, or perhaps that the focus on survival was a little much.  FTL. The RNG is a tad much. Can't stand that almost everything I do is just chance, and getting new ships requires very, very specific actions that are easy to screw up, rather than good "smooth" progression.   MechCommander 2. Just complicated the mechanics too much. Removed the map fog of war, and added a far more annoying 'Mech fog of war. Didn't reward exploration with new weapons/gear. Just felt worse than the original.  Cities: Skylines. I should have loved this, but the extreme focus on traffic management over overall city management made it infuriating. Couldn't ever get anywhere due to coal plants running out of coal.  Primordia. Great in theory, but I suck as puzzles, and some of them are really obscure. Beyond that, some of the design was just bad. You could permanently lock yourself out of the "good" ending within the first 1/2 hour or so by an RNG mistake you could make.   Myst. Again, suck at puzzles.   Fallout 3. I have no idea why I didn't like it, but I just didn't. Maybe I'll try it again later some day.   Hand of Fate. Damn you rng. *Damn you.*  System Shock 2. I just can't cope with the outdated clunky mechanics. I know it's supposed to be a great game, but it hasn't aged well for me. DGAF about the graphics, it's just the gameplay.   Shadow of Mordor. Despite enjoying LOTR, I found this game just boring as fuck. Combat was solid though.       
[minecraft]	My Girlfriend and I used to play minecraft alot and now I'm looking for something new we could play together. She has a mac though while I have a pc so it would need to be cross compatible. I'm up for any suggestion but have an itch for maybe some basebuilding like minecraft or that has a persistent universe that we could just keep playing. Her computer isnt a gaming machine though. I do love rust but I don't think she likes the difficulty of it and it wouldn't run on her Mac. I also have 7 days to die but she didn't seem too interested in it and I'm not a big fan or the art style in its current state. Pulsar: Lost Colony looks really good and we would probably both enjoy that and Don't starve together as well, but I'm really just curious what else is out there. I always like trying new games and don't feel completely confined off of the genre of games I've already listed. I know this is a super broad category but I'm curious what people suggest :)  (also I try to stay pretty up to date on big releases and the general picks like portal 2, left 4 dead, etc..  so I'm more so looking for stuff that might have gone under the radar as well)
[war games, total war]	I wanted to ask if anyone knew any medieval games that is centered about large scale battles and sieges. The problem is, most medieval games I played are usually either storyline oriented (like Witcher 3), or character oriented (like Skyrim and TES).   (Witcher 3 had the kind of this battle, but only as an intro cinematic without any gameplay, the fire volleys, siege machines, etc...)  I know some are out there, but they are mainly strategy or turn based, so if there is something that lets you hop into the action.  Something like a Medieval offline Battlefield would be great too.  Also, I liked mount and blade warband, but the graphics are so outdated, so if someone knows something like it with better graphics quality.  Thank you much in advance.   (Note: I won't have an internet connection in the summer, so anything that is singleplayer is greatly preferred) 
[endless legend, this game, aow]	So, I'm looking for something to get some turn based fix. I like to know which of these have a good singleplayer campaign, or a good skirmish, like any other Civ 5 match.    I'm a midcore player, who loves to delve into that games, but not really go into the full depth. I'm also bit tight one tie for a single session of play (3-6 hours per sitting, a couple hours more, maybe)  Most suggested ones by various posts on different forums (and my thoughts) :   * **Heroes of Might &amp; Magic 3/5** : They look interesting, 3 was giving an "old PC strategy" vibe. Also suggested with is was King's Bounty series.  * **Europa Universalis IV/ Crusader Kings II** : I was thinking for something akin Civ 5. Plus it looks quite complex. I may pass this.  * **Master of Orion 1/2** : For some reason, except for point and click adventure games, I'm not comfortable with DOS games. Most of them are quite complex, requires tutorial read from manual. I can easily play anything just after DOS, but somehow...     This was also the most suggested one, so I'm really not sure about it.  * **Endless Space/Legends** : From screenshots they both look quite amazing, and many people told they had fun time with it. But some people told that Endless space lacks depth/charm of MOO series.  * **Age of Wonders 3** : This looks amazing too, and people told it is more combat heavy, which I'd prefer.   * **Alpha Centauri** : It looked quite cluttered, and UI was... ehhh, and many people seemed to agree that UI was not great. But everyone said it was one of the best, and beats Civ. So, I'm a bit curious about this game  * **Galactic Civilization II** : Another quite brought up game. Many say this is the best space 4X in recent times, but lacks the charm of MOO series. I'm also interested in the IIIrd itereation as well, if it's good.  * **Sins of a Solar Empire** : Screenshots remind a lot of Homeworld-y feel, which is a god thing. I'm not sure how approachable it'll be since it looked complex from the UI.  * **Panzer Corps(Generals)/Unity of Command** : I cannot make anything out of the screenshots as they looked like *spreadsheets*. I'm looking for something game-y (like Civ5) and not a spreadsheet simulator, so will this be fine? I also reminds me of Blitzkrieg series(an RTS series which I may try)  These are not exactly strategy titles, more like Tactics or Strategy RPG, but they were suggested as well.  * **Valkyria Chronicles** : I played this game for a few hours. The battle were quite tense, and was just introduced to unit management and tank upgrades. But I had to delete it since I had to manage space. Also, writing and story seemed quite a bit too anime-ish, which I've no problems with, but I was expecting something "better", if you know what I mean.  * **Jagged Alliance 2** : Not the most suggested one, from screenshots, I thought it was quite impressive, esp. with a contemporary setting.  * **Invisible Inc** : I LOVE cyberpunk, and this seems right up my ally. But I heard there is a strict time limit to missions, which which increases too much tension that I may not handle (I may be wrong on this one)  * **Final Fantasy Tactics / Tactics Ogre (PSP)** : Heard great praise about them, and I'm a fan of FF games. If I'd to pick only one, which one I should?  * **Disgaea** : First game is out one PC, and it seems to have been fixed. I always wanted to play it since my PS2 days, but never got around to play one. But what I've heard is it is a grind sink, and better suited to handheld.  * **Frozen Synapse** : Looks good.  * **Shadowrun Dragonfall** : This is more an RPG, but people really recommended it. Like a lot. Seems cyberpunk, but with Orcs and Elves? I'm confused.  * **Banner Saga 1/2** : Looks magical! Not sure about the gameplay  * **Silent Storm** : People suggested it was a bit buggy, and was more difficult than any usual tactics game, so I'm not sure about it.  Of course, if you think another game is worth my time other than these titles, feel free to suggest.
[running with rifles]	Hello guys, I have one more question for you.    Since I'm working, I'm looking for good *instant action* games. I mean, I like to click 'start game' and play 30 min, without obligations, without neccessity to finish specific mission or other gameplay mechanics which extends minimum playing time. Due to my internet connection problems (in my place of residence we have 10MB net for ~20 persons; slow transfer is one thing, but router is really old and wifi disconnects every few minutes). Please don't tell me *why playing with bots, it sucks, play 1) real multiplayer or 2) campaing* because 1) is not possible 2) in working days I prefere quick sessions. So, I'm searching FPS with bots which could be playing in offline mode, without internet connection, like single player in Battlefield 2 or Counter-Strike. I prefere rather realistic setting (so rather WW2 or modern conflicts than futuristic Quake 3 or Unreal Tournament). I thought about Call of Duty but supposedly internet connection is necessary even for playing playing with bots.   I played a lot similar games (Battlefield series, Counter-Strike series, Red Orchestra series, ARMA3) but since I bought new PC I'm searching for something more up-to-date. I know that most modern FPS (newer Battlefields, for example) don't support offline 'multi' with bots, but maybe you know something that I skipped in my reasearch? Best regards, Ved
[space combat]	Hi, so I was wondering if anyone knows of a game that uses real physics to simulate space combat. By that I'm meaning time delays between issuing orders and them being carried out the further away a ship is from the flag ship. Sensor data that is also time delayed. 3D movement, finite ammo and fuel, and only using the engines to change direction, not actually to move.  I realise what I'm asking is pushing the boundaries of what a home pc could simulate, but I was wondering if anyone had come across anything similar?
[ancient domains of mystery]	Graphics and audio are fully optional.   What I enjoy about these games is the ridiculous amount of possibilities and detail. In DF you can completely customize your characters ethics, then decide to sneak around towns, steal supplies, become a sort of medieval Jack the Ripper and then let your character build a cabin in the woods and write an essay which might turn out to be about the death of one of the villagers that you killed. Actually happened, and the prose was *vicious*.  Liberal Crime Squad, I haven't even fully dug into it yet. But from what I've seen it offers squad management, base management and you can even walk around on very rudimentary maps and steal jewelry from landlords, to finance your weird extremist crimes against right wing figures. You can tell your squad to make uniforms and stuff like that. It's odd, it's way too detailed, and I love it.  Yeah, so, something in that direction? I thought a Cyberpunk setting might go very well with a game like that. I know about Cataclysm DDA, but was a bit turned off by the "zombies are everywhere" thing. 
[grain of salt, my friends, lol]	I have long been a console gamer and I'm finally trying to break into the world of pc gaming but I'm wondering if now is a good time to start given my situation.  For reference, I just finished my sophomore year of college.  I've written out a list of pros and cons and I was hoping you guys could help me make a decision.  Pros:  * I will have enough money saved up for a decent rig * Since the summer is just beginning I will have a couple months to really enjoy it before I need to get back to the grind of school * I will be living in a single my junior year and probably my senior year as well so I won't need to worry about possible damages * I am a computer science major and, while my macbook has easily handled everything I've needed it to so far, having a more powerful computer at my disposal wouldn't be a bad idea  Cons:  * While I will have the money to spend on it, it will still consume a massive chunk of my summer internship stipend * My academic schedule is pretty rigorous compared to many other schools and on top of that I'm on the football team so I worry that I won't have the time to enjoy it enough to warrant the amount of money I'll be spending on it * I don't want to become too distracted and fall behind in school * I live about a 4-5 hour drive from my college so, while transporting it would not be that difficult, it would still be a pain * It will take up space in my already tight dorm room * I don't have many (any) close friends and I'm generally not a very social person so maybe I should try to spend my free time getting to know new people  Given the circumstances, should I go for it or am i better off waiting it out for another two years until I graduate?  edit: updated a pro
[miegakure]	I'm looking for games (console, pc, board games, doesn't matter the platform) that play with the concept of manipulating space. Whether that is player controlled (like Portal) or game controlled (like ~~Antimatter~~ Antichamber).   Unlike film or novels, games have the advantage having a space that can be manipulated, that changes, that responds to the player and their actions.   Jesse Maskell (of Wizards of Aus fame) said in an interview about his approach to filmmaking that he tries to, "Not treat the audience as idiots, and treat filmmaking as film, and not as theatre with cameras." Same can be said for games.  ---------------  Guys. Don't be assholes. Someone has come through and downvoted every single post in this thread, I am upvoting anyone who comments to help counteract it. ---------  ---------------  edit: Fixed spelling, punctuation, and corrected Antimatter to Antichamber. Also added running list of games below.  -------------------  * [Waldschattenspiel](http:// You play in the dark and use a tea candle that moves around the board to cast shadows.  * SUPERHOT, time moves when you do.  * Corrypt, in it "You can use magic in order to permanently freeze a tile; when you go to any other room that tile will stay as what it was when you froze it."   * Starseed Pilgrim, an exploration into a world of audio and color.  * VVVVVV, Which way is down? That depends.  * And Yet It Moves, similar to VVVVVV in that you can rotate the world.  * Braid  * Super Time Force Ultra, this one plays only with time, not space, but it is a fun way to spend a few hours.  * The Beginner's Guide, https://  * The Swapper, I haven't played this one but from what I've heard it falls into this category. /u/VeryGoodKarma mentioned it doesn't really quite fit.  * Reus, this one just barely slips in. You are not able to manipulate space but the world is a sphere that rotates under you as you walk.   * Miegakure, a 4D puzzle platformer. Go watch the videos: http://  * Scanner Sombre, your 'weapon' scans the dark world surrounding you and reveals it one point at a time. 
[life is strange]	Hey I'm looking for any kind of game that has a good story like Uncharted. I've never played the game but I've watch all of the playthroughs on it since I have no PS4.  I've played  Mass Effect, Telltale games, Tomb Raider(Didn't like it) Spec Ops(Boring) Firewatch(it was ok) Witcher 3(Love it), Bioshock(played it but was boringish)  So basically looking for single player game that plays out like a movie, no game that makes you do stupid pointless side missions like Dying light but Linear-ish if possible games.  
[ayiti: the cost of life, this war of mine, this war of mine]	So I picked up this war of mine recently, and its a great game. I love the base management and going out at night to scavenge deal. I especially like how the scavenging missions go down.   What I can only take in small doses is how the people whine and cry whenever they're forced to kill someone else. Also, I don't want everyone to get depressed when I cull the useless ones from my herd by sending them on suicide missions.  Basically I want the exact same game, but without the feelings. The feelings are too much. 
[civ]	I absolutely love the Civ series and want to try out another turn based grand strategy game.  I have had Europa Universalis and Hearts of Iron recommended and tried both, but neither are truly turn based. The game can be paused to act but it plays out in real time rather than on a turn by turn basis, and I just don't enjoy that format. I also don't enjoy the RTS battles of the Total War series sadly.  Can anyone recommended an enjoyable turn based grand strategy game? Anyone and all suggestions welcome.   Thanks in advance
[the witcher 2]	Growing up with a terrible PC and a worse netbook, I fell in love with strategy games and classic RPGs. And then I got a console, and I discovered the sheer joy of the kind of freedom of movement that comes with playing a modern third-person action-adventure game, like Assassin's Creed or Infamous.  Some top-down RPGs, like Pillars of Eternity, have really fluid movement and combat. And there are FPS/RPG hybrids (Borderlands, Destiny), and action-adventure games with RPG elements (Arkham, AC: Syndicate, Infamous: Second Son). So what I want to know is whether there's a game out there that would give me the character creation, skill development and immersive story of an RPG with the kind of freedom of movement and fluid combat that I would get from playing Second Son, or AC: Black Flag. Skyrim comes close, but the limitations on movement can be incredibly frustrating. I mean, you're telling me I'm a prophesied hero who can absorb dragon souls and use them to learn the ancient magic of the dragons, I'm the leader of the Thieves' Guild, a powerful mage, a member of an order of Vampire hunters... and I can't climb up onto the roof of a freaking house to get a better shot at a dragon? Bloodborne and the Souls games have decent combat, but movement is still pretty restricted and a lot of the character-building and coherent-story elements of RPGs kind of go by the wayside in favour of a rewarding but incredibly masochistic grind.  To clarify: I don't have a problem with the way most great RPGs handle movement and combat. I've played and loved Mass Effect, KOTOR, The Old Republic MMO, the Might &amp; Magic series, TES, Bloodborne, the Souls games, DA: Origins, all the D&amp;D isometric RPGs, Pillars of Eternity, etc, etc... I just want to try something new. I mean, I strongly suspect that it doesn't exist, but it's worth a shot.  Platforms: Wii, 3DS, PS4, Xbox 360, and a Win 10 laptop that can handle Skyrim and Borderlands but not Alice: Madness Returns. Go figure.
[planescape: torment]	Ok so I've pretty much only ever played multiplayer games with a few exceptions like skyrim, pokemon games, stuff with replayability like binding of isaac however that's pretty much it. I've tried many different times to get into single player games focused on story  however I usually end up super bored without the first hour or so and can't bring myself to continue playing.  I'm pretty much completely burnt out on all multiplayer games out atm so I'm trying to get into single player games to see if I can finally learn to enjoy them. I was just wondering what are the best games I should try out in your opinion that might be able to keep my attention.  Sorry if this is a bit confusing of a description so just say if you need me to clarify more.  edit: also I'd still prefer if they had some combat but I'll take whatever suggestions you guys have.
[space engineers, space combat, minecraft, loadout]	Are there any games out there that allows full-on ship customization in a modular way? For example, in Stellaris, I was able to somewhat 'customize' ships to my taste with countless unique options. I just want to feel that, but in more depth. A friend of mine suggested me X:Rebirth but I just don't see that game as something that fits into my criteria that much.  One of the games I tried was Endless Space. It was a long time ago so I may be remembering it wrong but I recollect the ships' looks didn't vary at all even when ship designing; I may be wrong, though.   Single player would be nice; I did not have a good time playing EVE online at all. Same goes for Star Citizen, I guess the features I want is coming in the future but as of now, it doesn't seem like it'll happen anytime in the near future.
[rogue legacy]	Looking for permadeath games. Examples are hardcore modes in Diablo 3 and Minecraft. Also I like being able to rename various characters in game. FTL is a good example since you can rename ship and crew plus it has permadeath. But even games like FallOut/Skyrim naming work, just tougher to enforce the permadeath XP.  Sorry new update. PC gamer. Nothing against the consoles just will be recording off my PC for youtube.  Making a list of the games I am considering so far  -Diablo 3  -Minecraft  -FTL/Faster than Light  -Xcom2  -DayZ  -Darkest Dungeon  -Rogue Legacy
[xbox one]	I've had a 360 since it came out (still the same way one actually) and just finished Halo 4. I'm a fan of the halo series and kind of finally have an inkling to possibly get an Xbone because Halo 5 isn't available on PC.  I play A LOT on PC and have a substantial library; however, there are just some games that don't make it here. My questions are:  1. Is Halo 5 a worthwhile game? 2. What are some other worthwhile games that bring a unique experience that's only on the Xbone?  **EDIT** If it's not worthwhile, anyone know of a good Let's Play? I might as well watch the game.
[loadout]	I've been struggling to find something that actually grabs my attention lately. I guess i'll start by listing stuff ive already played and really liked and then go into what exactly im looking for.   I'm a big fan of jrpgs. Played tales of symphonia, vesperia, the abyss, zestiria, any of the older tales games I havent been able to get into since the fighting style was different (not a fan of linear fights, i liked the free run abilities in the ones i listed). The mass effect trilogy was amazing, as were the elder scrolls games. Fallout series obviously though 4 was a let down. Not a huge fan of mmo's, the only one ive really been able to get into is destiny and its very different from most. The last of us was also great. dark souls/ demon souls / bloodborne series were all awesome. The first several assassins creed games were great but the series has gotten kinda stale since then. Never been big on COD. Played all the Dragon age games and they were great. Loved KOTOR 1 and 2, as well as neverwinter nights 1 and 2. Didn't really like the witcher 2 for some reason, even though it seemed like it would be right up my alley (may have been that my computer was barely running it).   So now into what I'm hoping to find in a game I guess. I want something with basic character customization, dont need to be able to design their whole face but armor/weapon slots that actually affects appearance is a must. Like I said in the title I'm looking for something more story driven than loot based, Destiny has burned me out on grinding for gear. something like mass effect/the last of us where you have to make sacrifices/tough choices for the greater good would be great. even better if your choices actually effect the ending but I've nearly given up on a game doing that right.   I have a ps4 and a laptop, so console games or pc games with requirements on the lower side, or anything that can be emulated. Not super picky on how modern it is but I'd prefer to avoid any Indy style games like undertale.  I realize that's kind of a lot, but I'm casting a wide net hoping to find something thats slipped past me, so please throw lots and lots of suggestions at me. Worst case scenario i've already played it or it looks uninteresting haha. 
[baldur's gate]	So most fantasy games are rpgs and the thing with them are that all of the NPCs are sort of badly voiced act and are just a place to get quests from which I'm not a big fan of. So I'm looking for a game that is a bit more real. You go fight with some NPCs and they have a bit of banter and whatever and are just awesome charectars that you enjoy having with you for companions. I recently picked up Warhammer Vermintide and I know that your companions there are other people but the banter that the charecters have and the way they are voice acted is really enjoyable for me so I was woundering if I can find something like that but singleplayer so that I don't hear my friends on skype screaming over it.    I know that a lot of you will say the witcher 3 and I'm not saying that the voice acting is anywhere near bad in that game but it just didn't clicked with me.
[dungeon keeper, orcs must die!]	My favourite part of Bioshock 2 was when you had to defend the little sisters from splicer attacks, and you could take your time to prepare the immediate area by filling it up with traps (the rivets, whirlwinds, etc.) hacking security bots to help you out, preparing your weapons and plasmids, etc. The same principle applied to the big daddy and big sister battles, too - in general you could prepare yourself and your environment before every major battle in Bioshock 2, and it was a refreshing change and that offered a variety of fun that no other game has been able to offer me since.  Does anyone know of any other action-oriented games with a similar mechanic? Whether first-person shooter, third person, 2D, 3D, etc etc. (Not tower defence games, please!)  Thanks in advance for any help!
[two worlds]	hey guys, i'm looking for very gamey, open world RPGs. ones that have solid/interesting mechanics or systems. i like the abstract over the tactile/realistic. think wow (abilities, targeting) vs skyrim (freeform, physically swinging a weapon) combat. and i'd like open world because i like the freedom to do what i want to do; linear games kill my soul T_T  also i'm mainly looking for real-time ones. i know there are probably a lot of turn-based ones that would fit my criteria otherwise  examples that i've played/am playing:  * Dragon Age: Inquisition * WoW (and other most MMOs, but they usually end up being too samey after a certain point, hit the same buttons in sequence every fight, no difficulty kinda thing. if you know of any that don't have that problem, i'm all ears) * Kingdoms of Amalur * Diablo III (particularly adventure mode for the freedom, but generally speaking dungeon crawlers are too mindless) * All Souls games (not exactly that abstract i'm looking for, but great nonetheless) * Dragon's Dogma (combat mechanics are kinda meh, but it has some definite merit) * Fallout 3/4 (worth mentioning because of VATS, but not interesting enough)  i'll take as many suggestions as possible, new or old, obscure or popular because i may have things to play atm, but i'd like to have a list to last me a while. as for platform: if you suggest it, i probably have it  thanks!  TL;DR: open world, rpg, fun/mechanically interesting combat, any system, real-time  edit: thanks for the suggestions guys! &lt;3
[south park: the stick of truth]	Hi little you behind your computer  I am looking for some great/underrated or even average, comedy games, silly or trash or adult humor expected  Platforms, FPS, TPS, exploration games would be excellent I am not too much in mood for point and click but you can mention me some if they are actually funny (I loved Monkey Islands "me younger")... Mini games are also welcome.  Nowadays, I own a PC and a PS4.  To be more specific... I am a big fan of series like Seinfeld, Always sunny in Philadelphia, workaholics, Adult swim cartoons... I'd like to find these kinds of humor in games but definitely I haven't found anything relating so far ,,so light humor games would be fine too but isn't the gem i am so much after  Well I typed too much let's say it is more than enough  Thanks
[overwatch]	Im looking for a FPS (hopefully free) which has a fast paced arcade-y feel. Some kind of game I can pick up,go kill bunch of other players and quit when i feel like doing so. So far I played;  TF2,UT2004,Blacklight Retribution (looking for a game like this),Loadout (great game,shame that the devs stopped working on it),Tribes Ascend,Battlefield 4 (Its a fun game,but a little less fun than i thought since i dont have any friends to play with),CoDBO3 (Its somewhat ok,looking for a game like this),CSGO (its a fun game but the learning curve is so steep im having a hard time getting into it),Planetside 2 (My computer caught on fire before I pressed play),Warframe (Its a fun game,jsut kinda repetitive) and a bunch of other F2P asian FPS. The ones with near-shirtless ladies running around with golden ak-47.  Sorry for the long post...
[dying light]	Not sure if this exists, but let me try my best to give examples of what I'm looking for.  I *love* the first two Infamous games. I love how open world they are, and how you get to traverse these big cities with super powers. Unfortunately I can't seem to find other games like this.  I've played *some* of Assassin's Creed 2 and I really like being able to run around the city/climb stuff so that *kind* of fits the bill too. I particularly like how fast/smooth city movement can be.  I haven't played it, but Arkham City looks like it could fit the bill ok. I worry that it's not fast enough though. Let me know if I should try this.  I guess I wish there was some sort of hybrid between infamous and Sonic games where you can run real fast and traverse an open world city.  It's ok if suggestions aren't as fast as that, and if they aren't open world that's ok too, but I would **strongly** prefer open world games.
[citybuilder, anno 1404, reus]	I know I'm probably asking for the moon, but I'll try it anyway. I played a lot of RTS and city management games, and I liked many of them, expecially:  Age of Empires I and II  Caesar III  Stronghold and Stronghold Crusader  Anno 1404  Banished  Rise of Nations  Age of Mythology  Rome and Medieval II Total War  Cossacks  I like the fact that I can manage my city in real time and eventually go to war (except for Banished). I also love isometric graphics. Can you suggest something else I'd like? Possibly games that I can find on GOG or Steam.  Thank you.  
[bioshock, break.]	Hello guys,  every weekend me and my friends come together to hang out. Usually we decide on a game we would like to play and from there on we just look how it goes. We are currently playing Dark Souls 3 and we spent endless hours on Naruto 4 as well as in Nidhogg. Currently we are kinda lost. We would like to give Dark Souls a break since we are all no hardcore gamers and the amount of deaths is quite frustrating from time to time.  Now, we do not know what to play. We have a Ps4 and a pretty strong computer for gaming but we can't decide on a game to play. We would like to play something we can (if we are good enough) beat in one sitting or finish on the next weekend. Means we are looking for a game with a length of around 10 to 20 hours. It does not matter if it's single or multi-player  The genre does not matter to us since we are open for everything. We want to play The Witcher 3 in the near future but are currently not ready for such a long "commitment". Are there any games with a great story one can beat in a day (or night)? Firewatch looks really promising but the story is not really appealing to us. 
[rogue trooper]	Hey guys. First time on this sub. It was difficult to think of a title that didn't sound weird for this. Basically, lately I've been super into Dark Souls and also really looking forward to For Honor, based mostly upon the really precise way you can control your weapon and really feel like you have command over your sword.  I fell in love with the concept of really owning and being proud of your weapon and your skill with it. Are there any games that are really about control over a melee weapon, good combat, maybe some customization for weapons? 
[the witcher 2, xcom 2]	My favorite story-based things in games are like in Mass Effect or Dragon Age where you decide who to bang, and the occasional thing where you're forced into making a really tough decision (where your choice seems to matter).   The Telltale Walking Dead and Game of Thrones games do the tough decisions really well, but it's a lot of story and pointless interactivity to sit through to get to the 5 tough decisions per episode.   I prefer a kind of action RPG type setup. I like the DA and ME series a lot, I've tried all of BioWare's other stuff. I like Fallout 1/2/NV, but don't care for Skyrim or the Witcher. And I kinda hate stealth-based combat for some reason... I loved the aesthetics of Dishonored, for example, but I didn't find the gameplay fun at all. I've been waiting forever for Wasteland 2 to go on sale. Any other suggestions?   Edit: PC, btw
[command and conquer, red alert]	Hi everyone. I'm at a bit of a loss. I bought Company of Heroes 2 on a sale, thought it was really cool until 2-3 missions in I was so annoyed by the hectic of micromanagement that i dropped it. I bought TW Rome 2, had a lot of fun with it until after a couple of hours the armies began so bothersome to micromanage that I dropped that one too. Bought Crusader Kings 2 on a sale, found the setting and the idea of it super compelling, but boy does it a poor job explaining itself to newbies. Dropped that one too after a couple of hours.  So I'm looking for a cool strategy game with as little hectic and micromanagement as possible, preferably set in medieval times or WW1 or 2. Oh, and dont say CIV5 :-P Or would you suggest I give the games I already own another try? Possibly with a different approach/mindset? Enlighten me!
[crash bandicoot: warped]	Steal the idea if you want devs. I think it would be amazing if someone created a game wherein each level was a different period of time and a different genre of game. So for example, the first mission starts as part of the Spanish Armada (big ass boat battles why isn't there more) and have an epic opening battle at the end you are blown into the water where the credits begin. Third person open battlefield. You can toy with a sort of animus idea in the sense that you are being sent back from the future or an alternative again maybe a bit Assassins creedy but oh well that each level and each time period you are a family descendent of the original player and go through history in significant events creating an epic game.  What differs than any other time travel games (I can't remember any since timesplitters and that was a fps) is that the first level on the boats is like a tank war game and the next level you wake up in medieval times and have to fight a 1st person battle with sword in hand.  After that is beaten you go to the vatican and have to do a hitman style stealth level to acquire something/take someone out.  In the next time zone you are a native american and have to escape from captivity, this would be a long set piece level with quick time events and against the clock racing to escape.  The next world you are on a horse and have to stop a train from crashing by chasing it and jumping on board.  All of these different levels should be a different genre and can toy with camera angle etc in terms of linking the story it could just be called a history with no real linking of times although I can imagine people would want more.  In the next level you could be Napoleon watching over a battlefield and moving soldiers strategy style.  This is just a rough waffle that I have written off the cuff however I do think that a game wherein each level was a different time and genre would be epic.  Car levels akin to gran turismo, battles like call of duty, stealth like hitman, exploration like the witcher, random sports level, puzzle levels.  I've just though of something to begin it, the player is a scientist in 2143 who has invented a way to time travel via some mumbo jumbo from terminator/back to the future.  Each level lasts 1 day in that world and player comes back.   Player has no control over when he is sent and just wakes up and has to make the most of whatever situation he finds himself in but becomes addicted to the thrill of it and keeps going back in. At the end he figures out how to control the time period he goes to. Game ends with a player going back in time to watch Jesus get crucified (or something else as epic) and makes moves to suggest he will stop it and the game ends. *cue massive hype about the sequel.  What do you all think? Do we need more time travel games? They don't even have to change genre each level maybe just incorporate every style into the overall game. Get on it someone, I don't know how to, as a side note where would I begin if i wanted to create games?
[the sims, only you]	Pretty much what the title says, but here's some examples with the type of progression I have in mind: 1 - Terraria: You eventually get gear that's so strong that bosses become target practice 2 - Skyrim: You keep getting new skills, perks, spells and weapons. Not to mention, there is a huge progression of the protagonist (story-wise) 3 - MOBAs: As you play more, you become better. Eventually, you can become so much better than lower division players and the difference in skill is very visible.  Thanks in advance &lt;3
[stardew valley]	Hey guys, I am an avid gamer and I built my own pc not to long ago. My sister loves watching youtube gamers and wants to start playing games. She currently plays minecraft but at lowest settings at around 30 fps. I am wondering what games I could suggest for her to play that her pc could actually handle. I know she wont be able to run too much but I would love for her to be able to enjoy some gaming. She currently has a Dell Inspiron 2330 with a 3ghz pentium cpu, 4gb of ram and 32mb vram on intel hd graphics. Thanks a lot!
[rayman legends]	I am looking for a game that I can play with my daughter ( years old).  I travel a lot and she loves playing computer games like daddy, so looking for one we can play together.  Currently we play  together, since it is online, and doesn't require much skill, but I am looking for another option to play with her.  Nothing to difficult, something she can get going on her own (so no help from mom needed to get the game going), and something she can play well enough (nothing very expansive or requiring much strategy).  Thanks for the advice.
[ancient evil, mass effect, star wars]	Most of the sci-fi RPGs with space travel tend to fall in one of two categories: the "Star Wars" category, where they're in a science fiction setting, but mostly rely on the tropes found in fantasy, or the "merchant" category, where the game is mostly focused on traveling around, buying something from one space station, then selling it somewhere else for a profit, MAYBE with combat between you and a pirate, or the option to become a pirate.  I'd like one in the style of Star Trek: The Original Series, where you can travel the galaxy, discover new life and new civilizations, boldly go, you know the drill. Maybe with ship-to-ship combat, but what I'd most like is being able to go down to the surface of a planet as part of an away team and have an adventure down there.
[hero siege]	I am looking for a new multiplayer hack n slash ARPG to play. There's a few on the Steam market at the moment however most are rougelikes and lack things like talent trees, collecting gear, crafting etc.  I am also really wanting a game that is pixel art. There are a few games I should mention that I have looked at or played including;  * Secrets of Grindea - Is great but development is slow and lacks a little depth in the gear section  * Chronicon - This is pretty much the type of game that I am after except it doesn't have multiplayer  * Grim Dawn - Awesome. Played it to death though and I am looking for pixel art if possible  * PoE - Just can't get into this game, tried it a few times and I am not really a fan  * Diablo3 - Played it a heap, pretty boring and repetitive, also isn't pixel art  * Wanderlust Adventures - I was actually really excited for this game but was bitterly disappointed. Lacks depth in many areas and just wasn't fun.  * Victor Vran - Was ok, but not pixel art  * Van Helsing - Average, buggy as all hell and not pixel art  Not sure if there is such a game that exists; I have done some fairly extensive research looking for such a game.  The key features that I am after are: pixel art, multiplayer, talents/something similar, gear customisation, crafting (possibly?), obviously a H&amp;S ARPG.  Are there any games that might fit this criteria? Even projects that are in development I would be interested in so I can put them on my radar.  Cheers
[the secret of monkey island - special edition, tom clancy's splinter cell: chaos theory, red orchestra 2: heroes of stalingrad, the original strife: veteran edition, prince of persia: the sands of time, s.t.a.l.k.e.r.: shadow of chernobyl, dark souls: prepare to die edition, stories: the path of destinies , system shock: enhanced edition, tom clancy's rainbow six siege, metal gear rising: revengeance, the vanishing of ethan carter , valiant hearts: the great war, ghostbusters: the video game, return to castle wolfenstein, shadow warrior classic redux, call of juarez: gunslinger, tom clancy's rainbow six 3, resident evil hd remaster, grim fandango remastered , crypt of the necrodancer, alice: madness returns, star wars: tie fighter, nights into dreams..., the stanley parable, hitman: blood money, the talos principle, salt and sanctuary , assassin's creed ii, spec ops: the line, the ultimate doom, alien: isolation , mark of the ninja, life is strange , the walking dead, this war of mine, resident evil 4, project zomboid, dark souls iii, system shock 2, rayman origins, mirror's edge, path of exile, mass effect 2, rising storm , psychonauts , axiom verge , tomb raider , helldivers , half-life 2, to the moon, cave story+, samorost 3, dead space, metro 2033, alan wake , l.a. noire, superhot , grow home, bioshock , deus ex , f.e.a.r., thief 2, vvvvvv , arma 3 , crysis]	Here's my wishlist so far: http://  I have 100$ USD for the steam sale and I'm trying to think of more games to put on there just in case I can buy more than just this list. I play a lot of Hearthstone, Call of Duty Zombies, Terraria, Nuclear Throne and Enter the Gungeon. However, I'm looking to branch out and get some different kinds of games this time around. Great games in a category that I don't really dabble in too much are appreciated. However, turn based RPGs aren't really my thing and I suck at RTS games so keep those in mind. Thanks :) Here's the list of the games that I own so you can make sure not to recommend a duplicate: http:// 
[path of exile]	I've played a fair bit of Blade and Soul since the international version came out and reached lv 50, it was my first MMORPG and while at the beginning it was pretty interesting, in the end I got bored of the infinite grind for soulstones as well of OWPVP.   I never do PvP (I don't really care for it, if I want to face human players I just go back to BF4), so PvE is all for my experience. A good crafting system could be interesting to try. It must be F2P, I don't care if it is pay2win as long as it is possible to get to the level cap without paying. I'm not that interested in the plot either.   I've already "tried" (probably less than 10 hours, so they're basically brand new) Tera and Guild Wars 2. Anything else? Thanks!
[yakuza]	I dont play many good campaign games at all mostly massively multiplayer games but recently I played and really enjoyed Sleeping Dogs. I tried out Just Cause 3 and also found that to be quiet fun but nowhere near the level of Sleeping Dogs. I have played through all the GTA games and also I tried Skyrim and Fallout but didnt like it that much. Does anyone have any recommendations? I was thinking of trying The Witcher or Dark Souls but I dont think I would enjoy it that much as I dont like games like those, Skyrim etc.   Thanks!
[system shock, deus ex]	Hello. I'm creeping out from under my gaming rock.   I don't play often these days, but when I do, I generally want something immersive that rewards patience and strategy more than button mashing. In the Bioshock series, for example, I actually liked the little puzzles you used to have to solve to disarm security cameras. I may be the only person who liked them.   I generally enjoy the economics of games more than combat. In the early versions of Warcraft, for example, I would always delay winning levels until every possible resource was tapped out and everything was built. Anyone remember Railroad Tycoon? Loved it. However, I didn't enjoy Sim City 4, so apparently my love for game economics isn't infinite.  I also don't like playing against humans, so I stopped playing Warcraft when it became WoW.   Anyway, I never think about games unless I decide to start Steam maybe once a month. Therefore, my mind is a blank slate. I'd like to know what's good.  * edit 1: brevity and clarity * edit 2: I'm PC only. No consoles. * edit 3: thanks for all these great suggestions. I feel like I have a better handle on current and classic offerings now.
[guild wars 2, ninja, bots]	I'm a huge fan of Skyrim, but I've never really gotten into online RPG games. I did play Destiny, and I liked the overall feel of that game, but I have some issues with it and I'd like to find something new.  I don't find loot grinds very compelling (one of my major gripes with Destiny), and I want something where the combat itself is entertaining and feels immediate. I love lots of exploration and robust character customization (I didn't like the limited armor options in un-modded Skyrim) and enjoy role-playing and the feeling of immersing myself in another world. One thing I didn't like about Destiny is how players are referred to by their username, and not a character name; I don't like things like that constitute an implicit reminder that you're just playing a game.  At the same time, I do want something that gives me the option to join up and play with other players (something I can enjoy with friends too), but never forces me to. I did like getting to customize and show off my character in Destiny, so that's something I'd be interested in also.  Ideally, I'm looking for something in a medieval or fantasy setting. In short, are there any games that really feel like Skyrim with multiplayer? I've heard that ESO doesn't feel very much like Skyrim at all, so I'm searching elsewhere. Anything I should look into? Thanks in advance!
[to the moon]	This is a very subjective matter, but lets do it anyway.  Undertale is my best example and even though I finished it months ago, it still pops into my mind of how much of an impact it left. Also the music is so kick-ass I still listen to it.  I'd love to play other games that might leave me speechless. If its stories that are fantastic and/or mindblowing or mechanics that work so well they can make an impact, I wanna hear about them.  A few other examples I've heard about: Soma, The Walking Dead, The Stanley Parable, System Shock 2.  Any platform, any year, any genre.  If you have suggestions that have a massive story twist in it, please don't spoil it.. Actually don't even say if it even HAS a twist. Twists are best to experience when you got no idea they are even coming.
[metro 2033]	I am not much into the gameplay and all the jump scares and powerlessness that penumbra, cthulhu, condemned, amnesia, soma, fear or whatever series offer.  what i would like is something like thief 1-3 or vampire bloodlines. alan wake is probably as far as i would go into horror-ness. pc only. stealth gameplay would be a huge plus.  edit: i might have said it slightly wrong, but the things i liked the most in those games wasnt the cradle level in thief or the first mission in vamp bloodlines. it was more of a feeling of being where you are not supposed to be and creeping on other people mostly. those games being slightly creepy was a plus ofcourse, but i dont need a soft-horror or a horror game at all. that being said i dont need just a stealthy game, games like splinter cell or metal gear series dont have what i need at all.
[dark souls, dark souls, bloodborne]	So lately I haven't been able to find a game that I can play for long. I'm looking for a game that I can sink hours into without getting bored, and I hope you can help cause i'm at a loss. I enjoy RPG games with factions, like the geneforge saga, I also like action games , with 430 hours into Counter Strike GO. I've played league of legends, heroes of the storm, Smite, Warframe, Guildwars 2, Starcraft 2, and I honestly can't find something to stick with. I've played Skyrim, Fallout, Metro 2033, Metro Last Light, Diablo 3, Dying light, GTA V, Witcher 3, and a bunch more that would make this post too long. Basically, I just want a game that has a large universe or at least an interesting one, and I want to be able to sink hours and hours into it without it getting boring for me, hopefully that's not impossible!  TL;DR:What's a game with a cool and expansive world that I can sink hours into?
[warframe, warframe, diablo]	Hey guys, I'm in a super massive gaming rut at the moment, nothing holds my interest really.   Games centered in leveling/gear progression are my main go-to games, as I like sinking in hours upon hours. I've played a LOT of these kinds of games, the main ones being:  * Runescape, about 1k hours * Diablo 3/RoS, about  hours * Witcher 3, few hundred hours * Dark Souls I/II Through a few times each * Disgaea, a lot of time * FFX * WoW, solid 1000~ hours   These are the main ones, there's others but I'm just looking for any real suggestions as to something that could recapture my interest in gaming.  Cheers guys x
[the last of us, tomb raider]	Best Game I played was Tomb Raider. Kind of waiting for Tomb Raider 2 to lower in price, so I've been watching.  Already played and enjoyed most of the Batman Games. Hated Fallout 4 but enjoyed Skyrim. Played Dragon's Dogma Dark Arisen for Couple of hours before realizing I am not into RPG's anymore. Trying to venture my addiction away from OSRS. O_O  I heard Wolfenstein New Blood is the game I'm looking for but I can never catch it on sale!!! :c   Edit: Looking for PC. Do own a PS3 that I use to watch Netlfix on tho :d
[dragon age inquisition]	Hi! This is an odd kind of ask but why not try...  Long story short, I've been hooked on FFXIV until suddenly PC becomes The Chosen One and a super special snowflake and suddenly I lose interest? I know it sounds kind of sad but are there any games that are literally just...fantasy/sci fi type RPG player character/main character helping people out, learning skills/magic, building houses, world exploring, getting pets, playing mini games, doing dungeons, without suddenly turning into some kind of super awesome prophesied minigod?   PS2-4 or PC (Wii at a push).  Thanks!
[the witcher]	I asked a while ago on this sub about a game to play in summer and someone suggested Mass Effect triology. I ended up getting it + the DLC and it was simply amazing. I'm now looking for another game that has a great singleplayer story, and most importantly a great experience and interaction with characters. I already played Dragon Age and loved it so much. So, I'm asking if anyone knew any games with great stories in which choices and interaction with characters do matter please tell me. Thanks in advance.  Edit: I'd love if there's something set in the current timeline, doesn't have to be 100% realistic tho, but not overly fictional however. But if there isn't any then no problem. 
[board games, card games, game on]	Hey Gamers of Reddit!  I'm looking for game suggestions for a long distance relationship. Here's the catch, I'm currently 8 hours ahead of her, and my internet isn't as reliable as I would like it to be, so I'm looking for something that's not very reaction heavy. Perhaps something turn-based.  She's a console gamer with a PS4, and I'm a PC gamer. I'm not really opposed to getting a PS4, but I'd rather stick to PC since we both have one.  We're both fans of RPG's, sharing a great story together would be great. She's not a big fan of FPS games, I'm thinking mostly along the lines of casual gaming. It would also be neat to find someway for us to play old SNES or Nintendo64 games together.  TL;DR - 2 player games great for a long distance relationship where one person doesn't have a great internet connection  Thoughts? 
[rainbow six siege, fallout 3, out there]	Hi there!   Sorry if my english is bad..   so I wanna buy an Xbox One for the exclusives, I usually play on PC and PS4   so there's a fallout 4 bundle, and a Rainbow Six Siege bundle for xbox, I'm planning to buy one of those, but I can't decide which game I should play,   I have no friends who play Xbox or PS4, they're all on PC, so probably fallout 4 is a good choice since I don't have anyone to play with, and I haven't played Fallout 4 yet, but Rainbow Six Siege looks like a fun multiplayer game, might wanna try it      so, which one should I choose?   The Fallout 4 Bundle? or the Rainbow Six Siege bundle?      Thanks for all your answers!
[metal gear]	I've been playing a lot of assassin's creed 2, brotherhood and revelations and it's really enjoyable being a total badass, some other games that fit this bill would be   * The Witcher 3 * Skyrim * Other AC games * Dishonored * Far Cry 3/4 (wasn't as enjoyable as the other ones above) * Tomb Raider  not exactly what I had in mind but not completely off the mark either  * Devil May Cry (5?) * Portal 2  * Saints Row 3 * Superhot * GTA 5 * Some Batman games (didn't really enjoy the games though)  Any genre is fine, I'd prefer decent graphics but not a must if the gameplay makes up for it.  PC only please. 
[dark souls]	Just looking for people's opinions that have played these games as to which one would be better to get into right now. I plan on owning both eventually but can only really afford one right now. I am very interested in both. I'm thinking that getting Overwatch may be smart because of how super popular it is now, and I don't see a price reduction coming anytime soon. But at the same time I've played the other souls games and loved them, but never played one while it was still popular, so getting Dark souls 3 while its still relatively new could give me a whole new experience. Any thoughts are appreciated
[age of mythology: extended edition, rise of nations: extended edition, keep talking and nobody explodes, lovers in a dangerous spacetime, call of duty 4: modern warfare, the binding of isaac: rebirth, battlefield: bad company 2, super house of dead ninjas, battlefleet gothic: armada, offworld trading company, human resource machine, dungeon of the endless, guild of dungeoneering, the flame in the flood, ultimate chicken horse, you must build a boat, europa universalis iv, guns of icarus online, blitzkrieg anthology, the beginner's guide, xcom: enemy unknown, tabletop simulator, enter the gungeon, shadowrun returns, the wolf among us, hearts of iron iv, who's your daddy, the walking dead, hard reset redux, this war of mine, invisible, inc., castle crashers, the banner saga, darkest dungeon, life is strange, papers, please, age of empires, nuclear throne, civilization v, mirror's edge, hand of fate, don't starve, rogue legacy, 8-bit armies, action games, city builder, move or die, luftrausers, gang beasts, to the moon, planetbase, mini metro, stellaris, spacechem, huniepop, postal 2, downwell, hexcells, superhot, factorio, spelunky, nidhogg, deus ex, verdun, lyne]	Hello, lately I've been bored as hell, I just want to find a new game that will keep me hooked for a long time.  The last game that kept me hooked was Dishonored, but I'm bored of it already.  I own a PS4, PS3, a crappy PC (when I say crappy, I mean really I lose about 20 frames when I walk inside a smoke on CS:GO) and a 3DS, also, I'm looking for RPG's, action games, or a good single player campaign. It would be nice if also had co-op.  Here is my steam id in case it could help to understand my tastes: https://  Also, excuse my grammar, english is not my native language.
[runescape]	Hello!  I am looking for games that are very casual and can be played while I also do other things (watching a video, talking on phone, etc.). Closest game to this right now, that I own, is Civ V, however it is not casual and I tend to lose focus very fast and it costs me the game.  I found a few games that could qualify though, but I am so unsure about it: namely - **** and **Sims 3**.  However, if you have any recommendation of a game that you think could do for me, it would be amazing!  Oh also.. big bonus if the game doesn't have a deep story to follow (can have some though), and if the game does not need need the mouse much (because I generally use a touchpad).  Thanks in advance!  ps.: PC only
[dark souls]	Hey folks,   My Mom and her husband recently purchased themselves an Xbox 360, mostly to use for DVDs and Netflix. Recently my Mom was asking me about game suggestions; they got a few that haven't been big hits, mostly because they grew up gaming on a joystick with a single button and modern games are honestly pretty complex if you weren't eased into it like most of us. Anyway, I suggested the Lego games to start with, and I've been considering Portal as well.  TL;DR Relatively easy to learn xbox 360 games I could suggest to my mom?
[running with rifles]	The only game I've really seen this in is some of Mount and Blade mods, but they felt really incomplete and you could climb from rank 1 to the highest rank in less than an hour of gameplay, i'd love a game all about this.   Dynasty Warriors is one of my favorite game series and some characters have this kind of plot, but to be honest the gameplay doesn't really reflect it. You can be a peasant or a war general, you're still gonna slaughter like 500 goons every level.  I'd love a game that limited you in the earlier parts, either on equipment, stats, or just free will. 
[fallout: new vegas]	This might sound weird, but I want to play a game where you go to Vegas, gamble, and try to amass a fortune.  You could go to various casinos, and had random events happen during the game.  The events always had a random outcome, and could either be good or bad.  Like, losing 100 dollars because you let a guy borrow it and he lost, or gaining 1000 dollars, because that guy hit it big.   I remember an old game on SNES called 'Vegas Stakes' that was kind of like this.  I still play it every now and then, but I am kind of hoping that maybe someone made a more modern version.  Is there a game like that out there, or am I out of luck?
[gravity rush]	I just got 60 dollars worth in PSN gift cards, so I wanna know if you all know any good games based around movement? Or just that put a good focus on it?  I've always been a sucker for 3D and 2D platformers, due to their requirement for timing and focus on movement. I want a game that feels good to control and doesn't automate my movement. Like, say, if you were to recommend me Mirror's Edge vs. Assassin's Creed, I would prefer Mirror's Edge, as I feel Assassin's Creed automates movement too much in terms of parkour.  Help would be greatly appreciated! 
[crusader kings, victoria 2, total war, civ]	After 3+ years of hardcore league of legends, the game changes keep making it worse for me,  i no longer have the time to play it competitively like i loved to and my friends are pretty much done with it too. So i'm looking for something else to play even though i probably won't play it for long(unless it's really good).  Not sure what i'm looking for although i don't feel like playing multiplayer games because i don't have the time to devote to the competitive side of it. I usually play a single game for extended periods of time so keep that in mind if it helps, for whatever reason.  My all time favorite games are:  * Star Wars Battlefront 2  * Age of Mythology  * Age of Empires III  * Tekken Tag Tournament and Tekken 5  * Minecraft  * Lord of the rings: The return of the king  * God of War  * Dark Messiah : might and magic  * Shinobido Tales of the ninja  * Monster Hunter : Freedom unite  I also spent something like 5 years playing Cross Fire but i wouldn't call it one of my favorite games, although there's a very big emotional connection with it.  There's definitely some common characteristics: i love building and managing stuff, AoE and AoM are limited by population numbers and games can be too short but minecraft lacks purpose and interesting things to do besides building. I love the variety of characters in Tekken, Shinobido, SWBF2, LotRRotK. I also like going through an adventure like in LotRRotK, DMMG and GoW. The constant change of enemies and places is something i value. What i like the most is probably the feeling that there's something to work towards like in Cross Fire and that my progress is not in vain, for example: i can build the biggest city in AoM but once the game is over i have to start over again, while in Cross Fire the games are just ways for me to keep improving my account and that is progress that i will never lose.  I hope you can help me with this. If it helps, i just downloeaded Civ 5's demo and will give it a try even though i usually hate turn based games. 
[impossible creatures]	Trigger warning: May contain crappy english.  I'd appreciate any suggestions of a Strategy game ( real time/turn based - doesn't matter) where you can design your own units.  Something like From the Depths but land oriented or like KSP + bdarmory mod would be awesome but minor customisation ( only the weapon on the unit for example) will work too.  EDIT: Thaks to all the replays. It seems that most of the games are space game, which is great and all, but does any one maybe have more land based games? modern time ones (set in the modern era -WWI to near future) would be awsome. Thank you.
[dragon age origins]	Hey guys,  I just finished Witcher 3: The Wild Hunt, and god did I like it. Each of the quests was intensely story-driven, each offering some kind of a mystery to solve. Dark creatures from horrid corners of a mystical world. Not to mention a truly badass spellsword character to nullify them all! Well, now I am looking for something else. An action role-playing game of course, with lots of dark fantasy, magic elements. Let me elaborate. Horrible creatures, twisted mysteries, dark mystical powers and so on. The game need not be a renowned one, I am all for chances. But I need the graphics and gameplay to be smooth, like Witcher 3. The Souls franchise is not really my cup of tea, so let's just avoid that and Bloodborne. Other than that, I am all ears.
[mass effect, the witcher]	My gf really likes watching games (really gets into it) but doesn't really like to play. She enjoys games "with a point to them", which basically means something where you're progressing through a story.  Do you have any favourites or played any in particular that others have had a good time watching?  I know most games would probably fit the bill but I guess I'm asking for tried and true suggestions that give more story than your standard minimal cutscene action-adventure ( GoW).  So to reiterate, she'd likely really enjoy something story heavy/cinematic, but not necessarily starved for action (she used to play FPS games with her older brother). Any suggestions?
[minecraft]	I'm looking for games that involve a lot of base building/economy building, such as Dwarf Fortress, Settlers, Rimworld, Gnomoria, etc.  Obviously DF is the daddy, but every time I try and get back into it, I remember how much I despise the UI.  I enjoyed Gnomoria, and Rimworld was decent, if a bit too simple.  I also enjoyed Craft the World.  I never really got into Minecraft though - something about it bored me.  I enjoyed the Anno series, but I'm looking for a more personal/ground-level kind of game, rather than a city builder.  So what else might I enjoy?
[prison architect, darkest dungeon, dwarf fortress, action games, risk of rain, home base, rimworld, factorio]	I'm looking for PC games I can play on the side while watching stuff such as TV, streams, or movies. So basically stuff that's easy to pause and not overly complex (no 4X). I've found that turn-based strategy and builders are generally the best for this. To give you an example of what I'm looking for I'll list a few games that work for me:  * Civilization  * XCOM * Total War * SimCity * Banished * Mount &amp; Blade: Warband * Prison Architect * FTL  I know this is pretty specific but I go through games pretty quick and am always looking for new stuff. 
[serious sam]	Hi all,  When I first got into PC gaming I played loads of Doom II and Duke Nukem 3D.  Completed and loved them both, but I also had both on whatever the easiest difficulty level was as I'm not great at these types games but I enjoy playing them in "easy mode" for some simple switch off the brain gaming.  Can somebody recommend some modern day equivalents? I don't want some attempt at a deep story or terrible attempts at character development - just shooting stuff. Bonus points for having a slightly iffy sense of humour (like Duke Nukem 3D).  TIA!
[doom 3]	Hello! My boyfriend is going in for his 9th knee surgery next week. He is only 30 and he's an active guy. He's really depressed about his knee getting in the way of him hiking, biking and whatnot. My poor guy has a 4 week recovery period of sitting on his butt to look forward to. I want to make his recovery time a little better with some fresh games for his Xbox One!   He recently beat Halo: Guardians on Legendary mode with minimal rage quitting (I still have the opening dialogue to the Warden battle stuck in my head. So. Much. Death.) He has been playing Fallout 4 since January. He is really into the custom crafting, he was all excited to show me the robot he just crafted. It was adorable. He absolutely loved Dragons Age: Inquisition. I was hoping to get suggestions on other games similar to Fallout 4 and Dragons Age- I'm looking for something with a lot of content to keep him occupied for 4 weeks, excellent graphics, a compelling story line and challenging fights to keep him engaged.   In addition if anyone has any suggestions for a good horror game I'd love to hear those as well!  Thanks! 
[shadow of the colossus]	Well, I discovered the souls series a few months ago and I fell in love with it, mainly because of the amazing boss fights. Having played more than 500 hours in the past 7 months, I'm kind of burnt out of the games of the franchise.  Having said that, I'm looking for games that has great boss fights that could scratch the itch for my souls love. The only type I'm not interested are turn based RPGs like FF and such, since I always feel that in those games your skills doesn't matter that much and if you grind enough you can kill pretty much anything.  JRPGs with action oriented battles and or hack'n slash games are very welcome.  Thanks in advance!
[neverwinter nights 2]	Hi! For this month, I have a terrible amount of free time and I can not really be productive about it. I need games to play for the month. Last game I played was Dragon Age: Origins and I put 50+ hours into it. I have a non-gaming laptop with intel HD 5500, an i3 and 4 gigs of Ram. I usually play rpg, fps, and sometimes racing.  I sadly can not play skyrim because of my system and played the --- out of oblivion.  I did play many of the old popular games like fallout and bioshock etc.  I just need nice games to pass time, thank you in advance.  EDIT: I am sorry about the title.
[life is strange]	I'm generally looking for a game that would be available on the PS4, or has low performance requirements (think pre-2010 games) and can run on PC.  Below is a non-comprehensive list of games (or sometimes game categories) that I very much enjoyed:  **Roleplaying Games**   * Souls` games (all of them)  * Dragon's Dogma  * Classic CRPGs (Planescape Torment, Baldur's Gate, Fallout and so on)  * "Obsidian/Bioware-style" CRPGs (KotoR I/II, Mass Effect, Fallout: NV)  * Witcher 1-3  * Morrowind/Skyrim   * Nier and its sisters  **Indie Games**  * Undertale  * Classic RPGMaker games with a compelling story (The Way, et cetera)  * Basically anything of any genre with a compelling narrative, story or art style. I've played a bunch of indies.  **Strategy/misc Games**  * I like building sims in the style of Majesty I/II.  * Hearthstone  * XCOM  **Action Games**  * Bioshock  * I've not played too many but am open to trying some with original settings.  **"Story" games**  * Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons  * Heavy Rain  * Gone Home
[dark souls]	The best way to express this is through examples:  *Games that I like:  Skyrim  Borderlands  WoW/GW2  Runescape  Maplestory  Final Fantasy 7/10  Minecraft/Terraria  GTA  *Games that I played before that are ok but fit the requirements:  Diablo 3/Path of Exile/Torchlight  *Games that don't fit:  Witcher 3  Dragon Age  Dark Souls  Mass Effect/Dead Space  Deus Ex  Basically, I like the open world. I like leveling. I like spells and skill trees. I like to start from nothing but build to something awesome.  EDIT: People have recommended me in the past Witcher and Dark Souls. I don't know if it's just me, but those types of action RPGs are just really boring to me. Not much in the sense of progression in character, it feels like there is an "end", and a whole lot of dialogue. Something like Skyrim on the other hand, you have an open world with a bounty of side quests, you can level your skills, and I can play it for literally countless hours and still have things do it.
[burnout paradise]	PC/Win 7. What I'm looking for:  - Street racing because it's simply less bland - Car isn't wrecked if I ever so lightly touch a wall - Open world if I feel like just cruisin through the city  Maybe  - Police chases - Being able to drive through backyards and other odd places as shortcuts or w/e a la Most Wanted 05 and Carbon - NPC cars so I don't feel like the last survivor of a zombie apocalypse  Bonus points  - Offroad - Nissan Skyline GT-R R34  - Online/Offline modes - Neat graphics, though I do not mind older games at all if they're still fun - Dynamic weather  I have played Need For Speed Carbon, Most Wanted ('05), and I remember a demo of Split/Second being really fun.
[suikoden v, suikoden v, suikoden v, this game, this game]	Probably the best example of what I mean by "fiddly" is Final Fantasy 7's materia system. Finding different link combos, leveling them up, moving them around to manipulate stats, balancing number of slots vs number of links or other abilities - all things I enjoyed about the system. 6 also had a little of this in terms of some of the accessory pairings, and 8's junction system also provided some interesting combos and stat manipulation.  Another example: Dark Cloud 1 and 2 are some of my favorite PS2 games. But even though 2 is better in pretty much every way, I generally have a little more fun with 1 because of attaching gems and synth spheres to weapons.  I'll gladly take suggestions for any console/generation, but currently have access to PS4, WiiU, 3DS, and PC.
[the witcher, my friends]	I'm a huge fan of RPGs and have been my entire life, but lately I feel like I've run out of RPGs that I've heard good things about and I'd love to find some more.   This is by no means an extensive list, but here's some of the RPGs I've played, just to give you an idea of my tastes  **Mass Effect 1 - 3** - I liked most of it, the first game combat was a bit of a slog and I agree with popular consensus on how good the ending was, but besides those issues I'm a big fan.  **Knights of the Old Republic 1 and 2** - KoTOR 1 is pretty much my favorite RPG of all time, I've played it from start to finish around 10 times. I enjoy the fixed version of KoTOR 2 but I don't like it quite as much as the first.  **Fallout 3 &amp; 4, Morrowind, Oblivion, Skyrim** - All games I would never come back to. They have their moments of charm and definitely drew me in at some points but I had some real trouble staying invested. Constant problems really. I don't know why Bethesda games do this to me. I also don't know why I keep buying Bethesda games when they do this to me, lol ..  **Jade Empire** - Loved it when I played it, now I can't even remember the ending (to be fair I last played it like 8 years ago ..)  **Dragon Age 1, 2, and Inquisition** - Loved 1, disliked 2, liked Inquisition (but the PC controls were garbage ugh)  **Undertale** - 10/10 I bought into the hype train and did not regret it. Seriously though, I love this game a lot.   **Witcher 1** - Man I really tried to get into this series but after 4 hours of Witcher 1 I seriously felt miserable. It's just the combat, that's literally my only issue but I had to fight so much I just ended up quitting. I've heard so much about The Witcher 3 but I'm not sure what to do if honestly cannot stand playing Witcher 1. Suggestions for this issue? Skip game, what? Story is pretty important for most RPGs so I've been hesitant.   **Paper Mario** - Really the only Mario game I've ever played and really enjoyed (grew up as a sega kid hah). Great game. Sticker Star was awful though.  **Persona 1, 3, and 4** - Liked 1, Liked 3, Liked 4 a lot. I actually enjoy the dungeons and (for 3 and 4) the card conversations are a lot of fun  **Fable 1 - 3** - I liked 1 the most but I remember enjoying 2 and 3 enough. I always go back to 1 though if I feel like replaying a Fable game.  Anyway I could go on but this quite long enough, I've listed most of the RPGS that immediately popped into my mind. I'm primarily a PC gamer but I have access to pretty much any console no matter how old/uncommon (exceptions - PS3, PS4, Wii U) because I'm a huge console hoarder. So, that shouldn't be a concern. Thank you so much to anyone who responds to me in advance. :)
[bounty train]	I'm looking for a game that lets you drive a train. Not a train transport simulator but something that actually has a story on the rails. My brother (and myself) both think it would be a neat idea for a game.   Here's what I've found so far.  [The final station] (http://  - Fantastic pixel art  - amazing mood  - Game isn't out yet - doesn't actually seem to involve driving the train, the rails seem more like a level loading screen   ***  [Tumbleweed express](http://  - a full 3d shooter on rails   -Doesn't involve driving the train, it's more or less a rail shooter with some wild wild west vibes.  ***  Any train simulator game  -pick one and pick a year for your coat of paint   ***  [Locoland](http://  A neat little surreal game but clearly not what I'm looking for.  ***  [Transartica](https://  -An interesting story -Actually involves driving the train/building tracks  -Large and interesting map to explore  -Virtually unplayable on current systems   
[neverwinter nights, grand theft auto v, two worlds ii, path of exile, torchlight 2, saints row 3, left 4 dead, dark souls, minecraft, fallout 3, grim dawn, diablo]	I'm looking for a game with a really good coop campaign, with a good story but with a open world freedom and richness. Something like a cross between The Witcher 3/"new" Fallouts and old RPG classics like Baldur's Gate. Not turn-based. More like Skyrim/Fallout 3 with coop campaign. Is there anything like that?  We played Dying Light and hated. Some of us played Borderlands, but it was kinda ok. So what we're looking for is not quite like these games. We're not looking for MMOs, we want a "private" experience.  Thanks!  Edit: More clear about what we want
[stardew valley]	Hello all, I'm here looking for some suggestions. I'm tired of constantly being angry when I play games. Games were designed to be fun at one point. Now they are rage inducing, competitive, soul crushing sessions. I have to step back. I'm looking for fun casual games that won't get boring after a couple hours. My two current most played games are CSGO (2k+ hrs) and World of Tanks (at least 1k +/-  counter) . Both are 100% competitive pvp. I'm just getting older (looking for any excuse...) and worse at both of these hence the stress, frustration, anger, etc. Perhaps I'm just not a good competitive gamer in general, I'd like to be but obviously I'm not. I remember playing games like Tony Hawk Pro Skater (the blue cartridge N64 game) for months and loving every second of it back in the day. I've played games like minecraft, which can be fun if I'm focused on building something in particular but I don't have enough imagination for it in the long term. I've got GTA 5, perhaps I need to play that for awhile. I'm not really sure what I'm looking for to be honest. I just want some games that are actually fun. I've tried guild wars 2 but wasn't able to get into it I think due to it being literally open world, overwhelming without a clear objective. I dunno, I'm rambling at this point. What are some of your go-to fun games that are actually relaxing and enjoyable? I'm open to all genres and my PC should be able to handle most anything spec-wise. Thanks in advance if you've made it this far.  
[rocket league, diablo 3]	Hi there!  I'm part of a group of friends who love playing games together. We are about 8-9 people in total, but the thing is not everyone is always on. Usually we have about 3-4 people, and on weekends we can get 6 or 7. The same people aren't on every day, which makes looking for a good multiplayer game hard. We have been playing league of legends and HOTS, but the thing with these games is that it is really frustrating sometimes. Losing feels worthless and winning isn't always that great. It sucks spending 30+ minutes in a game only to lose and get nothing for it.  That's why I want to see if there is a PvE style of game that is hop-in-hop-out, as well as not having too strong of a linear progression so people who don't play every day get don't get left behind (which is a reason mobas are good). FPS games aren't necessarily bad, just as long as they are PvE, as they gents have already said they are not willing to play a PvP fps game.  Are there any preferably free games, although doesn't have to be, that fit the bill here?
[rocket league]	Hello everyone,   I'm a owner of PS4 and I've really few games, because almost all my time I play only Fifa and others free downloads. So, It's time to grow up the family and I'm looking for a game with good solo campaign and decent multiplayer. I'm not a really shoot player, I don't like COD saga, I got dizzy when I play that kind of games, but I really enjoyed CS. Also, I was kind a "proto-pro gamer" of Starcraft: Broodwar (hey, someone paid me to play and travel, almost pro or not? xd), but nothing it's like that game :p. I really chill with games like GTA V, Watch Dogs, Assassin Creeds (but the last games were so short and bad story), etc.   I'm doubting to buy Tom Clancy's The Division, it's different to other shooters and have a free world, right? Also, I can do solo campaign. For me, that's great.   Otherwise, The Witcher 3 and Metal Gear Solid V look so great and also have a free world. But my principal doubt about this games it's the following: It's very stressful to follow the whole story? I love the Metal Gear Solid Saga, but the 3 was so demanding for me. I finished because I've to, but I didn't enjoyed at the end. About Witcher 3, I don't know nothing about the saga. It's looks awesome and have really good reviews.   So, those are the title I'm doubting to buy. Because they are kinda cheap right now, haha. For future, I would like to buy Star Wars: Battlefront (no solo campaign and cost like $40), UFC 2, Mafia 3 and The Last Guardian (Ico player here :p).  Thank you for reading! Any suggest it's welcome.
[shadows of mordor, tales of zestiria]	Hi there. Boyfriend's gone for the weekend, today was payday, and there was a sale on. I bought Watch_Dogs, Shadow of Mordor, Tales of Zestiria, and Battlefront. I do like JRPGS - I've played the hell out of all of the Final Fantasy games except XIII, which I beat most of but lost interest in because the exploration/sidequest-y bit was a letdown for me. I also like open world anything - GTA, Farcry, Elder Scrolls games, etc. I'm not big on multiplayer shooters in an online context and Battlefront wasn't primarily purchased for me, so unless I'm advised it's something special I probably won't be too interested.  So, what what I've said, if I want to invest the weekend in a one-game binge, what would you guys recommend? Thanks!
[gamecube]	**What are some decent or better LotR games or mods for other games? Here are the ones I already know.**  *Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor - Have played this a ton  *The Last Days of the Third Age mod for Warband - Played this a lot, is quite fun.  *Third Age: Total War and other LotR mods for Total War games - I am not a big fan of the TW series so these aren't a good fit for me.  *War in the North - don't know if this is good or not  *LotR Minecraft - My Minecraft account got stolen so can't play that mod, anyways don't like Minecraft.  *MUME  - Used to like MUDs, don't like em as much anymore.  *Lord of the Rings Online - Am currently trying this one out, have heard good things.  **As you can see I'm kinda picky, but if there are any I'm not aware of I'd appreciate it if you could tell me 'bout 'em. Or if you want to just comment on the ones I've listed, that'd be cool as well.** 
[blood money]	I'm thinking of getting a hitman game in the upcomming summer sale, as I like social stealth, having options and choices, and doing sometimes a bit of sneaky stabbing (I like games like SC, Dishonored, a bit of AC and such). I don't really have the time to play all of them, so which one of the series would you suggest?   Main points:  -good responsive controls, if possible with a controller.  -replayability, but not with too many repetition. I like to 100% my games in achievements, and having to play multiple times through a game with little variation is a downside  -Story or graphics don't matter that much, gameplay is the most important. A decent AI would be nice as well   Don't wanna get the latest one, as it won't go in sale, don't like the episodic approach, and by watching let's play's I find there is too much handholding, the woman litterally says something every two seconds....
[overwatch]	Hey!  I'm looking for a game around 40$ that's pretty new and can be recommended. Like,  Stellaris or Overwatch. I don't have either even though I'm interested. I'm not sure about OW though since it is so hyped; And I'm not sure about Stellaris since it seems pretty basic. I'm playing literally everything so if you have some game that's just a "MUST-PLAY" for 40$, suggest it please! :) (Getting some funds for birthday that I can waste on some fun. Screw Adult life)  Secondly, I'm searching for Games with Story-changing choices. I like Telltale, but I love things like Skyrim where you can decide to help that one faction, or Wasteland 2 where one location gets destroyed based on where you go, or Spec:Op the line where you just have to choose. I played the Fallout series too, but except Bioware titles, Elder Scrolls &amp; fallout I wouldn't know of any other open-world games; So if you got anything, out with it! (Doesn't have to be open world)   Thanksies!
[mirror's edge, dying light]	With the lukewarm response to Mirror's Edge: Catalyst, Yooka Laylee's recent delay, and the long wait for A Hat in Time, the market is still left with a lack of good 3D platformers. As a longtime fan of the genre, I've been getting increasingly frustrated, and it feels I've played most of the good ones that are available for PC.  Played and enjoyed:  * Cloudbuilt * Hover: Revolt of Gamers * Mirror's Edge * Psychonauts * Sonic Adventure DX * Sonic Adventure 2: Battle * Sonic Generations * Sonic Lost World  Played but did not enjoy:  * FreezeME * Grow Home * Poi * Sonic 3D Blast  Not quite 3D platformers, but close enough and enjoyed anyway:  * FEZ * Portal * Portal 2  I've heard mostly good things about Alice: Madness returns, should I pick that up? And is there anything else I should play that isn't on this list?
[pick up]	Hiya, first time poster. I am getting a bit of an rpg craving lately. More about my tastes. Did not realize it was such a wall of text while typing, sorry.   I like the idea of an rpg like morrowind, but the npc's are copy pasta for the most part (a problem in the other tes games too) and the stats in morrowind do not have enough depth to justify the combat being wholly stat based and immersion breaking. Love the world, leveled design, no hand holding, quests etc. and will keep trying it when I can bear it.  I had some trouble getting into gothic, because I feel like you are pigeonholed into melee and don't have as much customization options. I like the combat generally, even though the world and quests don't really interest me as much. I like the combat of skyrim, in a very shallow flashy kind of way, but have played it enough to where it's flaws on the actual rpg side have gone from ignoring to breaking my experience. oblivion is no. forever.  I also don't see all the fuss with Witcher 3. Ok, I understand it, but don't feel it. I don't care about Geralt, the npc's are not that great so far (I have not played much so far), graphics are great and the writing is good compared to skyrim but nothing I am pausing to think about. And due to the nature of a character driven game like this, you don't get to really customize all that much, or actually roleplay. The scenarios are cool, but who you are playing those scenarios with and how you are playing them always bored me.  I enjoy different aspects of every fallout, and feel fallout new vegas stands head and shoulders over all of them overall, but have not played much of fallout 1 or 2 without getting worn on them. I don't really feel like I am exploring in that game - the writing is good, but it just kind of feels like a bunch of disconnected hubs with some random encounters and not like a world, and I don't really care about anything going on in the story.   I also played to death and enjoyed both STALKER games (not quite an rpg, but has lot of design elements from them still and is very punishing). I want a game where I have a lot of control over my character, that has a tough world and challenging quests that is well  preferably not party based. I mean, I am not totally against party's, they are fun in games and college, but I kind of just want to make my own way in a harsh world but also have fun doing it with a decent combat system.  Feel free to call me out if I sound ridiculous, I won't blame you. Figure it's worth a shot to post here, like what I have seen in other threads.
[path of exile, diablo 3, zenonia]	Looking for a new Hack and Slash game with lots of loot. for PC  **[Zenonia](https://** was a game that i used to play. it was perfect except for it being on a phone and the no multiplayer aspect.  I recently purchased **["The Binding of Isaac"](http://** and i thought it was amazing. Except for the arcade style slate wipe when you die.   I also purchased **["Enter the Gungeon"](http://** which was even closer to being what i wanted but again the Co-op was less than perfect and left a lot to be desired. And again. it was more like one of those "When you die you start over" kind of games.  Then I found **["Chronicon"](http://** which let me tell you was almost freaking perfect. It had almost everything i was looking for. But.. it suffered from poor character movement. The downfall was that you could NOT attack while moving.... -.- IKR! So you would have to stand there and get hit to do any damage as a melee class.   Basically if i could put it simply.. im looking for somewhat of a top down version of Diablo with crappy graphics. that pretty much sums it up.   Anyone know of anything like that 
[guild wars 2 ]	**I would strongly prefer a server on the game with an overwhelmingly English speaking community or a server that's overwhelmingly English speaking, regardless of country of origin (the whole idea is being able to chat with the other players!). I don't mind and even enjoy PVP, but I would strongly prefer for the game to not have PVP that's forced on you, especially if you lose items/xp on death to PVP. Lastly, please, nothing that's terribly pay to win.**  Lately, I feel like a lot of games make it easy to find other people to play with - but you don't end up talking to them. You don't really get a chance to as you're plowing through everything silently. TI miss talking in various chats with players while we grouped or I farmed solo. When I do group content in MMORPGs now, it feels hollow looking at these player names but never getting to know any of them and never seeing them again. I see a different name every time I join a group. I miss joining a guild and having a big group of people to chat with while I beat up mobs and forming bonds with players I would run into now and again.   Games I've tried and approximate play time:  MMOs:  Asheron's Call (5,000 hours)  Ragnarok Online (3,000 hours)  World of Warcraft and all of it's released expansions except Cataclysm (3,000+ hours)  Skyforge (100 hours)  Planetside 2 (1,500 hours)  Final Fantasy XIV (50 hours)  Vindictus (300+ hours)  Tree of Savior (35 hours)  Multiplayer games:  Borderlands (100 hours)  Diablo 3 (100 hours)  Killing Floor (150 hours)  Left 4 Dead 1 &amp; 2 (750 hours total)  Battlefield Bad Company 2, Battlefield 3, Battlefield 2 (2000 hours)  Overwatch (60 hours already)  Counter-Strike: Source, Counter-Strike  (1000 hours)  DayZ mod (200+ hours)  7 days to die (500 hours, but I mostly played this single player as the multiplayer has significant issues)  Dirty Bomb (100 hours)  Rainbow Six : Siege (150 hours)  Misc:  Minecraft (2,000+ hours)  Strategy:  Age of Empires 1 &amp; 2 (1000+ hours)  I've been playing MMORPGs for ages. My first one was Asheron's Call, and I really loved the large, friendly community that I was a part of on there. I was on Leafcull, in the Allegiance Thase Skotoso, if anyone remembers this. :)  I'm feeling quite a bit of FPS fatigue right now.. I've been playing a ton of FPS games for the last few years. I want to battle things with a sword and armor. I'd love something with action-oriented combat like Vindictus.
[garry's mod, hl2]	I grew up as a gamer during the Quake 1 3dFx era, where mods were released on a daily basis and everything seemed crazy. Bring in Unreal and Half-Life (my favourite game of all time) and I fell even more in love with the madness associated with modding.  There were serious ones like Counter Strike, but also silly ones like Snow Wars, Pirates, Vikings and Knights and many others - but all had a charm in them. I don't know if I'm viewing all of this with nostalgia goggles, but some of modding's magic has been lost in the latest years.  Yeah, now it doesn't make sense having Total Conversions for games, because you could just learn a free engine (like Unity or the Unreal Engine, to name a couple) and build from scratch a new game.  But something I really miss is playing a game and seeing it with a totally new facelift. You know, the craziness I was talking about before.  Are there any new games that are open to modding just like the old Half-Life?
[siralim 2]	I love a lot of monster collection games. I was hoping you guys had some suggestions for good ones. I like the pokemon series but they're far from my favorites. I'm mostly looking for new games but some older staples would be great to hear too. If you were going to focus on a system I'd say I'm mostly looking for PC, ps4, or 3ds games but anything that you think I'd like I'd love to hear about. I basically have everything except the microsoft family and ps vita.   Some of my favorite games that are in the genre are probably the dragon warrior monster series for the gameboy, jade cocoon 1&amp;2, persona 3 &amp; 4 (I haven't played the other shin megami games yet), plus there was a couple of old digimon games I liked. I don't remember the name of one but it was ps1 and a dungeon crawler.   I like a lot of things about pokemon as well but not being able to catch everything alone and a pretty weak breeding system where you just get copies is boring to me. I love the games with good fusion and breeding mechanics and I feel like the monster trainer games are really lacking since pokemon kinda controls the genre.
[factorio]	So far I've gotten addicted to (and grown tired of):    World of Warcraft  Banished  Mount &amp; Blade Warband  Sims 3  Game Dev Tycoon  Zoo tycoon  Mass Effect  Portal  Alice: Madness Returns  Hay Day (don't fucking judge me bro)     I'm looking for something in the same area I suppose. I'm not really a fan of FPS or action-based games. I definitely don't like horror games (I just make my boyfriend play them so I can watch safely from the side.) My favourite genre is probably strategy or stimulation, especially if there's money involved to wake my inner jew. Other than that, I also enjoy adventure games with a good story to follow.   All suggestions are appreciated, thank you in advance!  Edit: Forgot to mention, this is for a PC. A pretty shitty old one.
[assassin's creed chronicles: china]	So I've gotten a bit bored with Volgarr the Viking and I'm looking for a new cool 2D action game. And I just watched Mulan so it'd be really cool to see something with that kind of traditional Chinese asthetic (something like what Apotheon does for ancient Greek mythology).   The controls should be easy, responsive and fluid and the combat should be entertaining and challenging. I'd like something with a bit more "duel" to it like the tougher skeletons in Volgarr or the shield guys in Zelda 2 so it feels like you're actually fighting and not just mowing through the enemies. So a bit more back and forth and strategizing.   It can have platforming but I'd like it to not be the focus. A bit more advanced "architecture" and stuff like multiple floors would be cool.  Got anything you think I'd like?
[legend of heroes]	Plain and simple, I want something akin to a Final Fantasy experience that's been itching me for some time now. I *could* replay any of the Final Fantasy games since I don't have any of them for PC, but I'd rather get a new experience. I'd like something where it's turn based combat with somewhat deep mechanics, but also has a deep story to go along with it. Something where I can spend a few hours playing it on the couch with a controller instead of sitting at a desk without having to worry about accurate mouse/cursor movements.
[stardew valley]	Looking for titles to expand my Steam Library. I'm on a laptop, so nothing resource-heavy please.  Here are the games I have played _and_ honestly liked in the past ~6-8 months, just to give you some insight to my preferences (obviously I played some of these on PC, not laptop):  - Binding of Isaac - Enter The Gungeon - BioShock series - Fallout series - System Shock 2 * Clicker Heroes * Borderlands series * Hotline Miami * Faster Than Light * Life Is Strange * Papers, Please * Terraria * Trine series * Limbo * Antenna * LYNE  So as you can see, I'm generally into anything. Roguelikes, pixel graphics, logic-heavy, oldskool games, clickers, innovative, whatever.  Thanks in advance, guys!
[guilty gear, skullgirls, brawlhalla, ive]	I've never been huge into fighting games (aside from Smash Bros, though it's far from a traditional fighter).  Mortal Kombat X was the closest I've come to actually really being into a fighting game... and then WB completely dropped the ball with the PC port. It was fun, it was easy to get into, I could see what I needed to do/how I needed to play in order to improve, and I was starting to get better at it. But then they came out and announced that the online play is not going to be fixed on the PC version and I just gave up on it.  Priority #1 is good online play (both in terms of quality netcode and an active community), priority #2 is not being overly difficult to get into as someone who doesn't typically play traditional fighting games. Also, I'll be playing with an Xbox 360/One controller, if that makes any difference (I'm actually going to be getting a new one soon because my current 360 pad is old and the shoulder buttons are dying).  I've heard good things about Guilty Gear and BlazBlue, but there are so many different versions of them that I have no idea where to start.  Being on Steam isn't a requirement, but it'd be really nice since the summer sale is going on.
[chrono trigger]	I am trying to come up with a good RPG to have my wife play.  She loves anime, and watched me finish Final Fantasy Tactics (not a true RPG, I know) the other day, and seemed really interested in the style of storytelling.  I thought it would be a good idea to see if anyone has any recommendations for me.    Preferences:   - Very few action elements.  She tends to get frustrated when the guy doesn't do what she wants him to do.  Overly punishing action elements usually turn her off.  - Preferably on one of the following consoles:  PS4, PS3, Wii, WiiU, PC, iPad  - Anime style storytelling, but not over-the-top.  Dissidia would be a no go.    - Fullmetal Alchemist and Fruits Basket are her two favorite anime series.  What do you guys recommend?
[far cry 3, break out, we are]	Hi,  Recently bought a new computer, so I decided to try out the latest Tomb Raider, after ignoring the newest offerings of the gaming scene for quite some time. Actually, I'm not much of a gamer, period. I loved the crap out of it and was really sad when it was over.   I've since played Fallout 4 for about 10 hours, but I really can't get into it. The amount of inventory management that game requires makes me sick. Also tried The Long Dark, which is blergh, the first episode of Alan Wake, which didn't convince me to get the second one, and POLLEN, which I got bored with after 2 hours.   Looking for the same sense of wonderment I got from Tomb Raider, but I also don't want a punishing experience or a lot of spreadsheet inventories.   
[diablo]	Hello guys! I assume that my request is a bit... strange, but I have my own obsessions :) I'm looking for cRPG / dungeon crawler / hack and slash games which are supposed for playing forever. I know that Skyrim with  patch have uncapped character progression, Wizardry 7 also, but it isn't kind of game what I'm currently looking for. I'm thinking of something simpler in gameplay terms.    Examples?   **Diablo 1** is this kind of game, but with limitations. You can start new game with same character again and again, and there isn't pointless. Random dungeons, random loot / monster placement, etc. But game isn't very *scalable* and there is level cap.    **Torchlight 2** After finishing game it is possible to buy maps of dungeons which were randomly generated (or built from prepared elements), game could scale to player (just newer areas had higher *danger level*), but there is hard cap on 105 character level IIRC.  **Demise: Rise of the Ku'tan** (and Mordor: Depths of Dejenol). This model of game would be best for me. Variation about classic dungeon crawlers is what I love. You can just go down, clear floor, go down, back to city, sell junk, identify magical items, back to dungeon, etc. But unfortunately, there is also character level cap, and game would scale for higher levels only one time (manual trigger in Demise utility tool).  **Roguelikes** in general. For example, Rogue with unlimited number of floors and more random / scaling enemies would be great. There are finished games which plays with similar ideas but, for example, Infinite Dungeon in ADOM is poor (because dev removed from this location most of existing in game features - there were good reasons for doing it, just ID isn't what I'm looking for), and Infinite Dungeon in TOME4 is just very unbalanced and unpolished.  Best game what I know fit to my requirments is **Siralim**, but this game have really poor random level generation algos.  I'm sorry for long post, and best regards, Ved  edit: PC only
[shadow of the colossus , dark souls]	Hey guys, I'm looking for an RPG like Gothic or Witcher    * It doesn't have to be new, mechanics aren't important * Fun story and rich lore if possible * Classic fantasy setting (dungeons and dragons, no anime hair, no enormous breasts or huge 2handers please)   I wanted to mention that I was super hyped for Dragon Age: Inquisition but the quests sucked hard, I hate mmo style generic 'radiant' quests. It'd be nice if the quests were fun, I don't mind slashing mindlessly but only if it leads to some cool story line or character development.   Are there any games like that worth playing? Also I'm open for games with isometric look like Baldurs Gate etc. I like anything with D&amp;D   thanks!   edit: oh sorry for the typo on the title
[keep talking and nobody explodes, mount your friends, civilization v, rocket league, roguelike, spelunky, nidhogg, magicka, trine 2]	She enjoyed watching me play Wolfenstein The New Order and The Old Blood, and is currently watching me play Riddick: Assault on Dark Athena, but we want to play together again.  We've played all 3 Borderlands games to death as well as Portal 2. We've also played all the Telltale games we want to, together (I man controller, she makes decisions)  She doesn't do zombies (so Dying Light is out) nor killing animals (Far Cry 2 was suggested to me but don't those games involve hunting animals?)  A good story and a FPS (with controller support) is preferred.  I was thinking Shadow Warrior 2 might be good, later in the year when released, but Steam sale is now.
[wolfenstein: the new order, deus ex: human revolution]	Hi to anyone that reads this. I'm looking for a game like Dishonored and/or Bioshock, specifically in these ways:  -A game for original Xbox, Xbox 360, or Xbox One -Great gameplay AND great story/characters -Immersive and unique environment that rewards exploration, but is also somewhat linear (I'm open to open-world games, but I'd prefer something somewhat linear) -Played from the first-person view, preferably a shooter (obviously) with multiple cool ways of killing enemies. Stealth and the option not to kill enemies at all is cool, but not necessary. -Just a game you generally feel like a badass while playing. I've gotten pickier about my games the older I've gotten and Dishonored/Bioshock Infinite are the two best games I've played in the last five years.  I know that's a lot of requirements and I don't expect every suggestion to meet them all, but can any Bioshock and Dishonored fans out there tell me some other great games that are somewhat similar? A great single player shooter that I can get invested in for a week or two? Thanks for your time.
[neo scavenger]	Hey guys, I was hoping that you could help me find more games that feature realistic health systems (with decent graphics).  Examples include:  1. The bruising system in Beat Down: Fists of Vengeance (PS2), Ashita no Joe (PS2) and Yakuza Black Panther 2. As you take more damage, bruises will start to appear on the character's face and body.  2. Body part damage system: Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth, Hybrid Heaven, Fallout series (Stimpak), and Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. Broken bones, broken limbs, inability to use limbs, etc.  3. Injuries, illnesses, and mental health: This War of Mine, Robinson's Requiem, Deus, Darkest Dungeon etc.  Thanks in advance!
[human resource machine, infinifactory, mini metro, spacechem, sokobond, tis-100, cubot, lyne]	The Witness is my #1 favorite game. It blew me away from the second I picked it up to the second I put it down. Johnathon Blow's development style is right down my alley. I loved Braid as well.   My top puzzle games besides The Witness are probably  - Antichamber - The Talos Principle - Ibb &amp; Obb  Some other puzzle games I've really enjoyed are, in no particular   - Please, Don't Touch Anything - Stephen's Sausage Roll - Snakebird - Portal series - Toki Tori - Out There Somewhere - Fez  If anyone has any recommendations for puzzle games, I'd love to hear them! I'd also be interested in a game that is not a puzzle game by genre, but in general I like low key or relaxing games and tend not to like games with high APM or reaction requirements.
[pillars of eternity, tales of zestiria, final fantasy, fantasy games, psychonauts, persona 3 , kotor, kotor]	Hey all, I'm looking for games that are really story heavy in general, or just the types of games that have their own unique concept/idea behind them that is really well thought out. My favorite game is Portal 2 (great writing and unique concept) and I really liked Until Dawn for some of the same reasons. I also loved Valiant Hearts: the Great War because of the story/historical stuff. I do really like bioshock (I've gotten through the first two hours of game play and watched a friend play the rest) and I've always wanted to play through Mass Effect, but I'm just not very good at FPS. I would love to be, but I usually end up getting frustrated due dying a lot when I feel like I shouldn't be, and I enjoy the game less. I also love The Witcher 3 and I have no issues with third person games where you use a sword and stuff. I am just not good at aiming fast enough. If anyone has any suggestions, I have an Xbox one, a 360, and a PC. I also have access to a PS4 so if there's something that is amazing I'll play it there if I have to. Thanks!
[shadow of mordor]	To give of a hint of what I'm saying, I'm talking about games such as Mass Effect Series, the Dragon Age Series, the Witcher Series, the Fallout Series, Pillars of Eternity, Divinity Original Sin, Kotor 1 and 2, Kingdoms of Amalur, etc. The games where after a certain amount of time, you will absolutely wreck the ever living shit out of all that dare stand in your way. *Prerequisites: Tolerable UI, little bugs/has mods that fix said bugs, Good Progression, Good Story, and Good, or at least enjoyable combat.*
[the witcher]	Hello there!  So steam summer sale is up andi'm looking to get some nice singleplayer games with great stories.  One things i can't handle when it comes to games is when it is to scary. I'm talking amnesia, five nights at freddy's etc (haven't really tried more scary games). The reason is that i can't enjoy the game, i just paus everytime it gets scary and it really ruins the feeling.  Some games with stories i have enjoyed playing:  * Assassins Creed (no not the shitty ones, the desmond ones) * Tomb Raider * Hitman * Walking dead * The last of us (wasn't to scary haha)  - Thanks in advance :D
[crypt of the necrodancer]	Hi, I'm looking for a game that does a great job at matching its gameplay -- jumps, movement, so on -- to the musical notes of whatever song is playing.   I tried Audiosurf, but, the gameplay wasn't in sync with the music playing. I think this game is more for people who just want a level to play on while listening to their music, and not 1:1 synchronization between the gameplay and the music. That's cool, but I'm looking for gameplay that mirrors the music.  I don't need 1:1... just something that does this kind of thing well. I would also prefer a game that lets you use your own MP3s, but ingame music is fine too, especially if its original soundtrack is good. Thanks!
[fallout: new vegas]	I loved the world from "the Witcher" where you are not really good or evil but you are just doing your job. In Dragon Age origins I liked the freedom I had as player in my choices even though the big story plot was good/evil. I am a big fan of the A song of Ice and fire book series since every character is flawed.   All in all I prefer having the choice, being in control of my own "fate" and having a great story/an amazing world is pretty important.   Games that I also played: complete mass effect, undertale, all Witcher games, Complete Dragon age, Divinity 2, Gothic, risen, batman games. 
[the witcher, the witcher]	I'm looking to get into a game for the summer and I've had these two on my list for a while. The Witcher looks cool, kind of looks like a Fable meets Skyrim thing. Is it anything like Skyrim? I love that game.  Metal Gear has always been one of my favorite series, but I got a little turned off hearing that the story sucks supposedly. Also heard the whole army building thing turned into a facebook-esque clicking and waiting game. Can anyone tell me if you can actually have your troops accompany you on missions or at least see them out in the world doing their missions? How is the multiplayer now since its been out a while?  Thanks.   EDIT: just wanted to give an update on this important matter. I ended up giving in to peer pressure and got the Witcher 3. I played past the tutorial and first few missions and decided the game wasnt for me. I know it gets so much praise, but the way Geralt moves was weird, and the i guess the hype of the game itself was the downfall of it for me. It just didnt feel like a polished game of the decade. It felt a lot like skyrim, except without all the wonder of skyrim. That and the fact that I hit the map barrier about an hour into the game. I returned it to steam and got MGSV, and honestly dont regret a thing. From the beginning metal gear sucked me in, in all its melodramatic and sometimes absurd drama. The game really feels like Im a commando in the desert. Thats my 2 cents.
[crusader kings 2]	So I'm looking for something like civ, I guess (or mount and blade but I'm not a big fan of that game) but instead of being one leader you have like a family and when the leader dies his heir is the new leader, I guess it should have sort of a politics system, pretty much a game that let's you tell the story of your family. Also being customizable is a big plus. So is there something similar to that? And if there isn't why noone has atleast given it a shot, GoT has been big for years now. Come on game devs!!!
[steamworld heist, vs.]	I was looking forward to playing Darkest Dungeon for quite a while. I was waiting for it to come out of Early Access, so I could experience all of its content. Now that it actually has, I was planning on getting it on the Steam sale.   To my surprise, however, basically every review is negative, with people saying the game is too difficult, poorly balanced, too dependent on luck instead of strategy, and way too eager to kill off your characters. Is it true? Cause while the premise seems awesome, I want a semi-relaxing experience, not an overly frustrating one.  If it is true, what's the next closest thing to Darkest Dungeon you can recommend that has better balance and can provide a fun, satisfying experience? Preferably something similar both gameplay and artstyle-wise, but gameplay is the determining factor here, so you can recommend something that looks different as long as mechanics are similar enough.  Thanks in advance for advice and potential recommendations.  PS. No Early Access games.
[total war]	So after watching the last few eps of Game of Thrones I really want to play a medieval strategy game where you can actually form up shield walls and send troops around in pincer movements.  I've played some Mount and Blade vanilla version, as well as Fire and Sword, and it has almost what I'm looking for. However at the beginning of each battle it's like a minute of button smashing trying to get my forces to line up. There is a learning curve to dealing with the weapons, and the forces do so much less damage than my npc. Also the weakness of if my npc dies then I lose the battle.  What are some game recommendations?
[va-11 hall-a]	**Edit:** Well I found a brewery simulation game that might be fun. Sadly, it's only available on smartphone devices. It's called [Fiz - The Brewery Management Game](http://  I'll keep adding games that either meet the criteria or come close. I will categorize a list of all the games posted here, later this evening. As to make it more easy for future searchers.  ___ **Edit 2:**  -*Brewer games*- - [Fiz - The Brewery Management Game](http://  *Simulation / Management game*  **Platforms -** [Android](https://, [iOS](https://, [Windows Phone](https://  *  No waiting or in-app purchases. Play for minutes or hours at a time.  * 20+ Hours of gameplay in a single playthrough.  * 60+ Recipes to discover.  * 20+ Employees to hire.   **And more.**   -Bartending games- -  [VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action](http://  *Visual Novel, Adventure, Simulation, Story Rich*  **Platforms -** [PC](http://, [Mac](http://, [SteamOS + Linux](http://,  PS Vita, iPad  * Branching storyline where your decisions do not depend on traditional choices, but through the drinks you prepare.   * Learn about daily life in a cyberpunk dystopia.  * Visuals inspired by old Japanese adventure games for the PC-98, with a modern touch for an other-wordly experience.     
[saints row 4]	Like the title says.  I was a fan of the Just Cause series and GTA V after I installed a trainer mod.  I also enjoy playing Enemy Unknown and XCOM 2 when my characters attain higher levels.  I've modified Sins of a Solar Empire and Supreme Commander so I start with nearly infinite resources and can build whatever I want, which is fun for me.  Shooters, strategy, whatever (strategy is my favorite, though), I just want to rain down hell on enemies that don't offer much resistance sometimes.  It's rather cathartic.  PC, please (but I also have a 360).
[fallout new vegas, the wolf among us, dragon's dogma, hotline miami, rocket league, walking dead, dark souls 3, starcraft, max payne, fallout 4, diablo 2, diablo 3, fifa 15, hitman]	So basically after more than 8-10 years I've gotten back into the gaming world a couple months ago. Now i'm in the mood for buying the games for this year. I have limited time to play them, 1-2 hours on working days and a total of 5-6 hours on weekends so in total around 12 hours per week due to work/fiancee. This number will increase from September to around 20 hours per week when I will have more free time due to some work freeing up. This week i'm already buying GTA V from steam sale, CSGO because I still play  and love it, and now I need more suggestions. I would like your opinion on which games are suitable for me and I would definitely enjoy based on my hate/okay/love list! I appreciate every suggestion.  **Hate list:**   * Fallout 4 - Concept is good, execution was not good for me. Deleted after bringin all those people back to my town. Is fallout 3 better?   * Gta IV - l loved San Andreas, but the 4th I deleted after unlocking the second city, it is basically the same shit over and over.   * Fifa 16 - Messed up physics, played only on LAN though, are other modes fine?   * Black Ops 1 - Just didn't like the campaign. Didn't try online.    * Max Payne   * Team Fortress 2   * Left 4 dead 1,2   **Okay list:**   * Skyrim - I like it, but it is boring, takes too long to do everything. Story is fine.   * Fifa 15 - more of an arcade game, but it is fine. Career mode was disgusting.    **Love list:**   * Borderlands 2 - My top 5 all time, without a doubt. Amazing story, nice side-quests, good variety of maps/guns/enemies.   * Battlefield 2 - Oh man, so many hours spent on it. Perfect shooter.   * Battlefied 1940's series   * Halo 1 - Amazing story. Sadly other parts are Xbox Exclusive IIRC.   * San Andreas - My top 5.    * Half Life 1,2 - HL 1 is still my number 1 of all time.   * Portal 1,2   * Runescape - I usually don't like MMORPG, but on RS i've spent many hours growing up.   * Diablo 2 - D3 any good?   * Hitman - the first parts, I did not try the new games. Should I?   * Warcraft 3   * Age of empires (except mythology)   * Counter Strike    * NBA 2K games   * Walking dead (telltale)   
[final fantasy tactics, bravely default, bravely second, tactics ogre, suikoden]	I'm talking about games like Final Fantasy 1, where you can choose who to take with you during the adventure. If I want a party of 4 warriors and no healers, so be it! Pokemon is another good example since I could have a party of 6 Pidgeys if I really wanted, though I'd prefer a game where more than just one of the party members are in combat simultaneously.  I've been playing Final Fantasy 9 lately and I love that game but I got a craving to play something with more party customization like FF1 had. I'm not too familiar with all the Final Fantasy games so if there are others like the first please let me know.  I'm also open to tactical RPGs like Final Fantasy Tactics, but I've never played that game, and I'm not sure if you can customize your party in that game.  If I can't create/change the class of a party member but there are enough party members to be able to fully customize the party as a whole, that's ok too.  The key here is party customization.  I can think of dozens of PC games that do this, but I'm looking specifically for console or portable games, any system, any era. Thanks!
[shadow of mordor]	I have a strong taste for games like FarCry, Fallout, Grand Theft Auto, The Last of Us, and Dishonored. Essentially, anything that has an interesting story AND gives me a feeling of freedom/choice and a diversity of action. I tend to avoid 'magic,' although I loved the Witcher. I also loved Firewatch in that it strayed from the typical shooter style. Loved the first few chapters of uncharted 4, but it felt like a bait and switch  few chapters were amazing and dynamic, rest of the game is just walking through ruins and fighting off waves of enemies.   I really can't get myself to wade through the bog of indie games on the PS store that I have no interest in playing. I like some indies ( Firewatch), but I didn't buy a PS4 to play sidescrollers or 2d platforms. The inability to filter them out makes it hard to find something unique.   I am looking forward to Watch Dogs 2, Dishonored 2, and Mafia 3, but it looks pretty barren until November.   Anyone have recommendations? It seems like I've played through all the best games. 
[dwarf fortress]	I really have to play something that is unique in its own category. Games I already played and loved from this category:  **Prison Architect** - The ability to watch how virtual prisoners use your constructions is just awesome. I love to let my imagination come up with reasons behind every prisoner's moves and see how efficiently my structure functions. Building prisons is pretty cool.  &amp;nbsp;  **Kerbal Space Program** - the ability to create almost anything out of pre-defined parts + space. I fucking love space but I hate almost every single one of available space games. This one is different, physics are realistic and there is nothing too supernatural about it. Mods take this game to another level, those are widely supported by the dev team too.  &amp;nbsp;  **Minecraft** - Redstone... just redstone. I love creating complicated mechanisms in Minecraft, building a pyramid with functional traps (like a collapsing room) or a working train, those are beautiful challenges. Add mods to the mix and I am in heaven, a coding mod that allows me to program small robots to dig for resources is one of those mods that I adored as hell. I could write different lines of code and make the game work as I command it to.  &amp;nbsp;  **Garry's Mod** - This game together with Wiremod is a brilliant sandbox. I can build working computers in it, create radars with lasers, gyroscopes and math gates. I can program a working system for a car. I could spend days in this game.  &amp;nbsp;  **The Sims** - There is something amazing in adding traits to AI and seeing how it interacts with the world. That's what I absolutely love about Sims. I can create a fictional family to see how the AI will handle different situations and I have goals to work towards to, like getting promoted.  &amp;nbsp;  **Hitman: Blood Money** - the ability to finish each mission in a different way is like eating a chocolate cake with no-one interrupting. I love being able to experiment, seeing how things turn out when I choose a different path.  &amp;nbsp;  **Powder Toy** - A small game but it kept my interest for hours. Experimenting is my thing, I love mixing stuff together and trying to find out unique combinations and get unexpected results.  &amp;nbsp;  **Cities in Motion** - Again, I can plan routes and watch how the AI works with what I give it.  &amp;nbsp;  EDITTED IN:  **Factorio** - Great game with tons of possibilities. A lot of experimenting.  &amp;nbsp;  **Rimworld** - A very interresting (kind of) survival game. Creating different mechanisms from multiple elements is my thing.  &amp;nbsp;  I also adore urban and crowded settings (cities, prisons, hospitals, offices) in games.  I **hate** linear storylines and I **love** experimenting. The more things I can do in a game the better it is for me. Could you recommend me a game that would fit my love for experimenting and management?
[cut the rope, cut the rope, jenga]	Peggle, Bejewelled, Plants versus Zombies, Triple Town, Dots, Two Dots, Threes, Drop 7, Candy Crush Saga, Rymdkapsel  My wife has played the games above exhaustively and I can earn brownie points by suggesting  a new game for her. Iphone preferably but she has PC and Kindle Fire as well.    Up front paid is preferable to micro transaction but she will often take a dogged pleasure in playing through a micro-transaction game (eg Candy Crush) without paying a cent.  Last time I asked Reddit I got Drop 7 from the suggestions and that was a big hit so more suggestions please.  
[devil may cry 3 special edition, tekken tag tournament, metal gear solid , soul calibur 2, gran turismo, playstation, tekken 3, mgs3]	So in about a month I'm going on a vacation, and generally my brother brings his old consoles and we play some games. Thing is, we've already played the mess out of all of them, and as fun as GTA: San Andreas is, me and him have played it so much that we're bored with it.  I'm looking to get my hands on some old games for the aforementioned consoles. Right now I've ordered Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, which is a game I could play pretty much until the end of time. We also have Ocarina of Time and Resident Evil 2, both of which are very fun. I'm also looking at Star Fox 64, which was a childhood favourite.  That said, a lot of these older games are pretty expensive on ebay, and if I'm buying games I really want to try and save money (think around $20). I was only able to get SOTN because it was the greatest hits edition and it was disc-only, which is a bit of a shame, but hey, the game's the most important part.  So, got any other recommendations for old, inexpensive, classic games? :)  Thanks in advance!  
[rogue legacy, risk of rain, roguelike, roguelike]	Hello /r/gamingsuggestions,   The past few weeks I binged on XCOM 2 and I loved it. Both the tactical aspect of the combat and the progression through research is amazing. Unfortunately I haven't been able to find a game similar to XCOM 2. Some of the other rogue-like games with an 'overworld' progression I played are:   - Binding of Isaac (Not really that much of an 'overworld' progression   - FTL (Same story as BoI)   - Darkest Dungeon (Didn't really like it. Its more of an RPG and not that tactical imo)   - Rogue Legacy   - Don't Starve   - Risk of Rain   - Divinity: Original Sin   Neither of those games have the same feeling of progression as XCOM though. I'd like to play a game where I feel that my characters are getting more powerful because of choices I make (not through leveling up, but because I choose certain researches). I'd love to hear your suggestions!
[dragon age origins, age of empires, counter strike, turn around, lineage 2, war games, starcraft, starcraft, total war]	No, I didn't suffered any class of disgrace. c:   Merely my cats and yorkshire recently got very prone to ask me to lay in my legs whenever I'm playing, using one of my arms as pillow. I can't resist the cuteness of the situation, but one ocuppied arm doesn't help for any game I'm in a playthrough right now. Less in other hobbies.  I welcome every class of game excluding card ones (I don't dislike them, merely I'm not in the mood for them right now) and whatever is called the Starcraft and/or Civilization genre/s (sorry, I know some will find this as a truely big sin of mine).   Thanks in advance! c:
[wolfenstein: the new order , hyper light drifter , league of legends , counter strike, counter strike, hotline miami, overwatch , undertale, starcraft, diablo 3, diablo 3, pick up, quake 3, dota 2]	So, I was around when Wolfenstein launched. Played Quake over modem. Diablo all the way. Counter Strike... a lot of Counter Strike.  Fast Forward to today. I'm two kids in, only playing Hearthstone because it can be done in 10 minutes.  Today I went over to a friend and sat down with their 9 year old on their Playstation. And boy did I miss the enthusiams of back in the day that I could see in his eyes.  So what I'm asking is basically... if someone like me, a previous hardcore gamer should finally start playing again, what game would you recommend.  I know it shouldn't be an FSP. Or RTS for that matter. I'm way too competitive to be able to enjoy that. What I'm looking for is perhaps a fantastic single player game, with a dazzle of puzzles, no stupid long monologues, nice graphics. It could be a 3. person game, platform, strategy.  Some of my best memories og single player games are from games such as Hitman, Braid, Diablo II, Total Annihilation.  I know I'm descibing it horribly... but do you guys have any suggestions?  Edit: So many fantastic replies. Thank you all a million. I am a bit overwhelmed as it seems there are so many great suggestions - will look into it and watch some trailers before taking the plunge.   Reddits small helpful communities keep surprising me, thanks again! 
[every extend extra, dustforce, know how]	I realized recently my most enjoyable experiences gaming have been beating incredibly difficulty challenges. The sort of stuff that makes winning impossible for the majority of people playing, and gets your heart rate pumping when you're nearing the end of the boss fight/challenge room/time trial.  With that said, most things like that end up being completely optional. Or in a Roguelike (Which I dislike when trying to get that same feeling due to the inherent randomness, the ones I like are usually beatable with the starting items/stats) So I was curious what games might be out there that are based around this sort of challenge. Preferably third person action. 2D or 3D.  For reference, and to help avoid recommendations I've already completed. Some of what I've already played and beaten: All Souls Games, Most of the Platinum games I care about, the Disgaea Prinny platformers, SS'd all the main levels of Dustforce (Nothing past Giga, I'd mostly had my fill of that game by then), A+'d all Meat Boy day levels, Everything in Necrodancer except Coda and All-Zones (Similar reasoning to Dustforce), 100% of Rogue Legacy, Shovel Knight, They Bleed Pixels, Volgarr the Viking, Serious Sam Series, Touhou, and Ys 1 &amp; 2 Chronicles and Origins. The last of which spawned this question.
[i'm sorry]	Like the title says I need to stay awake. It's only nine o clock here in the UK and I'm already starting to feel tired. I plan to go to bed at 8 in the evening so I need to keep myself occupied. Can anybody recommend a game that is so good that ill be so immersed I forget about my tiredness (wishful thinking but you know what I mean). The only other 3 games in my Steam library are Total War Medieval 2, DayZ and CSGO. Any suggestions are appreciated.   EDIT: As soon as I posted this I fell asleep, oops! Might have just made my sleeping pattern worse.
[strategy games, borderlands 2, borderlands 2, this game, this game, this game, minecraft, red alert, starcraft]	  Dad and I have been trying to looks for some games to play together. His reflexes are pretty poor so we can't do shooters. Our favourite common genre besides those are strategy games. We're pretty tight on money so I'd like games that are either free (I know unlikely) or within the 5-10 dollar range.  We've been pondering getting him civilization V. He already owns CKII but just had never played it.  PC or Ps4 work.  So yeah, suggestions please? :)   EDIT: Thanks to everyone that gave suggestions! I have a few ideas now that we'll be trying out. 
[lost odyssey]	Well, a JRPG with no cheesy dialog is basically impossible to find. I would be surprised if there is one, but I'm looking to get as close as I can to a decent story and good dialog. Also, I want something with voice acted scenes, unfortunately that really limits things but maybe there's something I have never heard of.  By "cut and paste gameplay" I mean I want it to have a couple different features. Seriously so many just use the gameplay as a device to move the player to the next point in the plot. I wan't gamplay to be interesting. I'd highly prefer it not to be turn based, but I  guess beggars can't be choosers.    I think that the best example I can provide would be Valkyria Chronicles. Not that it's the best game, but it pretty much satisfies all this. Another decent one would be Tales of Symphonia, but all the Tales games use basically the same format so the gameplay is more or less the same throughout with some minor differences. Maybe there is cheesy dialog, I first played it when I was like 11 or something so I don't know if I'm just remembering it fondly.   
[bit.trip presents... runner2: future legend of rhythm alien]	So I'm looking for games that make excessive use of music as part of the gameplay or story, but are not just rhythm games like Guitar Hero, Singstar, Dance Central and so on. Now, with 'not rythm games' I don't mean that the music can't be used in a rhythmic way. I just mean that I'm not looking for games that work similar to these.      Here are a few examples, ordered from '100% dependant on music' to 'awesome use of music' (which are all valid for what I'm looking for):      - Crypt of the Necrodancer (music is part of the gameplay itself instead of just complementing it)   - Zelda - Basically all of the 3D ones (the ocarina songs obviously play a huge part in the game and the story itself)   - Rayman Legends (has awesome on-rail levels that are built around the music track playing in the background)   - Demon's Souls / Dark Souls (basically no music at all except for ambience and then awesome music for the bosses, somehow hit me much more than other games that do this)      Last one is an exception since I'm pretty sure you know plenty of games that do this. Just see this as an honorable mention for making the most out of the music.      Looking forward to your suggestions!
[planescape torment, dwarf fortress, baldur's gate, cave story]	Sorry for a short vocab dispute first, but, the word ["Classic"](https:// seems to be commonly misunderstood and I just want to be clear. I think classic is often misused where *retro* or *old school* should have been used instead. It is easy to confuse because things of timeless quality can often be a bit older, but that doesn't mean classic simply means "old".  Classic means "Old things which are still good because they are simply so good that they will always be good." XD   Good examples might be Pacman, Super Mario Bros or Zelda. But also Half-life 2 and Skyrim should count because we know by now that these games will go down in history.   Maybe some rules to help us know it is truly classic:  1 - Your average gamer has heard of it before.  2 - It has a significant history to prove that it "stands the test of time".  3 - You expect people to still know this game 20 years from now.  So. Can you list some classics which I might have missed and can play on PC? This list might also be fun just to compare and see what people have in their mind for classic games.  I will start the ball rolling with some stuff I have already, or have played on PC.  * Bioshock * Final Fantasy * Sim City / Sims * Dwarf Fortress * Cave Story * Red Alert (or C&amp;C etc) * Half-Life * Portal * Skyrim (Elder Scrolls, etc) * Fallout * Prince of Persia (simple, but still classic) * Duke Nukem * Civilization * Rome: Total War * Minecraft * Mass Effect * Starcraft * Warcraft III (Dota)  I've probably played many more but I'm starting to draw blanks. And more importantly I'm looking for the classics which I might not have heard of or even just forgotten to try!  
[stardew valley, rimworld]	I haven't played anything in months. I have PS2, PS3, PS4, XBONE, &amp; PC. I'm not sure what it is, but nothing can seem to keep me interested anymore. The last 6 games I bought were FC Primal, Just Cause 3, FO4, Battlefront, The Division, and CoD Advanced Warfare. None of these games I've been able to stick with longer than a week. There hasn't been a game since Socom that has been able to keep me interested for years at a time. What are people that aren't into Wow/LoL type of games playing these days?   TLDR: What is a quality and well put together game, that you'd recommend?
[stranger of sword city ]	I recently played Legend of grimrock 2 and i loved the way you could customize your own party. So now im searching for a game where you can choose different roles for each character (like mage or tank), learn new skills with each of them and grind for gear and levels like no tomorrow (that was actually the only part about grimrock i didnt find satisfying since you will just gain a few levels before reaching the end of the game and most of the equipment is strictly limited :/). the only limitation to this would be that im not looking for any action based combat like diablo 3, i prefer oldschool turn based combat like that from the Final Fantasy series.  I already searched for a few days now on different sites and subreddits but its hard to find a decent recommendation. 
[wolfenstein: the new order, dawn of war: dark crusade, dragon's dogma, dragon's dogma, space travel, starbound, minecraft, card game, talos, mtg, mtg]	Hey guys, first of all, sorry if I'm doing this post wrong as I'm new here, so please let me know if I need to change anything. I've had quite a few different genres I've sunk a huge amount of time into over the years, and was wondering if you guys could help me find something that could help me scratch the itch I've been missing the last few months.  **Games I've Loved**  *Strategy*  * Advance Wars (the whole series): My favorite turn-based strategy game, and what got me into the strategy genre in the first place. I love planning out my moves while also building up my "base" by capturing new buildings. * StarCraft II: My favorite RTS game. I was really into this game for a year and a half, but got tired eventually as the beginning of the game can be rather repetitive.  * Age of Empires * Warcraft III * Portal 1/2: I guess this is more of a puzzle game, but still, one of my all time favorites.  *FPS*   * Halo: the whole series, but I no longer have an Xbox and am not sure FPS's are really my thing anymore.  *Cards*  * Magic: the Gathering. I was *huge* into magic for a couple of years and played competitively for a while, but due to financial constraints, I can no longer play.   *Adventure/Action*  * Minecraft: I played Minecraft for a very long time when it was in beta, and have even recently jumped back into it. I play vanilla mostly with friends occasionally, but it's not as fun as it used to be.  * Sonic Adventure 1/2: This is probably nostalgia more than anything, but I really love the fast-paced nature of these games mixed with the complexities of raising Chao.  * Don't Starve: I love this game, but it's *extremely* difficult. I really enjoy building up my base, but losing it all is hard to accept. I've sunk many hours into the game, however.    Sorry for the long post! Any recommendations would be greatly appreciated. Thanks for your time :)
[steamworld heist]	I'm looking for Steam games where each playthrough is different, due to either procedurally generated content or gameplay mechanics that randomize the experience.  Generally, this means I love rogue-lites. But it can be any game that is different each time you play it due to the mechanics, such as 100% Orange Juice (board game with hundreds of cards), Renowned Explorers (turn based exploration game with randomized quests/maps), Skyrim (radiant quests) and more. Anything where the game mechanics cause each playthrough to highly differ.  I mentioned "underrated" games because if the game is popular, then I've probably heard of it. I'm looking for some lesser known gems on Steam with these sort of mechanics. Thanks in advance.  
[card game]	Sadly the time has come where I am experiencing major FPS drops during LoL games for unknown reasons. In reality, this may be a bit of a blessing considering the amount of time one can put into the game to reach any sort of satisfactional rank.  I am a competitive gamer, I love to practice, theorise, and win. My main games so far have been Monopoly, Street Fighter, and LoL. Sadly console games are out of the question because I work abroad a lot, so my laptop is the only machine I can use.  Recently I've been playing a lot of Gremlins Inc (a MP board game on Steam) which I'm happy to note has skill aspects in the game and a ranked ladder as well.  Can anybody here suggest any other games that aren't graphically strenuous but still have a competitive userbase? Steam games and web brower games are welcomed - I seem to remember a browser game of "Mafia" that had a ranked ladder system, but instead it was a werewolf/village theme. 
[torchlight 2, lol]	Hey fellas,  so basically I've been playing League for 4 years now. It is more or less the only game I play. But now I am just tired of this game. It just make me feel bad playing this game.  So I need some advice on what I could play now.  I like the game idea behind League but always relying on your teammates to win sucks (don't tell me if I am good enough I am able to carry). Furthermore I enjoyed FarCry 3 but hated FarCry 4. I like games like Age of Mythology, Empire Earth - strategy games. I played Tibia and liked it as well but the new patches just destroyed the game.  I am looking for offline and online games. I HATE PAY 2 WIN GAMES! If you think you got a game I might enjoy, let me know!  Thanks! 
[state of decay, ive]	I just played Telltales the Walking Dead for the first time after getting it during the summer sale. It's entirely story based and basically a point and click style game with tank controls.  There were points in the game where apart of the story was going to places to find food by sneaking past zombies and trying to survive.  It made me wonder if there are any games based around this concept that do it well? I know that zombie games are one of the most overdone subgenres in video games, but are there any single player zombie games that have an open world, a stealth system, base building, a survival system (hunger, thirst etc.) and a good atmosphere?  I've seen games like Dayz, 7 days to die, and other multiplayer zombie games that are ruined by the competitive shooter types who just camp in buildings and kill on sight, making it less of a survival experience and just another boring PvP shooter.  Games like Dead Rising and Dying Light are good games but not the type I'm looking for. 
[roguelike, roguelike, roguelike, gearhead]	I am looking for an RPG where instead of leveling up a human (or quasi-human) character (learning skills and magic, getting gear, etc.), you level up something else in some way. This could be a mech game where you level up your mech by swapping out limbs (like the Front Mission games), or something like FTL where you level up your ship by adding new modules and upgrading things. Maybe even something along the lines of Dark Cloud or Disgaea, where the emphasis is on leveling up gear instead of people. Maybe you could even level up something like a town. Any ideas?
[captain america: super soldier]	To me, there's nothing more satisfying than using unconventional weaponry to take down your foes. From COD:MW2 to even Dark Souls, the less-effective-yet-hilarious method of killing foes with a shield remains my tactic of choice. Even if your re-purposed shield sucks as a weapon, I still find it fun to mess around with it.  That being said, I've been wondering if you guys know of any games where you can use some sort of shield as a primary weapon. It doesn't matter if it sucks in the game, I'd still enjoy it! Thanks guys!  Games I play that have as weapons shields:  * Call of Duty Multiplayer (any of the games that have the Riot Shield)  * Metal Gear Solid 5 and Metal Gear Online  * Dark Souls 1-3 
[kerbal space program]	So I'm finally going to be building a PC soon and I need some good games to play. I've been a console gamer for about a decade now so I've played most AAA action games. I tend to lean towards open world action, strategy and sim games. What are some good and random games from the past 8 or so years I may have missed out on. Here's my list thus far.  * Rust * DayZ * STALKER * ARK * Arma 3 * XComm2 * Cities Skylines * Stardew Valley  I'm looking for smaller titles I may have never heard of or even older games I can mod like crazy. I'm really excited to mod Fallout and Skyrim so any other games like that would be great. Thanks for any help.
[shadowrun returns]	So, we have plenty of traditional fantasy games and plenty of traditional science fiction games when it comes to RPGs. Are there any that combine the two though?  What I'm looking for is an RPG set in a world where magic and science fiction level of technology go hand in hand, where people fight with more traditional weapons (swords, bows, axes etc.) that are enhanced by the wonders of science, and where space wizards and cybernetic dragons are nothing out of the ordinary. Of course, I'm not asking specifically for those things, but I think you get the idea.  I'd very much prefer action RPGs, but something more traditional mechanics-wise will also do. It can be a mix of genres, too, like a mix of FPS and RPG for example. Also, single player games only - I don't really like MMORPGs and multiplayer games in general.  Thanks in advance.   EDIT: Also, in case you needed more explanation, here's the [TV Tropes page](http:// on Sci-Fantasy.
[minecraft]	I am not completely sure if this is a good place for it but I need help figuring out a decent gaming laptop (doesn't need to be 3000$ worth of badass but needs to run games like no man's sky when it releases) any suggestions on what brand of laptops to stay away from or run at is greatly appreciated but if you got something more specific in mind let me know.  Also she tends to like running games lately like Minecraft and WoW.  Reason it has to be a laptop is because her and my dad are constantly going between home and 'd like them to have the ability to play their favourite games while they wait and all that.  A final note is that I would also prefer if it's liquid cooled but it doesn't need to be. The liquid coolant would be better since they have dogs that produce quite a bit of hair...
[final fantasy x, skyforge]	I'm going to be honest - I hate Path of Exile.  Not because of the story, or the combat, no.  It's because it's impossible for me to spend 1325 points to cover the massive, *massive* passive skill tree.  That irks me. It drives the completionist in me crazy. I desperately *want* to be able to fill out all of those nodes - It's why I'm attracted to games like TSW, or Skyforge... Hell, even a bunch of the Final Fantasy games (Notably 5, 14, and *shudder* 13)  So I'm looking for a game, (preferably with controller support, but it's fine if it requires keyboard &amp; mouse) that will give me a big skill tree or a ton of job systems, and let me unlock *all of it.*  Let me get every job to level 99. Let me fill out that skill tree/ability wheel. I don't care how much of a grind it is - If I have to put in a hundred, or a thousand hours.  I already have Skyrim and Fallout 4, plus all of the games I mentioned up top - TSW, various Final Fantasies, Skyforge, etc.
[depths of peril, titan quest, titan quest, diablo 2, diablo 3]	Like the title says. Looking for games like D3(an infinite level system((paragons)) and where you just mindlessly kill things for gear/crafting mats). I tried PoE and just couldn't get into it for some reason. I played the hell out of TL2 so it's not showing interest anymore. Currently I'm only playing LoL and WoW but I need a break. Prefer if the game has a singleplayer option but if not it doesn't matter. Back in the day I played a game called "Dungeon Runners"but it was shut down ages ago... PC specs: ATI Radeon Mobility 4250 8gb ram  dualcore cpu(not sure make and model atm, using mobile) Just looking for something to sink all of my time into where nomatter what I can still find upgrades or level up again. 
[hyper light drifter]	I'm basically looking for a game that feels, at its core, like the original Legend of Zelda. Here is what I mean:  * **Open World:** I want to be able to explore and go into caves or dungeons in whatever order I want. Little to no hand holding.  * **Reward Exploration:** I don't need an epic story or a ton of side quests. Those things are fine, but what I really want is to be able to just get stronger by exploring random stuff. Whether that's through level ups, loot, or getting the money to buy new stuff, all of that works.  * **Fantasy Setting:** It can have twists or aspects from other settings but it should be primarily fantasy.  * **Big Game:** It doesn't need to be 600 hours long, but I want something that won't feel like I saw everything in a weekend.  The newer Zelda games just don't have these aspects anymore, the closest thing I can think of to this is the Elder Scrolls series, but I've played those games already quite a bit, and though I can always go back to them (love those games!), I was curious to know if there is anything else out there.  I do **not** care how old/new the game is, or what platform it's on except for I do **not** want phone or tablet games.
[beyond good and evil]	I like concepts like Bioshock and Borderlands, but their gameplay (as far as the first ones go) are a bit boring to me, and I liked the story of Half-Life 2 (I skipped the first after getting halfway through because it felt tedious). I love games with futuristic settings (like  and Remember Me) and absolutely fell in love with Mirror's Edge but can't seem to find any games I like as much as I liked Remember Me, Life is Strange, or Mirror's Edge.  Currently eyeing Quantum Break and ME: Catalyst if that helps at all.  Any ideas for what I could/should play? 
[keep talking and nobody explodes, know how, fibbage]	This summer my niece and nephew are coming to stay with me for a bit. I do not play computer games at all; I don't own any games, any consoles, anything like that, and I don't even have any on my phone. To my knowledge my niece has no interest in them either. My nephew is an avid gamer. He spends almost all his time playing computer games.  I do not want him to spend the entire time with his head stuck in a game not interacting with us, but I also don't want to force him to go cold turkey and or have him resent me as uncle no-fun-allowed. I've also found that it's about the only way I can really talk to him, to sit down with him and play, but when I do so I'm absolutely terrible at these games and always die instantly so it's not much of a challenge for him.  I was thinking maybe it might be worth seeing if there were some games we could play together, either just me and him, or the three of us together, or my girlfriend (also not a gamer) possibly joining in if a fourth is needed. But I don't want games that are very difficult to play, because he would find it boring to just defeat us very easily.  Edit: Thanks everyone for the suggestions!
[turn around]	I enjoy playing mmorpgs but the biggest problem for me is that most 3D games make my head hurt. Like Minecraft, although not really my type of game in the first place, made me want to throw up after a while. Funny thing is, it is a lot better when playing TF2 but TF2 started getting boring because FPS was never my type of thing where you just shoot and then start a new game and repeat. Is there a way to fix the headaches? Or are some people meant to not play 3D games?  Anyways, games I like usually involve some sort of progress and maybe leveling up (which is why FPS isn't appealing most of the time). Examples would be Maplestory and lesser known would be Conquerer or Monster &amp; Me. I also play League, but again the aspect of playing, killing, restart is getting to me. The new champs/modes and being able to play with a friend helps though. I've also recently been really into a cellphone game (Summoners War).   Price: Free  Can anyone suggest a game based of this? Thanks guys!  TL;DR: I like games where you can level up/progress, but can't really deal with 3D.
[freelancer*, fallout 3]	Hi, I'm looking for PC games for a friend that allow character customization and playing a role not designed for the game. What do I mean by that? For example, in Skyrim he liked being a poor hunter-forager who hunted animals for their skins and meat, and collected alchemical ingredients and sold them until he could afford to buy a house. That had nothing to do with the main game but he was able to play that role.  So the games have to be something where you can create your own character and you don't have to follow a linear storyline or do linear actions, but where you can do your own thing just for roleplaying purposes. And not looking for MMOs.  EDIT: Forgot to add, he already has played through Elder Scrolls and Fallout series and through most known releases. Looking for something a bit less known or new.
[factorio]	Hello, i looked at every post of this thread, but couldnt find any new games of my interest. I like to play mining games, where you can get ores. Exploration (find chests), gathering other resources and crafting are other skills I like to do. Multi-player is not a must. Can be via Browser/PC/IOS. Are there any other suggestions then the list below?   **I played**  **PC**  Minecraft  starbound  terarria  7 days to die  rust  wakfu  trove  dont starve (together)  craft the world  dwars f2p  deepworld  **browsergame**  diamond hunt  minethings  mr mine   idle mine co  (checked the most idle/incrimental games)  **ios**  civcrafter  craftergame  civminer  terarria  day survival    
[chrono trigger]	My girlfriend has recently started playing games again (she hadn't played in like 10 years, since she was a kid growing up in China).  She is currently obsessed with this one Chinese "JRPG" (CRPG?  lol...) for the PC called "Virtual Life" from the 1990's.  Virtual Life is a turn based RPG with four primary stats:  Chirisma, Intelligence, Morality, and Strength/Vitality.  You grow up through life and choose your schooling and career based on what you have done in life. She has been playing for 2 days straight and is about to beat the game from what I can tell.  I'm trying to use this nostalgia trip she's currently on to propel her into the JRPG world, but I want to make sure I find a game that's not too complicated for her.  The requirements for the game are that it has turn based combat, has the options to choose a role or career for your character(s) (non-linear character progression), is able to be run on PC (emulator is fine), and is easy enough for a beginner gamer to play without looking up much information.  Anyone have any ideas?  Thanks!
[little big planet]	I'm looking for a couch co-op game to play with my girlfriend, who is pretty bad at game. Preferably on PC or PS3/PS4, but I do own just about every system from NES to current generation, but not an Xbox one, and my 360 is bound to die next time I use it.  Game we have played and that she could handle:  Just about every Lego game made so far, up to Jurassic World, but sadly I am somewhat getting fed up with those, and I think she is too.  We did play Diablo 3 on PS4 and PC for quite a bit.  Yoshi wooly world, but she started finding it pretty hard around world 3.  Super Mario World, same as above.  Trine 1/2  A few days ago, we started Divinity Original Sin Enhanced Edition, but while she hasn't voiced it, I think it's a bit much for her.  I'm not really picky on genre of games, but I don't think sports game/racing game are a good match for us. And we already went through our rhythm game phase (Rockband and Guitar Hero).
[dragon's dogma]	RPG similar to Fallout/Skyrim in that you can do what you want, sort of ' create your own story/narrative' - possibly survival based. PC/PS4, either online or offline  As an example, in Bethesda's games, you can do whatever missions you like or ignore then completely doing your own thing like hunting, professions, base building etc  I've played mount and blade but I'd like a game where there's options other than fighting maybe, like survival games where you have skills likes log cutting etc  Minecraft, Terraria, Skyrim, Fallout, Stardew.. all sort of examples
[van helsing, ive]	so I picked up Gauntlet for myself and some friends during the steam sale because it was just $5 a copy, and we had a blast with it last night. we will probably play through a bit more on the other difficulties and unlock some stuff, but I think we will finish the game pretty quick, as the content is fairly limited.   I was thinking it would be awesome if there was something like Gauntlet, but with more depth and complexity to character builds and gear, but still having a feel of fast paced combat, preferably playable with a gamepad (so not games like Path of Exile or Diablo). more like twin sticks, but without guns.   bonus points if we can each take have roles like tank, archer, mage, healer or whatever.
[hajime no ippo, punch out]	Hey guys, could you help me to find more boxing games that are similar to Punch Out!! (Wii version). Preferably those with decent graphics, good stories and intense violence for the following systems: PC, PSP, PS2, Wii and GC.   Other examples include: Ashita no Joe (PS2 and GBA version) Hajime no Ippo (PS2 and PSP version) Black and Bruised (PS2 and GC) Wade Hixton's Counter Punch (GBA) Yakuza main series and Black Panther series (PS2 and PSP) Fight Night Round 3 (PS2)  The language doesn't matter. Thanks in advance!    
[divine divinity, 15 minutes, this game, shadowrun]	Ive spent the last hour looking for games that fit this criteria. Most of the reddit posts and articles I find suggest games that are similar  to Wasteland's gameplay but not the survival aspect or they have the survival aspect but not the combat system im looking for. The only two I can think of that comes close would be project zomboid and neo scavenger. I didnt like the combat in project zomboid. I might give neo scavenger a try if I cant find anything but I want a game that has a detailed world like wasteland or divinity and while Im not against the way the world is designed in Neoscavenger it doesnt look that detailed. Its very Civilization esque to me. Are there any games like this out there that are fun? 
[dungeon keeper, dwarf fortress, 7 days to die]	Hey there!   I am looking for a game that let's me build a base/empire/something in which I can defend. Something that throws an onslaught of enemies at me.  I always liked the idea of building the perfect defence, I am not inclined to the idea of offensive play.   Some examples which I enjoyed in the past: I massively enjoyed space empires IV, where I created an empire which was only reachable from one point.   Or AoE 2, black forest maps, where I would wall of my base and have a thriving economy behind the front lines.   My playing style was that I preferred only one front to defend.   For PC by the way. So do you guys have any suggestions? Fire away!
[tales of vesperia, final fantasy vi, chrono trigger, lost odyssey]	As the title states, I'm currently looking for jrpgs that have less than standard plotlines alongside a cast of characters that speak and act like normal human beings. Theoretically, not all of the party members even need to **be** humans, so long as they are written with realistic personalities. Plot-wise, anything that isn't too close to the genre cliche will work.  One of the first posts will most likely be Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky, but I just bought both chapters on a redditor's suggestion from /r/ShouldIbuythisgame. After playing very little of the game, I can already confidently say this is a perfect example of what I'm looking for. Persona 3 also had imo nearly perfect character writing and an amazing plot concept (actually my current favorite game of all-time). If anyone can direct me to other games that fit this criteria, that would be amazing! Similarly, if you see a game on the list below I have not started that you believe I should get going on, feel free to let me know. Here are the JRPGs I own already (hope I don't forget anything):  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Started (Alphabetized):  * Final Fantasy VI (Son of a Submariner! This game is amazing; would be a close second for me. I probably also way over-analyze everything in this game, but that's the beauty of it.)  * Persona 3 FES (My favorite game I've played thus far from any genre; the characters just feel so real.)  * To the Moon (Completed it; can't wait to see more from this developer)  * Trails in the Sky FC (This and persona have top-notch character writing imo)  * YS I &amp; II Chronicles (Completed the first + Time Attack, just started the second)  * Undertale (Played through all main routes)  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Owned, but not yet started (yup, my backlog is pretty huge... xD):   * Breath of Death VII  * Chrono Trigger  * Chrono Cross  * Cthulhu Saves the World  * Dark Cloud  * Deadly Sin 2  * Final Fantasy I  * Final Fantasy II  * Final Fantasy IV  * Final Fantasy V  * Final Fantasy VII  * Final Fantasy VIII   * Final Fantasy IX  * Final Fantasy X  * Final Fantasy X-2  * Final Fantasy XII  * Final Fantasy XIII  * Final Fantasy XIII-2  * Final Fantasy XIII LR  * Final Fantasy Tactics  * Final Fantasy... oh wait that's it  * Persona 4 (One day I will complete the 90+ hour behemoth that is Persona 3 FES, and on that day, I will... start Persona 4)  * Phantasy Star II  * Phantasy Star III  * Phantasy Star IV  * Shining Force  * Shining Force II  * Skyborn  * Suikoden III  * Tales of Symphonia  * Tales of Zestiria  * The Last Remnant  * Valkyria Chronicles  * Xenogears  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  As for platform, anything on PSX, PS2, PSP, or PC works! I do now mainly buy DRM-Free, so if it's a Steam-exclusive release (although not every steam game uses Steam DRM), that might be a minor drawback for me. I'll be glad to hear what recommendations you guys have to offer, thanks for reading my post! :)        
[medieval ii: total war, total war: warhammer, rise of nations, age of wonders, empire earth, hearthlands, hearthlands]	I miss the *good old days*. Coming back from school, throwing my backpack in the corner, sitting down by the computer screen and, quite simply, enjoying games. Recently, I'm feeling kind of... sad. And just hear me out. My problem is that, there aren't many good games out there, that I haven't already played. Since my early years I've enjoyed playing the RTS genre the most. Building castles, upgrading troops, invading others with my powerful armies! Oh, those were the days. It just... **breaks my heart** to see how unpopular strategies have become. Most people enjoy target shooting - which is totally understandable, but it's not enough for me.   So, after studying countless forbbiden books, going to the deep web and all the way back, I feel empty inside.   Good people of */r/gamingsuggestions*! I have come here to seek help! For I, Irohscar, have absolutely nothing to play. The boredom is killing me from the inside, for the diabolical fiend it is. Is there anyone willing to help a lost soul?   My career with video games is pretty long. **These are the titles I enjoyed the most:**  * **Stronghold** series - Especially the first one and the Crusader. Oh my, oh my. This is the magnum opus of RTS resource gathering. You [*collect vood*](https://, mine stone, recruit soldiers, build your own castles, destroy others' castles. It's a simple idea, I won't deny that. But that's what makes it work. With amazing singleplayer campaign and the "free building" mode, it's one of the best games I've ever played.  * **Spellforce** - and by that I mean the second game. I played it a while back, my memories are now quite foggy. I remember the hero system, which made the game quite enjoyable.  * **LotR: Battle for Middle-Earth** - Umm... I love fantasy. I love LotR. I love RTS'. So, yeah. It works. Perfectly. This one reminds me of SCII without all the fast pacing and... you know... robots, futures, zergs, monsters-kinda-thingies-I-have-no-idea-what-I'm-talking-about.  * **Paraworld** - RTS with dinosaurs. Woah, don't get scared already. Right now it's impossible for me to even install this game. Plus, it is forgotten by many. While it isn't a bad game, it's not the top notch (*licks fingers*) I'm looking for. The singleplayer was fun. The characters were awful, though. Well, it has its both pros and cons. Wait, *you* should be suggesting me games, not the other way around. Dammit.  * **Once Upon A Knight** - This. No, wait. **This.** This is what I'm talking about, babies. Baby. *Baby /r/gamingsuggestions* (don't put this on /r/cringe, I beg of you). A polish Warcraft rip-off done very, very well. If you're looking for slavic RTS, I don't know why you clicked on this topic, nor will I ask why. It has all the right ingredients - cool story, cool characters, cool buildings, cool aid. Yeah, it's pretty *cool*.  * **Age of Empires** - About a year ago, during the steam sale, my eyes gazed upon a buy button underneath a popular to all name - Age of Empires II HD. Without playing any of the AoE series, I really wanted to try this one. After emptying my wallet (*sobs*) I clicked on the install button (which is logical, don't deny this). And it's good. Yeah, you should try it out yourself. You can even pirate it, or don't. It's cheap, it's fun, it's good your body. I think.   Here are some names worth mentioning: Banished, Age of Mythology. Yeah. I thought the list would be a bit longer. But it's not. I probably should say something about them, but I don't know what.   **TL;DR:** I'm looking for a *Fantasy/Medieval RTS with resource gathering* game.  And no, it wasn't written by a 12-year-old. I'm actually eighteen. So I know my stuff. Yeah. Kind of. I'm *mature*, okay? :'(
[risk of rain]	I'm looking for games in the vein of FTL, Desktop Dungeons, and Rogue Legacy. Games where you can do a few "runs" in a short span of time, but still want to come back to later on.  I know Desktop Dungeons and Rogue Legacy have some leveling and upgrades involved, while FTL you get what you get at the start and whatever you find.  Or Noir Syndrome, where you could (try to) solve a case or two and you'd be done in 20-30 minutes.  I hope this is enough information to be helpful, let me know if I ought to be more specific. Thanks!  Oh! Quick edit, I should probably specify that I'm looking for PC games. Thanks!
[endless legend]	I'd like something that lets you have very different playstyles due to being able to create your own custom civilization to play as, such as in Master of Orion 2. I've started playing Stellaris but all of the bonuses you can pick basically boil down to like +10% to collection of a type of resource and it's nowhere near game changing like MOO race picks were, being able to create a race that doesn't need food at all or can survive on planets that are normally uninhabitable, etc.  It doesn't have to be space based. I remember Empire Earth let you pick a custom civ, that was real time though and I've already played it. Not sure if the civilization games let you do race picks or not but I could just never get into them. I can't think of anything else, so I'm hoping someone else can! Thanks.
[silent hill 2]	Some of these are different genres but  I am looking for games similar to the ones below.  Story driven games with emotional investment, containing dialog options is a plus, mystery or sci-fi is a plus.  I've played:  All the TellTale Games, Life is Strange, Oxenfree, Gone Home, FireWatch, To the Moon, Snatcher (and policenauts) - Also, even though they were more traditional RPGs I really liked the story/dialog systems in the Mass Effect Series, Dragon Age, and TW3.  Might be forgetting some but basically I enjoy these immersive "experience" type of games even if the gameplay is light.  I've never tried visual novels but I think those would be *too* light.  Anything pop out at ya?
[devil daggers]	Finally decided to post a topic of my own.  Have you noticed that a lot of great games are generally story driven? Pretty much all western and jRPGs are. A lot of first person shooters are like that, too. Walking sims are now becoming increasingly popular. MMOs with their communities are a booming genre.  But how about games, that pull you back in for their **awesome** gameplay? Games with game mechanics so well-polished and thought-out, that it's just a joy to play again and again. Games, where gameplay isn't broken up by hours upon hours of exposition. Games, that you can just boot up and instantly have fun. I'm **NOT** limiting this to only gameplay-no story games. Quite the opposite - if the game is able to prioritize gameplay, while having a cool backstory - it will just add extra awesomepoints.  *Games, where gameplay is king*  Let's put them out here.  *Don't forget great hidden gems / golden early access games / cryptic games* - we need **MORE!**  I'll start by naming a few:  - **Hotline Miami** - self explanatory. Kill. Die. Repeat.  - **SUPERHOT** - Super. Hot.  - **Exanima** - actual physics based combat  - **Tetris / Super Mario Bros / Pacman / Pong** - would be a sin not to mention the games that brought the whole industry to life.  - **Hyper Light Drifter** - razor sharp controls. All in your hands.  - **DOOM 2016** - a real comback of the FPS genre and, probably, the best there is.  - **Hinterland: A new Kingdom** - an awfully underappreciated diablo-like game with town-management elements.  - **Rubber Ninjas** - another underappreciated indy game. A ragdoll fighter - quite literally.  - **aRPGs: Diablo 2-3** - (not going to include PoE, because there's a lot of micromanagement that breaks up the stream of fun, unlike D2-3. Still a cewl game).  - **Enter the Gungeon** - another great indy roguelike.  - **Hammerfight** (aka Hammerfall) - a criminally underappreciated physics-based combat game, made by an indy Russian developer. Feature both a unique and addicting combat system, and a very interesting and unique world design (essentially Ancient History steampunk) - it's fucking amazing and more people should play it.  - **Grow Home** - "Ubisoft still makes good games?!", but really, Grow Home is an adorable game, with procedurally generated *animations*. It's both a tech prototype, and an amazing, charming game, which will keep you hooked for the few hours required to beat it. All gameplay, baby.  - **Souls games** - Surely, nobody can forget the genius From Software has developed.  Anxiously waiting for more.  Cheers!
[shadow of the colossus, metal gear solid]	Well, it finally happened. My PC died. Time for me to pick up things I've missed.   I'm looking strictly at single player experiences, not to restrict myself online as I desperately want to play Journey.   I'm looking for games I'll remember well into the next decades, games which you'd consider classics, must plays.  My list so far:  The BioShock Trilogy. Plan to wait for the Remaster.  The Last of Us Ni no kuni Tales of Xilia   I'll finally pick up a version of Dark Souls, I hear it's one of the most immersive worlds of our time. Difficulty aside.  Hopefully plan to borrow Witcher 3 from a friend.  Possibly to pick up the Dragon Age franchise, and maybe even Mass Effect again ( Played through ME already )  I'd love to hear the games which you'd consider must plays for PS3/4. Thanks in advance!  Edit: feel free to include PSN/Classics that are worth the play. I'm pretty sure I plan to pick up Persona 4. 
[might and magic]	My job is a home job but the hours I do it at has me constantly paying attention to the job, so side entertainment isn't an option (even music as the job is audio-based).  I'd like something I can alt-tab to when things quiet down. GBA/DS games also welcome. Turn-based would be suitable I think as the gaps between work can sometimes be short.  Thanks!  EDIT: I loved Adventure Capitalist, so a desktop equivalent would also work. Also, can't be web-based because my connection is slow. Sorry for so many restrictions.
[dark souls]	Or Skyrim, that's another good example. Terraria too.  I picked up Dark Souls 1, and while it has a good amount of the feel of King's Field, and is a pretty solid game overall, so far, it seems to be all about battle with a very linear path to follow. Though, maybe it opens up further into the game and I just don't know that? I just got to the spot where you see a dragon fly over head. Pretty early on in the game I think.  It's missing the freedom and exploration that I loved from the King's Field games. Is there anything out there that's similar to these, where I can go hunting for treasure and explore the game world in a less linear fashion? I really loved the 'optional' bits like Orladin's maze in KF2, or the second castle in Castlevania: SotN.  I tried Borderlands 2, but that was a little TOO loot-spammy. Sifting through 300 junk guns to find one good one just makes me impatient. It also seems like something that would be 10x better with friends, and I don't have anyone to play it with.
[monster hunter]	I just finished Furi hard mode and exhausting the fun I could get out of the speedrun aspect of the game.  After that I played through Hyperlight Drifter, but the bosses just felt far too easy.    I'm looking for something that puts me up against some intense boss fights where I have to chip away at their health with perfect execution.  I want to feel alive with adrenaline when I'm playing.    Furi was just so good and was exactly what I wanted to play but didn't realize until I picked up the controller.  Is there anything else that can make me feel the same way? 
[path of exile, torchlight 2]	Me and a friend are looking for a game to play, it could be lan, local hosted or MMO, we have played Diablo, Minecraft, Terraria and a bunch of FPS. Right now we are searching a game with larger content, and we are looking at path of exile, but are open to suggestions.   Preferably free to play games  With sense of progression, not doing the same thing over and over (like an FPS for example)   Coop gameplay is rewarded, not just an extra feature (non essential)   Semi-grindy mechanics so that the content is spread out  Boss fights are cool   Also, it be awesome that we could team up against other people
[shadowrun returns, crash bandicoot, spyro]	Edit: It turns out what I'm looking for is a 3D Platformer. Thanks everyone!  Spyro 1 and Crash Bandicoot 2 are two games that fit these conditions.  1.  Zelda: Ocarina of Time, Pokemon Red, and Skyrim have large sprawling worlds.  1. In Kingdom Hearts, you constantly get new abilities and powers as you progress through the game that are pretty much optional to use.  1. What I mean by self-contained levels is that you can finish the level completely on your first attempt. Once you finish you don't need to go back later. This kind of goes along with #2 because usually when you have to go back it's because there was some ability you didn't have the first time. Portal fits this description, and Zelda: Wind Waker doesn't.  [N Ninja](http:// is another game that basically fits all the conditions, except I wouldn't call it an RPG
[evoland]	Little bit of an odd request, I know, but I'm looking for more games that evoke a sense of nostalgia. I don't mean simply old games I played as a child, but games which attempt to bring forth that feeling with something new.   A few examples are:  [Attack of the Friday Monsters](https:// This game celebrated childhood imagination and reminded me of summer holidays when I was younger. It's probably the  example of what I'm getting at  [Gone Home](https:// is a little bit bleaker, but was incredibly nostalgic with its 90's theme. It didn't go overboard with it's setting, but still managed to make me reminisce.   [Retro Game Challenge](https:// not so much the retro games, but the theme of sitting down with a childhood friend and pouring through magazines for cheats. It reminded me of soaking up brand new videogame manuals on the way home from the store, and the excitement of simply getting a new game!   Finally, [the new Pokemon trailer](https:// is exactly the sort of vibe I'm chasing. It made me grin from ear to ear!    ideas? Please help a grumpy 26 year-old feel like a child again! :) 
[shadow warrior, dying light]	Hello, and I thank you for taking the time to view my first post on this subreddit. You see, as of late, I have a tonne of time on my hands, and am looking to get rid of it.   I also deem it worthy to note that I am profoundly picky and particular. Even I really don't know what I want. I was really hoping that someone here could suggest something that happens to strike my fancy. It's fine if the title doesn't fit into any of those genres. As long as it isn't an SRPG, like Wasteland 2 or Fire Emblem, I'm fine with it. But ideally, I'd like a game that meets those criteria stated in the title. Also, (Ideally) I would like PC titles, but I also have access to a PS4, PS3, and an Xbox 360, so those are fine, as well.  Here is a list of some of the games I have played:  Stealth  * Dishonored (Couldn't really get into this one) * Thief (The Dark Project, The Metal Age, Deadly Shadows, and 2014 reboot) (The first one was pretty good. The second was better. I can't get the third running) * Splinter Cell (1, 2, 3, Conviction, and Blacklist) (Note: I own Double Agent on Steam, but can't get it running on Windows ; is it worth the hassle?) * Volume (Couldn't really get into this one) * Batman: Arkham Asylum and Batman: Arkham City (Wasn't really my thing) * Stealth Bastard (I was okay with this one) * Sniper Elite V2 (Couldn't really get into this one) * Hitman Series (Except for the new one) (Couldn't really get into this series) * Far Cry 2, 3, and 4 (Couldn't stand 2; Finished 3, Played most of 4) * Crysis 1 and 2 (Couldn't get into this one) * Gunpoint (Really liked this title. Logged a whole day into it) * Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain (Really enjoyed this one. I got over 100 hours logged) * Mark of the Ninja (Couldn't really get into this one)  RPG  * The Elder Scrolls III, IV, and V (Tried to force myself into III; didn't take. Liked IV. Liked V even more) * Fallout Series (Don't like 1 or 2 or Tactics. Like 3, Really like NV, and couldn't get into 4) * Persona 3 and 4 (Not interested in 1 or 2) (Persona 4 is probably one of my favorite games; Persona 3 is good, but it fatigued me, so I didn't finish it.) * Borderlands 1 and 2 (Not interested in Pre-sequel) (Not a fan of either) * Final Fantasy XIII (I might give this another shot pretty soon) * Mass Effect 1 and 2 (I know it's sacrilege, but I didn't care for either) * Dragon Age: Origins (Not a fan) * Recettear: An Item Shop's Tale (Liked this game. Logged 20 hours into this one.) * The Witcher 1-3 (Played 1 for ten minutes. Played 2 for 36 hours, and played 3 for 4 hours. Didn't like any of them, overall.) * Mass Effect 1 and 2 (I know it's sacrilege, but I didn't care for either.) * Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning (Couldn't really get into it) * Two Worlds: Epic Edition (What a fucking joke...)  FPS  * Payday 2 + The Heist (Played The Heist for 63 hours until I discovered Payday 2 existed; I then logged 700 hours into Payday 2) * Battlefield 3 (Didn't like the campaign, and didn't touch the multiplayer. Do people still play it?) * Doom (The Original 2) (Couldn't really get into it) * Wolfenstein 3D + Spear of Destiny + Escape From Castle Wolfenstein (Enjoyed all three) * Dead Island Definitive Edition (Don't really like this game. I think it's pretty boring.) * ARMA III (Couldn't get into it; won't run at stable frame rates) * Bioshock series (Really liked 1, Liked 2, didn't like Infinite) * Deus Ex: Human Revolution (I liked it, but overall, I couldn't get into it)  I think I may have ADD.   If you have any questions, feel free to ask; I'll be prompt in answering you. If your question is "Do you even like anything", the answer is no.  I'll greatly appreciate any replies that I may receive.  Thank You.  
[wolfenstein the new order, far cry 3 blood dragon, metal gear solid]	I've played a lot of games over my life. A lot. I'm mostly looking for an RPG but really any suggestions you have for me would be great. I really hate platformers, or any game with the 2D side scrolling style (Like Starbound or the Mario games). PC only but I can use emulators.  **Games I've played and liked in no particular order**  * Xenoblade  * Chromehounds (This right here is my favorite game of all time)  * Dragon Age 1, 2 and 3  * Mass Effect 1, 2 and 3  * The Elder Scrolls 3, 4 and 5  * Battlefield 2, 3 and 4  * Battlefield: Bad Company 1 and 2  * Europa Universalis IV  * Fallout 1, 2, 3, New Vegas and 4  * Team Fortress 2  * Supreme Commander and Forged Alliance  * Civilization 5 and Beyond Earth  * Portal 1 and 2  * Planetary Annihilation  * Mount and Blade: Warband  * Metro 2033 and Last Light  * Minecraft  * Half Life 1, 2 and the various expansions for them  * Killing Floor  * FTL  * League of Legends  * Dead Space 1, 2 and 3  * Borderlands 1 and 2  * Arma II DayZ  * Spore (Oh what could have been)  * Legend of Dragoon  * All of the Pokemon Games  * Fire Emblem: Awakening  * Elite Dangerous  * EVE Online  **Games I've played and don't like in no particular order**  * 7 Days to Die  * System Shock 1 and 2  * Bioshock (All of them)  * Counter Strike  * DOTA 2  * Thief (All of the Thief games I've tried I don't like)  * Starbound
[dark side]	It seems an obvious  you wanna play a post apocalyptic game or have a fantasy experience?  Well I love both genre, I spent many many hours on modded Skyrim and Fallout 4 but I never tried Oblivion and Fallout New Vegas therefore instead of starting a new playthrough on Skyrim or FO4 I decided to buy a new game.   I play this kind of game very slowly, exploring, "roleplaying",  I don't have the time to play both.  I already did some research and red a couple of review but I have some question for people who played both:  - Which game reward more the exploration? For example if I'm starting without the main quest and just wandering around I'd like to find stuff in random place, interesting NPC, quest, loot etc...  - Which have the better animations?   - Which one did you enjoy the most?  - What are the main difference with the respective sequel?  - Anything you wanna add :D  
[star citizen]	Greetings Space Lovers!   You have a chance to play the famous game (still in late Alpha stage)  Star Citizen , for free ;)    What is Star Citizen ?  Spaceship Simulator and First Person Shooter , procedural planets , 100 systems + single player campaign in Cry Engine. Also Guiness record holder! ( most succesfully crowdfunded game ever! )   RobertsSpace Industries is proud to offer a summer free flight trial of Star Citizen! During this week long free fly you will get a chance to try out the game and fly fighter ships like the Mustang Beta, the Sabre and the F7C Hornet! Sail around Port Olisar, Arcorp or do missions in a vast system (200,000 klm^3 !!! )   Create an account, then enter this promo code to gain access to play the game: **SUMMERFREEFLY2016**  Sign up here : https://   If you want an extra 5000 credits to buy armor or weapons sign up under this referral code : **STAR-VGPN-JXKH**   Anything you ' like to ask about the game (early backer here) , I 'll be glad to answer . See you in the 'verse!   edit: updated info 
[rocket league, the witcher]	I've never had a machine that would run much, so this is a big dive for me. Looking for any good pointers to start of with, either new games or recent releases (last 3-5 years).  Really open to just about anything, I have little experience with PC games to even know what I really prefer yet.  Thanks in advance!  **Specs:**  **M-Board** Asus H170 Pro  * 4 x DDR4 slots, max 64GB  * 1 x  port (Not using it, but nice to have for future investment)  * 6 x SATA3 ports  * 6 x USB  ports  * 6 x USB  ports  * 4 x PCIe  slots  * 2 x PCE slots  **Processor** Intel Core i7 6700k  * Quad core,  GHz w/8MB cache  **Memory** 16GB Crucial 2666 (2 x 8GB)  **Video Card** Asus GeForce GTX1080 ROG STRIX  * 1733MHz core clock (most people are claiming to hit 2000+ easy without running hot using MSI Afterburner instead of Asus OC software, which seems to be very buggy according to reviews)  * 8GB GDDR5  * **Max Resolution** 7680x4320  **Storage**  * **Boot Drive** 480GB Samsung SSD  * **Secondary** 2TB Seagate  **Cooling**  * Liquid cooling for processor with fan &amp; radiator  * 2 x 120mm case fans, may add more once I get it (Case has space for 8)  * 3 x fans &amp; direct-GPU contact heat pipes on the vid card  **Monitor** Asus " LED  * **Max resolution** 3840x2160  **Keyboard** Razer Black Widow Chroma  **Mouse** Razer Mamba Chroma
[this game, this game, this game, this game, this game, this game, this game, archeage, endgame, endgame, kill x]	Hey folks. I been at a crossroads with MMORPG games and I find that sometimes i go into a game not wanting to beat up 20 of this and deliver 5 of that. Sometimes I want to craft and get deep into it and play the market a bit. Then when im bored of that I may want to take on a big bad guy with a group of folks.   Lately I've played variety of MMORPGs. I like blade And soul, but end game seems like a gold grind and I HATE their crafting system. Black desert has some decent crafting system, but the dungeoning is where? And the PvP power creep is a bit off putting.  I don't have a huge guild to play with. Sieging could be fun, but I like dungeons. Got into Tera, love the combat. Seems like a big race to 65 then I'm hearing bad things about endgame, but I haven't experienced it for myself. The game hasn't really introduced me to crafting like many other games have. So it doesnt seem that is a big focus. Correct me if I'm wrong. I'm thinking FFXIV maybe where I go next. I have a max level NIN. I just don't like the length of the story and the pace. Is Seems to long and drawn out and I have to do quite a bit of running around to progress. I may have to get over that lol.   I'm open to hearing anything that will sway me eve. In the games I have already mentioned. 
[runescape]	I really used to enjoy evony but I stopped playing when I realised it was pretty paytowin. I don't mind some financial burden, paying for entertainment is not a new concept.   The reason I won't go back to ebony is the developers lack of progress towards addressing the amount of botting. I would happily spend 200 plus over a few months for the kind of experience you get in evony but I can't stand botting. If your going to cheat, why play? Its not like there aren't cheaters in life, but in evony you are certain to be affected by a botter at some point.  I've tried a few of the "bigger" ones like Sparta but felt it lacklustre.   Any suggestions would be appreciated! Thank you!
[war thunder]	I'm looking to buy a new Steam game, but I'm very conflicted right now on what to get. My favorite games of all time are Counter Strike, Overwatch, Prison Architect, Hearthstone Impossible Creatures, and Civilization.  I like a really wide variety of games, but I tend to like online multiplayer games a lot better than single player, however I do play a couple single player games. I really like games that are pretty competitive, but easy to get into.  So far, I've been looking at mainly Rimworld and Stellaris, but I'm not really sold on either. I guess suggestions don't necessarily *have* to be multiplayer, but I definitely prefer multiplayer games to single player.  I appreciate your input!
[total war]	So I'm pretty much looking for games that "show off" the mid-range hardware I have, since this is the first real piece of hardware I've ever played with! But since I don't want to waste money, and whatever I'm buying I'll be stuck playing for the next many months, I'm looking for suggestions for mechanically deep games, which are generally the kind of games I'm into  I already picked up The Witcher 3 (which runs well on high settings). Any further suggestions? For reference, games I like:  Arma 2  Baldur's Gate 1/2  Demon Souls/Dark Souls  The Sims 2  Civilization IV  Deus Ex 1,2&amp;3 (yes, 2!!)  Mount&amp;Blade Warband  Terraria  Witcher 3  MS Flight Sim X  NetHack  I've already considered GTA 5, but for various reasons, I decided against it. Not my kind of game tbh.  Also, I haven't touched the mass effect series. I was wondering if the more recent ME games actually make full use of these modern midrange specs, but it's always been my experience that BioWare games are relatively easy to run even on low range specs.
[rimworld]	Hello there! I've been looking for RPG games that have some form of base building, perhaps people here have some suggestions. I'm a bit biased in favor of the turn-based ones.  I've played a bit on this genre. **The ones I love:**  This war of mine  FTL  XCOM series, but not XCOM 2 due to graphics being too good for my computer.  Shadowrun: Dragonfall, Hongkong (my personal favorite)  Sheltered  Divinity : OS  Dead State  Fallout Shelter (android)  **Ok in my list but not too impressed:**  Project Zomboid  Zafehouse:Diaries  Darkest Dungeon  The Banner Saga II  Valkyria Chronicles  Massive Chalice  Chaos Reborn  Paper's Please (not really in this category but somehow has a similar feel)  Pillars of Eternity  **I tried playing but wasn't too fond of:**  Skyshine's Bedlam Redux  Wasteland II (particularly disappointing after the hype)  Don't starve  I'm sure there are more games like these out there that I missed in my google searches, feel free to suggest!
[pillars of eternity]	Yesterday I had an accident with my bike, rendering my right arm unusable for the coming weeks.  Now other than good old Grand Strategy or Racing, what can you suggest that can be played with just the left hand?  As /u/Craios125 pointed out, there were some threads like this one recently. Have this list (for those like me who didn't search first):  * [what are some good pc games you can play with one hand?](https:// * [A PC game I can play with just the mouse and not have a whole lot of concentration/easily multitask with?](https:// * [A PC game/s able to be played with one hand.](https:// * [What are some good games that I can play with only one hand?](https:// * [What games can I play with one hand?](https://
[gone home]	Hello everyone!  I REALLY hope it is okay to post here-  I am going to write a 60 page paper on the representation of women in video games. I am going to apply film theory/analysis to it and furthermore take into account how women are dealt with in video games. Think questions such as:  - Is the protagonist female ? If yes, are there significant differences to the gameplay/approach to problemsolving in contrast to male protagonists who often make the player indulge in power fantasies?  - How are females treated as npcs/how do they contribute to the game/are they merely "sidekicks" to the real hero and support the male protagonist to achieve his own   - How can games deconstruct current gender roles (I was especially thinking about "Beyond Good and Evil" for this one, as Jade seems to be the most well written female protagonist I've seen in a video game yet)  My question is whether you have any suggestions for video games that could be interesting for the aforementioned issues. Games that are obviously sexist or which could be considered sexist, despite superficial attempts to do away with it, are also of great interest to me.  Feel free to suggest anything!  Kindest regards.    I am NOT out to grind an axe or claim that video games are the bane of contemporary society or anything. I love games myself, but do think that it is worthwhile to think about them critically. 
[psi-ops: the mindgate conspiracy]	Im not talking about "oh man I can one shot with my sword im such a high level!"  I mean you start as a man, and gain power as you become god, with literal control over reality itself.   Is there anything like this?   fantasy would be best, but doesnt matter.  Stuff like telekenetic powers, powers that transcend laws of physics, that break reality itself. Maybe eventually being able to hold life and death in your hands.   Ever seen Akira? Thats like, halfway there.  Is there anything remotely similar to this? Anything GOOD like this?  Released or upcoming?
[planescape torment, assassin's creed, shadow of mordor, mortal kombat, baldur's gate, hammerfight, mass effect, hong kong, crossfire, shadowrun, starcraft, total war, mad max]	I work on my pc 6-8 hours and i take breaks every 1 hour , my job is extremely boring and i want something to make me forget about time. Here is what i want:  1. A game with lengthy sessions or events similar to lol where each game last 40min+ , i want something similar to this but much easier  2. A an easy to multitask game with no keyboard requirement  The best game for killing time is obviously lol because each game last alot but its also hard to multitask unless you are playing normalls but even then you will still suck so i dont think its an option , i need something similar but easier.  Non session-event games are acceptable too but i cant think any.
[heroes of might and magic]	Games where you slowly conquer a map are extremely satisfying to me but I think im too dumb to play any grand strategy games.  * I have tried shogun 2 total war but got turned off from it when I lost on literally the third turn when the easy difficulty marched in and took over my one city as the advisor was trying to explain the game to me.    * I have NO idea how to play crusader kings 2 and even while playing the tutorial and trying to read every bit of information on the screen I forget how to do everything easily. (I have 11 hours in the game and have never made any progress, I just start a game and watch as my empire burns to the ground around me)  * I do enjoy civ V (even though I am bad at that one too) but I would prefer a game where the borders are static instead of like in civ where you found a city wherever you want and have it grow   Examples of games that i enjoyed are:  * Far cry 3/4/blood dragon  * need for speed carbon  * Just cause 2/3  * Mad Max  * civ 5  I am open to playing strategy games because the idea of conquering a map is really temping to me but there is no game that I am smart enough to play well enough to not just lose.
[pillars of eternity, wasteland 2]	I've played most, if not all of the notable Bioware/Obsidian games ( Dragon Age Series, PoE, Mass Effect series, Kotor Series), and the Witcher series, along with Baldur's gate. I'm bored this summer after exhausting my patience with the games after prolonged usage, and I'd like an RPG with story building and interesting combat that can at least compare to the aforementioned games, I'd like to refrain from old games such as Jade Empire and Fable 1 and 2 since even if they have a good story, they're hard on the eyes, I could only hold on with the Kotor and Baldur's gate series because they were amazing games. Please, PLEASE suggest some games, I'm BORED out of my mind right now. Thanks in advanced!
[nes]	Hey guys, I'm looking for a game I can play in my spare time on my Chromebook that runs Linux. I have 4 GB of RAM to work with but only a Celeron processor. I've been thinking about playing Dwarf Fortress but it looks really complicated. I'll probably give it a shot though.    Suggest away!   Thanks!  **Edit for others interested:** These are some great suggestions below. I've also done some research and found that some Android APKS can emulated on chromebooks! An example is [Fallout Shelter](https://    I've also seen people reporting they can play Terraria (via Steam) with a little lag at the start but then it smooths out. FTL should also be playable. 
[eve online]	I've been searching a lot, but haven't found what i'm searching for. That is a MMORPG that one can play the trading role without ever do grind or fight.  I felt compelled to this by the anime "Log Horizon" where you would have trade guilds and fighting guilds. The idea would be that each player could opt for trying to buy the crafting items cheap and sell high what they craft with them and the others going for the loot where they could sell their loot and get gold from the monsters they kill. One could go hybrid and get his own loot to then craft and sell.  There would be Alliances between trading guilds to get some base prices and alliances between trading and fighting guilds where the fighting guild would get the loot and the trading guilds would then craft and give items for the fighting guild and sell the leftovers.  Territories could have either of 2 systems: Territories could be conquered or territories could be bought. This way either wars would be motivated for the territories where trade guilds would have to ally with one of the fighting guilds contesting the territories to be able to have the loot from there or the territories could be bought and they would give premission to certain fighting guilds to go there in trade of a loot tax.  The question is if there is any game that looks a bit like this since i doubt there is one exactly like this that i have found at least?
[metal gear solid, mass effect, mass effect, mgs]	Okay so here are some things about my gaming experience.  -I hate sidescrollers -I would prefer a shooter, but with some good story in it -I have played and loved all Borderlands, Bioshocks, Assassins Creeds, Witcher -What i love about borderlands is the leveling up and spending of abiliy points that give you certain skills and passive effects -I have a ps4 and good gaming pc -Any game where i can fight and get better at fighting in my own way sounds good -Battleborn is 15$ on humble, i hear its bad but if you have any input then lemme know -Nothing super duper scary -I do enjoy sniping
[bloodborne]	My dad is looking for a new game to sink into after playing Dark Souls and Dark Souls 2 and wants more. I asked him about his preferences for what games he would wanna play, and here is some information:  - Would prefer the game to be third person, not first person, or at least have an option. - Would not want the game to take forever, since he doesn't have much time. - Loves medieval and fantasy games like Dark Souls and Skyrim. - Likes a challenging experience. - Prefers an unforgiving but rewarding game that doesn't tell you exactly what to do. - Doesn't like futuristic or modern games; nor does he like to play online FPS's but did watch me play Destiny a few times. - Wants simpler controls, nothing crazy. - We (I) have a PC, PS4, PS Vita, Xbox 360, and Wii U. - Nothing super pricey. PC or PS4 games preferred.  Any suggestions would be really helpful!
[titan quest, grim dawn, diablo]	HI there. Lately I've found myself playing the same games over and over, I think it's time for something new but I'm not really sure where to begin. I'm looking for the following, don't have to be all in the same game (bonus if it is)  Grindy  Character Customization  Single players &amp; Multiplayer aspects  No over abundance of fetch quests   Good end game or replayability  RNG Loot  No pure PVP (overwatch, MOBAs)  Genre doesn't matter  Games I've played: GTAV, Warframe, Path of Exile, Guild Wars 2, Black desert, Diablo, Van Helsing, Runescape, World of Warcraft, Ark, Minecraft, Starbound/Terraria, Skyrim, Fallout 4, Torchlight
[the elder scrolls online, left 4 dead 2, guild wars 2]	Hello there, I currently play Hearthstone. It can be fun at times, but the level of luck the game revolves around when in a competitive setting is just not fun. I think a big draw for me to the game is the community around it, and that I can feel involved when I watch others play on twitch. I don't need a game I can watch on twitch, but just something that I can chill out with and feel some progress. Something with a community where I can get involved with others would be a huge plus. Low commitment, based around skill, and an avenue where I can make friends would be great! I play on a Mac Air so that probably cuts down a bit on my options. I'll review any suggestions given! 
[victor vran]	I am trying to prepare a list of isometric, top down, action RPG games with an open world experience. I am new to the world of isometric RPGs and would love to dig in further. Here is the kind of games I am looking for:  -Gorgeous visuals and modern interface  -Conventional controls: WASD to move, LMB to attack, Space to jump/dodge  -Great combat  -Great customizability and loot  -Huge open world with non-linear story arches.  I dig fantasy games, but am interested in other genres as well. Dark and occult themes interest me greatly. Any recommendations? Thanks.  
[stardew valley, don't fall]	I used to play WoW, was a priest healer and loved it. However, I quit years ago, and have since found that I do not have the time for MMO type games.   I have been looking for a game that can pull me in like WoW used to, especially the healing aspect (but not necessarily) with only a an hour or two per night.   I have tried a few RPG's such as The Witcher, and a few other games, such as XCOM and Total War, but just found that I could not sit down for long enough to establish an interest, and therefore gave up before I even got started.   The only game I am currently playing is overwatch, which is perfect for my situation. But I am itching for that nostalgia hit.  Has anyone got any recommendations for me?   Many thanks. 
[dragon's dogma: dark arisen, shadow of the colossus, hyper light drifter , hotline miami, devil may cry, dark souls, dmc]	I like to vent restless energy and zone out to games like Dark Souls 3, Geometry Wars, Mirror's Edge, or racing sims.   What they all have in common is that they are visceral; movement, coordination, and timing are central game mechanics.  The games are also very atmospheric, which is a huge plus, to prevent it from getting mundane.  The reason this request doesn't describe every arcade game ever is because I would hope the game has the same level of depth as an RPG or metroidvania.  Can anyone please recommend any other games that are equally fluid and free in, yet demanding of, movement?  Bonus if the game world is especially atmospheric.  Thank you.  
[planescape: torment, planescape torment, neverwinter nights, neverwinter nights, jade empire , i am setsuna, mass effect, this game, hong kong, hong kong, shadowrun, shadowrun, kotor, kotor]	As the title describes. A list of games I've already played which I think should help in suggesting what games to post: **Dragon Age series, Witcher Series, Pillars of Eternity, Mass Effect Series, Elder Scrolls Series, Shadowrun , KOTOR Series, Divinity Original Sin, Banner Saga 1-2, Fallout Series , Baldur's Gate.**   Thanks in advanced.   *Disclaimer, I also don't mind if the game doesn't fit 1-2 of the criteria, so long as it has a good story, fun, and can keep me interested ( Telltale Games series)*
[dragon's dogma: dark arisen, deus ex: human revolution, shadowrun: hong kong, hyper light drifter, dragon age: origins, assassin's creed 2, world of warcraft, enter the gungeon, shadow of mordor, devil may cry 4, super meat boy, civilization v, hotline miami, hotline miami, hotline miami, hotline miami, rocket league, rocket league, just cause 2, max payne 3, mass effect, mass effect, left 4 dead, dark souls, dark souls, dead space, bioshock 1, metro 2033, this game, this game, this game, this game, far cry 3, far cry 3, red alert, undertale, undertale, out there, star wars, portal 2, diablo 3, game on, sci-fi, vvvvvv, gta v, gta v, talos, gta 4, ac2]	Finally upgrading from my i7 920 / 6950 rig to a 6600k/gtx 1070. Naturally, I want to test out the eye candy and have some fun. I haven't really kept up with the latest games over the last few years.  What games should I try? Ideally a mix of great graphics and gameplay.  For graphics, I'm considering trying Star Wars battlefront (that Real Life mod :O ), maybe Battlefield 4, Witcher 3, and Tomb Raider. Anything else?  For gameplay/story I expect Witcher 3 to be great. What else?  I basically almost haven't played anything but some League of Legends since 2009 (though I did play Portal 1 / 2, and Skyrim without mods).  **edit:** Thank you for the in depth responses, I didn't quite expect that!
[dwarf fortress, undertale, undertale, rimworld, rimworld, rimworld, rimworld, stack up]	Option 1: Inside and Undertale  Option 2: Rimworld  I've heard praise for both games in 1, more so for the latter. Neither game is in my favorite genre per se, but I loved Limbo and the sheer amount of praise for Undertale is  pretty much been on my wishlist since it came out and I've never taken the chance on it, despite its success.   Rimworld came out on Steam not too long ago and I've heard almost nothing but praise. This is closer to the style of game I play more often but I was hoping to get a testimonial for any of these three games from y'all helpful people.   I'm really having a tough time choosing between the options.   EDIT: Ended up going with Option 1. I've put off Undertale for too long and I loved Limbo too much to keep passing on Inside. I'll keep Rimworld in the wishlist for another day. Thanks for the help, everyone!
[grandia 2]	My mom and I used to play SNES-era (and beyond) JRPG's together. Recently, though, her hands have started to hurt too much to use a controller, but she is still capable of gaming with mouse. She has been playing those simple point-and-click games but has expressed interest in something with a more engaging story. But, and I can't stress this enough, gameplay has to be VERY forgiving - real time fighting is out of the question, as is super complex strategy that you have to familiarize yourself with before playing.  Her laptop (Win7) isn't amazing, but not potato either. Games she enjoyed in the past are, for example, Final Fantasy 4 &amp; 6, Secret of Mana, Legend of Zelda, Harvest Moon, and her favorite, Tales of Symphonia.  Any ideas? :D
[life is strange]	I love Bioware-type games (Knights of the Old Republic, Mass Effect series) where interaction and feedback shapes the world you're in. The RPG element isn't that important, although that does seem to be the genre in which most of these games are in. I haven't played a huge number of games of this type - apart from those mentioned above, the only other one I can think of off the top of my head is the Walking Dead series, although I suppose in terms of conversation-driven mechanisms, you can include games like Secret of Monkey Island.  The other types of games that I like are where you exhibit some sort of control over something - such as Football Manager, Civilization and Cities: Skylines. Long shot, but if there's anything combining these two genres, I'd be in heaven.  BTW, PC preferred, although I do also have an Xbox 360 knocking around.
[don't starve]	I got an Aspire One Cloudbook 11.  Definitely not top of the line. I have successfully played x3 Terran conflict and there isn't lag and the graphics are good. I enjoyed it for a while. Any suggestions on survival Games? I saw stranded deep, but don't think my computer could run it. Same with a lot of the 'newer' games. Here are my computer specs. I have steam, which is where I'm downloading everything.    CPU   Intel Celeron N3050 Operating System Windows 10 Home RAM 2GB RAM Upgradable to  Hard Drive Size 32GB Hard Drive Speed  Hard Drive Type eMMC Secondary Hard Drive Size  Secondary Hard Drive Speed  Secondary Hard Drive Type  Display Size  Native Resolution 1366x768 Optical Drive  Optical Drive Speed  Graphics Card Intel HD Graphics Video Memory Shared Wi-Fi  Wi-Fi Model  Bluetooth Bluetooth  Mobile Broadband  Touchpad Size  x  inches Ports (excluding USB) USB  Ports (excluding USB) HDMI Ports (excluding USB) USB  Ports (excluding USB) Headphone/Mic USB Ports 2 Card Slots SD memory reader Warranty/Support One-year limited warranty Size  x  x  inches Weight  pounds
[rocket league]	Rainbow six siege was a good example (before the glaring hitbox/lag compensation/hacking issues) of a game that had some choice in character classes, and had team multiplayer but wasn't completely dependent on teammates to cover your weaknesses. A really good player could 4v1 a match that started out bad, and there was no character that COMPLETELY shut down another character.   I'm having a terrible time in Overwatch with quickmatch. If I get 6 friends on its fine but I really am looking to just avoid games where I could chose a character and have literally nothing I can do against another character.   Moba's are kind of out of the question too. A single non cooperative teammate could end a match easily as well.   Starcraft was great, played that for years, but I'm not a huge fan of legacy of the void for design reasons.  csgo/quake: I'm not a huge fan of straight forward FPS. I've played enough over the years to burn out on it.  It's tough to find games that aren't 90% team cooperation or FPS.
[stardew valley, mass effect, dark souls, undertale, sci-fi]	I have one week left of vacation before I start my new job that should be fairly time consuming for the next 6 months. What recommendations do you guys have that I could play in the next week. I have a good bit of time on my hands and won't again until December so I want to play something that I can sink my teeth into.  Games I've liked in the past:  Football Manager  Witcher 3  Dragon Age all of them  Newest Metal Gear  Civ 5  Mount and Blade  CK II  Stellaris  Victoria  FIFA  NBA 2k  Dragon's Dogma  ARK  WOW
[dayz]	I love sniping in games. It's almost always the best part of any game it's in. The problem is I've played all the sniping games I know of.   I've played:  * Sniper elite 2 and 3, zombie army.  * Sniper Ghost Warrior 2  * Battlefield Bad Comany 2, 3, vietnam, hardline, 4  * Verdun  * Red Orchestra 2  * Insurgency  * Fallout 3, New Vegas, 4.  * Far Cry 3, 4 and Primal (Bow snipes! so satisfying)  * I played Squad and Arma but found them very boring. I like a bit of realism like bullet drop and wind, but I still want to play a video game.  If anyone has any suggestions, it would be very appreciated!
[desktop dungeons]	I'm looking for a game I can play while at work. Here's the criteria:  - Can play on mute. Subtitles are fine.  - Can be alt-tabbed quickly, or can swap Windows 10 desktops back to work stuff quickly.  - Doesn't require mouse and keyboard at the same time.  - Can be played in short periods, or paused for long periods.  ****  **Background:**  I do circuit design and firmware programming. It's great work, but it gets tedious fast and I spend 5-10 minutes waiting on code to compile, PCBs to autoroute, or simulations to run.  I've been playing Civilization III, because it alt-tabs much smoother than Civilization V. I would be playing Zoo Tycoon (the original!) but it takes a good 3-5 seconds to tab back in on Windows 10.  Other games I've found fit the bill (but am bored of):  - Dark Echo  - SMBX  - Boson X  - LUFTRAUSERS  - Nidhogg (too intense, I get to deep into it)  - Super Meat Boy  - TIS-100 (too close to my actual job)  - SW Knights of the Old Republic II (poor alt-tabbing)  
[monster hunter generations]	I'm a major fan of the Final Fantasy Tactics Advance series (Tactics too but I can't remember if the learning system is the same as the Advance games.) where you equip things and can earn points to gain abilities from them.   I believe Final Fantasy 9 has a similar system but it's been a while since I've played it.  I've also played Final Fantasy 7 and liked the Materia system.  Path of Exile's skill gem system is another system I enjoy as well.  I would like to find and play more games with similar systems.   Any help would be appreciated!
[final fantasy 14]	Hey guys,  I'm looking for a MMO game to play with a couple of friends - and yes, it's not as easy as it seems to find a decent one ;)  Our main focus is endgame content and longtime motivation   What we've played so far and didn't work out or in some cases 'wore out':  WoW - ain't gonna touch this drug again! Diablo 3 - been playing since vanilla till season 6, maybe giving S7 a try,  Path of Exile - pretty much the same as D3 but inferior,  Borderlands 2 - finished with most dlc's,  Skyforge - played it for a while but didn't hook the rest of my friends,  SWTOR - worn out / can't convince my friends,  Guildwars 2 - worn out / can't convince my friends,  Black Desert online - read that it's a massive 'pay to win' / hard to convince my friends,  GTA 5 - I liked the heists but couldn't convince my friends to go buy it. I know they're choosy :L   maybe you guys have a hint for me what really is worth giving a try. I appreciate any suggestions  thanks in advance,
[hotline miami]	Hey, so first of all I would like to say that I'm not a very active member, so if I did something wrong please let me know. About the game: I don't have a specific game in my head but I would like to see some suggestions. I really games with more simplistic graphics (I don't really like first person game, prefer 2D games, quite like retro looking games), games where it takes ages to get to late game items (or skills), games where your character can evolve and get better. Some example I really like: Don't starve, Stardew valley, The curious expedition, Darkest dungeon, Guild of dungineering, Heroes 3&amp;4. Please recommend as many games as you can even if it's games that don't fit my description but you think it's worth recommending. (I would like to say more but it's already getting way too long, sorry)
[dnd]	I am getting sick and tired of all the indie rogue like games with RPG elements. Even though they are fun I am itching for something with some real progression to play with a friend. I remember there was an old Dungeons and Dragons game for the original Xbox and then one for PC many years ago that fit the bill. They both had same screen couch co-op and were ARPGs. Those really fit the bill but I can't seem to find anything like them anymore. I don't mind if the game is old I just want something that fits this bill.   Thanks in advance!
[battle brothers]	Hello guys. I'm (still) looking for sort of game of my dreams. Preferably cRPG-like, but not story-driven. So, something similar to Darklands or Daggerfall. Or, at least, Mount &amp; Blade. Join the guild, travel lands, complete quests, gain gear, and so on. Starbound with random quests is also nice example, but I don't get crafting etc.  Best regards   Ved  EDIT: I'm looking for less famous titles; I played lots of M&amp;B mods, all TES games, X3, Oolite, Vega Strike, Freelancer, Fallouts, most of roguelikes ever, Witcher games... Still not what I'm looking for.  EDIT2: No online games, I have really poor internet connection
[heroes of the storm]	Hey Everyone,  So I got a Loot Crate the other day that came with a DOTA2 mouse pad and the vast amount of characters caught my attention. So I did a little bit of research on the MOBA genre and I am intrigued. However, I work full time and live with a roommate so I am not ready to jump into a game that is going to devour my life. What would you all suggest as a MOBA that isn't time consuming on a daily basis, has a large selection of heroes/characters, and doesn't require a mic? Or is this genre not for me? Thanks.
[asura]	I am looking for the perfect game to deliver me from the oppressive mundanity of everyday life. Recommend something action packed that will make me feel as strong as a mountain. I have an Xbox 360, Wii, GameCube, 3DS, and a Macbook. As for some specifics, something like Dark Souls doesn't fit what I'm looking for because while you do feel like a God after beating a boss, the rest of the game makes you feel pretty insignificant, but past that, I don't have many reservations about the type of game. Also, as far as games that get suggested on this sub a lot go, I have Mount and Blade, and I'm not that into Skyrim, modded or otherwise.
[fallout 4]	Title. I'm able to get one of them, and I'd like to stick to one if possible. I'm looking for a game to play on and off for fun, not looking to get super addicted. I loved Fallout 3 as a kid, but I found that replaying Fallout 3 and New Vegas were boring.  Thanks! If anyone else has other gaming suggestions for casual games to play (doesn't have to be this style), please feel free to shoot :) Could be games in other categories like Warframe, Planetside 2, etc. My constraint is being a game that doesn't suck you in; playable casually.  Edit: Also considering buying Overwatch separately - any thoughts? 
[final fantasy: crystal chronicles, out there, gamecube, okami]	Back when I was a kid, I primarily played so called "action adventure" games, or "action platformers". I'm not sure if there's a more specific genre, but I loved Ratchet and Clank, Jak and Daxter, Kya Dark Lineage, and the original Spyro games.   Lately I've been playing through Zelda games and they are scratching that itch, but I was wondering what other "action adventure" games I should be playing. I'm about to be finishing Wind Waker, and I recently replayed Beyond Good and Evil so I'd be interested to know if there was anything similar I should be aware of?   More specific criteria:  * I'd prefer to play something for Gamecube or Wii (the original Wii), but I also have an Xbox One and Ps3.   * I'd greatly prefer something that's 3d, not a side scroller  * No Zelda. I already know about them and I've played a lot of them. (They're obviously great, and I'd take recommendations for Zelda clones, too).   
[europa universalis iv, hearts of iron iv, victoria 2, stellaris, stellaris, civ]	I'm looking for a PC game to "play" on my my second monitor while I watch Netflix or play Rocket League on my main monitor. When I say play, I mean run in the background and every once and awhile make adjustments as needed. Something like a classic 'god game' or similar to the examples below:  Something along the lines Crusader Kings 2 style of play, where the game progresses on it's own and asks for input every so often. The problem with CK2 is that it gets so complex it's hard to really get anywhere without paying attention to every little relationship and conquest going on.  Eve Online is another great example of what I'm looking for, in that you gain xp and level up not by accomplishing tasks but by spending time in game. My only real problem with EO is that it requires a subscription.  Any recommendations would be apprieciated.  Edit: title typo..
[nfs]	Somehow, I have a strange fixation that I enjoy games in modern cities much more than anything else. I've already played each Deus Ex games (and 4 full-length mods for the first one), NFS: Underground 2 and most recetnly Mirror's Edge.  Sadly, though, I can't find many games that can provide as much insight as these. Shadowrun is neither FPS or racing, the majority of other NFS games has barely anything to do with city environment, and games like Hitman, Max Payne, Mafia and even GTA are very rarely my cup of tea.  What else can you recommend? 
[euro truck simulator 2 , test drive unlimited, mad max ]	I have been looking for a game to zone out and just drive and drive and get to feel different kinds of vehicles.   I like being in a open world racing game like need for speed where you get to just drive and drift.  The thing is need for speed is getting quite boring, is all about car chases most terrain is similar, no very interesting if you aren't going at full speed, is more about reaction time and knowing how to drift and use the power ups.   I want to explore the world while driving, get to feel the car, knowing how it behaves and not having a lot of cars that are kind of similar that get kind of faster as you progress.  As a kid I would drive for hours in GTA, all the cars were basically the same, I got to understand there were two distinct types, the normal, standard ones and the fast ones. I want more complexity.  TL;DR: If you can drive a lot and explore a rich world, I want to know about it
[to the moon, rpg maker, rpg maker, oxenfree]	I am wiped out at the end of the day and cannot play anything that requires good timing - so no platformers, action RPGs, or stealth games.  However, I tend to prefer games with stories and deep worlds.  Any recommendations?  I'd prefer indie or less popular games as I already know/have played a lot of popular turn-based RPGs (esp SNES and PS/Vita) and adventure games.  A rec for a quality RPG Maker game or more gameplay/choice-heavy visual novel would be awesome, but I'm open.  Considering playing The Witness next.
[sins of a solar empire]	Just came away from Stellaris after playing for about 8 hours and only had one battle. Game is far too slow and complicated, even with a pretty fleshed out tutorial. Nothing seems to happen, it seems more like a storyteller than a strategy game.   Games I've played:  * FTL  * Stellaris  * I think I've tried Civilization before. Turn based? Found it kind of slow too.   * Homeworld. Played it ages ago. It was okay, though I don't recall big battles.  I guess I'm looking for a game that lets you form alliances, build fleets and conquer galaxies. But they all seem to be either too slow to get going, too AFK, too complicated or in the case of classic games: too old-looking.    About to give Sins of a Solar Empire: Rebellion a try. Any other recommendations? 
[dwarf fortress]	Hi, I've recently started Skyrim and was put off by the fact that 90% of the game is focused on fighting. What I really enjoyed, though, was the exploration, the feeling of freedom, the lore and the fantasy setting.  That got me thinking, are there any open-world(ish) fantasy games that are **not focused on fighting**? Maybe something like King's Quest games, but in 3D? I'd love a game that has little to **no statistics**, leveling etc. and instead is **focused on story, characters, decisions (non-linear story), and free exploration of a big open fantasy world**.  Thanks for any help :)  ps. preferably not for top-shelf pc
[strategy games]	I like playing in bed while I fall asleep, yet hate having to manage the placement of my keyboard. Also I normally am not in to a demanding game right before sleep.  I got in to clicker heroes for a bit, yet not really in to a game that doesn't need me to play it. I have recently started one called HeroZero on facebook/steam, yet the wait times for anything other than PVP is kinda lame. Also I only have so much energy/training points allowed per  do love the  not the bedtime game i was looking for.  I like the point and lick method of play, yet still want a game there like with HeroZero. Adventure capitalist and clickerheros are weirdly  I spend more time battling thoughts of it being pointless then enjoying it.   I want to be able to play till I wish to stop for the night, with no limits. I don't want an idle game at all, yet like the management features. purchase upgrades for better performance, and stuff like that.  I like survival games, and resource management . rimworld, stardew, this war of mine and it's  I have played all the popular ones on steam.   I know  it's not  really I just want a good point and click game, that is not stupid. No games that play themselves, or feel as fi they were designed for people to slow to play real  no Neo Scavenger, as fuck that sadistic shit that just wants to watch me die over and over lol.
[cities skylines, just cause 3 , sim city]	Hey guys,   I see too often people on here and other gaming subreddits, people talking about games and how they are a bit tired of them. Where they are kinda not in the mood for an intense story or gameplay. So I thought about making a list of casual games to review to suggest to you all that kinda fits nicely in when you are feeling this way.   I'm only four games deep into my list, but 4 is a good number to start off suggesting.  Here are the games and their reviews and my suggestions and thoughts on why you should buy these games.    [Viscera Clean Up Detail](https://  [Jazzpunk](https://  [The Beginners Guide](https://  [Naissancee](https://
[monster hunter, fire emblem]	My brother is bedbound for a few weeks after having surgery and asked to borrow my 3DS while he is, which isn't a problem for me because I don't use it often. I'd like to get him set up with a game (or a few games) that he would really enjoy, but I mostly game on PC so I'm not terribly familiar with the Nintendo world.   He mostly plays on the xbox, he loves Skyrim and GTA 5. Any suggestions of games to get him for the 3DS? Maybe something medieval fantasy, or open world, or anything like that?   Right now I have quite a few games, hitting all the major titles (pokemon, smash, animal crossing, mario kart, etc), so he'll be able to play all those no problem. 
[dungeon of the endless]	So I'm really enjoying Renowned Explorers: International Society and have put 20+ hours in it so far. I'm getting a little bored though and would love a similar yet new experience if possible. PC if possible but I can also go with 3DS, GCN, Wii and Wii U (though I have a considerable library on both and doubt a lot of suggestions will be things I haven't already thought of before). Has to be 2D and fairly undemanding since my computer is dying and hates 3D gaming with a passion right now.  There are a lot of things I like about Renowned Explorers: International Society. I really like being able to start with a new group of character when I die, I love picking out characters based on their stats and their skills. I'm okay with a non roguelite suggestion though. I'm not usually a huge story person, I do tend to prefer the theme be strong and I can use my imagination some.  I like the characters and art style a lot too, I like the distinctive theme. I like that it's challenging but not especially so, I don't like being trapped permanently by poor decisions. Darkest Dungeon was a consideration since the theme and general gameplay appeal to me but I think it's too unforgiving for my tastes.   I like that the actual combat system is fairly simple and the complexity is more in the decisions in stats and resource gathering/using. I would rather lose because I'm being stupid or even luck then struggling with the controls. I just don't tend to relax or enjoy myself if I'm focusing on controls instead of gameplay.  Also I have Rogue Legacy and enjoyed it so it's not a viable suggestion here.  Anyway, I appreciate any suggestions you have, even if they don't fit all the criteria. I'm sure I'll have some of the suggestions but maybe it'll give me incentive to replay a few games in my gaming library.
[rollercoaster tycoon, prison architect, cities skylines, age of empires, caesar iv, simcity 4, factorio, tropico, aoe]	Hey,  I haven't played computer games in a long  I used to enjoy things like Age of Empires or Command and Conquer when I was a kid. I'm wonderijng if there's anything like that out now, especially anything that may is more historically accurate/relevant or less "warlike". I know it may sound lame, but I enjoyed the progression of collecting materials and building structures, and always found the fact that I had to go to war...annoying.  Hope that makes sense, Thank you!   EDIT: Thank you all for the awesome recommendations! I'll check them out! 
[stardew valley , factorio]	I enjoy almost all genre of games and I'm looking for something that I can play and waste days doing it. Not really looking for 4X space although I know it's an easy answer. Something infinite woulds be great. I've clocked in 999:99 in Pokemon Blue and a few thousand hours playing Minecraft/FTB.      I greatly appreciate any replies. I'm going "offline" for almost 6 months and I'm looking to get a single game or two that will last me.      A few games I've played into the dirt include Diablo, Pokemon, Minecraft, Dungeon Defenders, Elite Dangerous, and X3.
[cookie and cream]	Too cut a long story short an old friend of mine is not doing to well and is currently staying at a mental health hospital. We go back a long way and the thing that we became friends over was video games, we use to go around to each others houses after school and play games like ff7-9, mgs2, GTA: vice city, tekken 3, crash bandicoot, resident evil 1-3, etc. Now alot of those I will be already bringing on my ps2 but I wanted to find some co-op games in the style where we could play together to beat a campaign say. Does anyone know of some good co-op ps2/ps1 games I can buy to take with me when I go see him? Maybe is not the right thing to do but i just want to cheer him up a bit and play some games together like old times 
[10 games]	I have dropped hundreds of hours into various MLB The Show titles. I find myself actually playing the actual game of baseball less and less and will instead focus on running the team; making trades, bringing prospects up from the minors, etc. I am thinking of getting another game with similar gameplay but which is the best? If MLB The Show is the best, which year? I don't care about how current the rosters are as I play into the 2030's and everyone currently playing is long since retired. I've played Madden games and it does have this element but it's not as deep as MLB The Show. What would you recommend? American Football, baseball or basketball only please.
[star wars empire at war, sins of a solar empire, sins of a solar empire, this game, homeworld]	I don't play much RTS these days but I love games like command&amp;conquer zero hour, age of empires II and age of mythology.  But I can't play competitively simply because I suck at being fast at them, I guess. I think winning boils down to who clicks things fastest, like those korean players.   Last time I played a RTS game was a few years ago, back when AOEII was released on steam. I played online with some dude and while I was still on the feudal age he was in the castle age and in no time he was building fucking archer towers in my gates. Maybe those are not games for me... I really enjoy making progress, researching things in the tech tree, slowly making my army. I would stick to playing against the AI but it's always like one difficulty level is too dumb, the next one is too hard.  Is there such a thing as an RTS game that winning or losing is not just based on pure speed? A more "relaxed" RTS. 
[crusader kings 2]	**Hello!**     I'm looking for a strategy game (4X, Business Simulation, I don't mind as long as it has some kind of strategic focus) with a decent relation system and consequences involved. If I ignore a trade request, I'd like them to remember that the next time I ask for a favor. If I end up killing their cousins, I'd like them to remember that. I'd like a decent system akin to this. One example would be Civilization V, but I always hated no matter how friendly you were, they're always ready to stab you in the back. If you're helping an ally or insulting them, I'd like it to have a long-lasting effect, or any kind of effect for that matter. 
[eve online]	Hi all. Since graduating college and finding myself with a bit more free time than before, I have been looking for a fun MMO to come back to as a default when I'm not feeling other genres.  My problem is that just about every MMO I have played has been an extremely loose storyline held together by "Run to X location and kill Y enemies", which you accomplish with hardly more than button mashing. NeverWinter and WildStar are the two I have most recently tried that are both very fun, but in my eyes both fall hard into this category. I haven't really fallen into an MMO since the Runescape glory days - my favorite thing about it was I could play it a completely different way each time I logged in. I could spend the whole day working on stats or questing and never even swing a sword, or I could experience the terrifying thrill of PVP in the deep wild.   So besides starting a new character on OldSchoolRS (which I don't think would bring the same thrill it did years ago), do any other MMOs come to mind that offer varied gameplay mechanics with lots of stats or ability training, and a focus on exploration that isn't always combat driven? Thank you in advance for helping me find my latest gaming addiction!
[dark cloud 2]	I played Assassins Creed and I absolutely loved it.  I don't really enjoy collecting things like feathers, statues, paintings etc. etc. but AC 2 made it fun by displaying it in your villa. The villa also has a small town which is dirty and gloomy in the beginning, but gets beautiful and idyllic as you upgrade it, which gave me a sense of satisfaction.  I put the money into this town, and now it looks beautiful.  edit:  Fuck, there are already topics like that, sorry. Links for interested:  https://  https://  Or just type in town/base and search this subreddit.
[dragon's dogma: dark arisen]	So recently I've really been craving an Action JRPG. I haven't played a ton of them, but I really want to run around and beat shit up with a sword right now! I'm in the mood for a pretty specific sort of game, though...   #**Must-Haves**  * *Good Combat* - Obviously, with an action RPG, combat is important. I'm definitely not looking for anything similar to Dark Souls, but not also not "mash X to win" either. As long as it is enjoyable, has at least a little depth, and keeps me coming back for hours, I'm down.  * *Character Progression* - I want to be stuck playing this game for hours. Whether it's leveling to 99+, grinding for the best gear, or maxing out all of the classes, I am looking for a game that offers the opportunity and even encourages you to invest a lot of time in your character.  * *"Post-Game Content"* - So by this, I mean I don't want to be limited by a story. If there is a story, I would like to be able to continue playing afterwards, to max out my character like I talked about in my last point. Post-game dungeons, bosses, whatever it is, as long as it adds replayability and longevity to the game, that's what I'm looking for.  * *Swords* - Like I said at the beginning, I want to be able to use a sword. Dunno why, but I do! Other weapon types and play styles are a plus, but I've definitely gotta have me some swords.   #**Big Plusses**  * *World* - If I'm going to be playing this game for a long time, it definitely helps to be able to be really sucked in by the world. If that means it's open world, semi-open world, rich in lore, or whatever, if it helps the player get sucked in, that's definitely a big plus for me.   #**Good, but not required**  * *Story* - Stories help keep me interested in games. It doesn't even have to be a good one. As long as it adds content to the game, stories are always good for me.  * *Character customization* - Definitely not a requirement, as a lot of story based games don't allow you to do this, but I enjoy being able to customize my character.  * *Equippable items* - Again, not a requirement, but I really love it when equipped items change your appearance to resemble what you have equipped.  * *System* - While I would prefer the game to be on the PC, PS4, or 3DS, there is no system that is off-limits!    So with that, I think that's about it! If I'll think of anything else, I'll edit this post. I've heard good things about the Tales, Star Ocean, and Monster Hunter series, but I honestly don't know where to start when it comes to Action JRPGs, so please, let me know which ones you enjoy! :)
[splinter cell, chaos theory, james bond, james bond, deus ex]	I'm on an espionage bender right now and want to play a few games to match my book/TV/movie choices right now and I'm looking for something I might not have tried before. I'm not really picky about the type of game, and so long as graphics aren't so awful you can't look past them I'm fine with it.  Games I have played that do a great job or are at least close (and I can remember right now) are: Deus Ex (original, Invisible war, and Human Revolution), Spycraft: the Great Game, No One Lives Forever (and the sequel Spy in 's Way), Alpha Protocol, Invisible Inc., and Gunpoint
[enter the gungeon, friendly fire, helldivers, helldivers, broforce, magicka]	Hello gamingsuggestions, I'm having a bit of trouble finding what I'm looking for.   I've got a reasonably high end pc and I'm a lifetime gamer. I never set a game on normal difficulty unless it's known for being hard and I'm just there for the story. I'm one of those that thinks most modern games are too easy. I want to play couch co-op with my girlfriend.   My girlfriend is a casual gamer. She could probably pick up on a more difficult game if she played it for a while.  What kind of options do we have for PC? I will play something easy, but it doesn't seem like there are a ton of options out there. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * EDIT: Thanks for all the suggestions guys! I think a few of these might be a little (some a lot) above her level, but it's a pretty difficult situation because our skill levels are so mismatched. I do play with some gamer buddies though so I will end up checking out all of these.  I am definitely open to any couch competitive games too while we're at it! Mostly what I'm looking for is firing up games in the typical "console" fashion - grab a couple of controllers and game on the big screen TV.  Here is a list of what's been suggested:  Helldivers  Magicka  Broforce  Enter the Gungeon  Earth Defense Force   Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light  Portal 2  Trine 2  Divinity Original Sin  Castle Crashers  Battleblock Theatre  Rocket League  Gang Beasts  Rayman Legends  Lovers in a dangerous spacetime  Spelunky  Any LEGO game  Shift Happens  Project Zomboid  Moonshot 
[fictorum]	Hello! Some weeks ago i've seen an amazing game, combining magic and stuff like that. No, it was not Lichdome Battlemage, it was something else, something newer. I've been looking for the last couple of hours in this sub, but couldn't find it, i only know which games it wasn't - and it wasn't (fully) released.  It was not:  Arx Fatalis  Two Worlds (1,2)  Magicka (1,2)  Lichdome Battlemage  Skyrim (or Mod, or any other TES game)  Magicmaker  Ziggurat  Son of Nor  Dragon's Dogma (or Dark Arisen)  Dark Messiah of Might and Magic   I appreciate all your efforts to help me,  sincerely Sephi 
[the walking dead, stardew valley, little inferno, rocket league, squarecells, mass effect, bejeweled 3, the sims 3, hexcells, fifa 15, peggle]	My mom used to play those playstation 2 sports games, and she always loved those, but eventually she had to sell playstation. Now she just recently bought a new computer* and I'd like to show her some of the newer sports games, but since I don't enjoy those I'm doing my best to find games that she would like, and that her computer can run. She also found fantasy or other fiction games and genres to be very weird, mainly because she never played these kinds of games, but still, she said I could show her some new genres and some new games and she will see if she enjoys them.  What would you guys suggest for and older gamer such as herself? Both sports games and rpg, strategy or other genres? She doesn't know a lot about video games and still has some trouble with the computer, so it would be best for games that are easier to pick up.   * Computer specs: Processor: Intel Core 2 Quad  Memory: 4Gb RAM Video card: Nvidia 550ti ( or maybe it was another video card from the 500 series, I'm not sure) OS: Windows 7 x64 
[dragon's dogma: dark arisen, shadow of the colossus , shadowrun: dragonfall, devil may cry, hand of fate, mass effect, mass effect, dark souls, this game, hong kong, card game]	Hello, I need some new RPG to fill my interest and time in. I would like to try WoW again as a MMORPG, but can't because it's too time-consuming with the university (I am mostly interested in raiding there.)  Some RPGs I have played: - Bloodborne (completed, loved it) - Dark Souls 1/2 (both still not done, dunno why they aren't hitting me the same way as Bloodborne, they feel too poor compared to it) - Mass Effect trilogy (loved it) - Dragon Age 1, 2 and Inquisition (still got some Inquisition DLC left behind, might try to do them some time) - Witcher 2, 3 (I haven't done the two DLC expansions yet, something's wrong with my brain I guess) - Deus Ex: Human Revolution - Diablo 3  - Torchlight 2 (loved it when it got released, super fun doing world first runs) - Bioshocks  - Borderlands (eeeh, was fun the first time playing through, couldn't stand trying to play it second time through) - Dishonored - Fallout 3, New Vegas, 4  - Skyrim  - Shadow of Mordor I also loved the new Wolfenstein and DOOM, and there are many games that I also loved playing, but these are the ones that come to my mind. Games that didn't hit me that well: - Wasteland 2 - Pillars of Eternity - Mad Max
[pcs]	I currently have a PC gaming rig I built myself in my office. Recently though I've talked my wife into playing co op with me on our wii u in the living room. We've been having a blast and I think she's starting to enjoy it more and more. I'm interested in gaming on PC with her though for obvious reasons ( better games etc..)  I was thinking about building her a PC ( mostly upgrading my PC parts and piecing together my old parts into a new rig lol)   I would prefer to game in the living room. Not sure if I should stream to the living room or just have both rigs in there.   How do you have your gaming center set up?  Would love some suggestions! Thanks!   
[wolfenstein: the new order, world of warcraft, league of legends, to be on top, overwatch, overwatch, overwatch, starcraft, game on, ff7]	*Full disclosure: I work for Slant, the site linked throughout this post.*  Hi, I'm building a community-run review site that I hope might be useful to everyone here. And if you don't mind I'd like to show it off to you today. :)   There are no ads, no promo deals, no selling of user data, no stuff like that. It's also a bit different from other review sites in that it mixes a Q&amp;A format with a wiki-like, every-user-can-edit-everything approach.   Allowing everyone to edit allows for reviews that combine the knowledge of the whole community. And the Q&amp;A format allows you to ask very specific questions to find games that match your tastes exactly.  The site's still young and we're figuring out the details and how everything fits together, but I'm pretty sure we're on the right track. So I thought it would be a good time to share it with more people. Sooo....  I thought the best way of showing off the site might be with questions about Steam games. So I compiled a few:  - [Co-Op](https:// - [Indie](https:// - [Story Rich](https:// - [Action](https:// - [Space Sim](https:// - [Strategy](https:// - [Kickstarter](https:// - [Casual](https:// - [4X](https:// - [VR](https:// - [Singleplayer](https:// - [Hand-drawn](https:// - [With Perma Death](https:// - [Multiplayer](https:// - [Adventure](https:// - [Racing](https:// - [With a Great Soundtrack](https:// - [Atmospheric](https:// - [Open World](https:// - [Puzzle](https:// - [Turn-Based](https:// - [Horror](https:// - [Sci-fi](https:// - [Shooter](https:// - [FPS](https:// - [2D](https:// - [Point &amp; Click](https:// - [Fantasy](https:// - [With a Female Protagonist](https:// - [Massively Multiplayer](https:// - [First-Person](https:// - [Platformer](https:// - [Sandbox](https:// - [Funny](https:// - [Difficult](https:// - [Survival](https:// - [Classic](https:// - [With Pixel Graphics](https:// - [Third Person](https:// - [Family Friendly](https:// - [Sports](https:// - [With Zombies](https:// - [Arcade](https:// - [Retro](https:// - [Online Co-Op](https:// - [Space](https:// - [Exploration](https:// - [Tactical](https:// - [With Controller Support](https:// - [Local Co-Op](https:// - [Action RPG](https:// - [Realistic](https:// - [Rogue-like](https:// - [RTS](https:// - [Educational](https:// - [Turn-Based Strategy](https:// - [Local Multiplayer](https:// - [Cute](https:// - [Stealth](https:// - [Walking Simulator](https:// - [Physics](https:// - [Based on a Movie](https:// - [Survival Horror](https:// - [Psychological Horror](https:// - [Shoot 'Em Up](https:// - [Historical](https:// - [Third-Person Shooter](https:// - [Building](https:// - [Dark](https:// - [Crafting](https:// - [Hack and Slash](https:// - [RPGMaker](https:// - [Mystery](https:// - [PvP](https:// - [Post-apocalyptic](https:// - [Hidden Object](https:// - [Fast-Paced](https:// - [War](https:// - [MMORPG](https:// - [Tower Defense](https:// - [Fighting](https:// - [Puzzle-Platformer](https:// - [Side Scroller](https:// - [Music](https:// - [Management](https:// - [World War II](https:// - [Action-Adventure](https:// - [With Great Character Customization](https:// - [Medieval](https:// - [Beat 'em up](https:// - [Top-Down](https:// - [Competitive](https:// - [Bullet Hell](https:// - [Military](https:// - [Isometric](https:// - [Procedural Generation](https:// - [Futuristic](https:// - [Dark Fantasy](https:// - [Trains](https:// - [Dungeon Crawler](https:// - [Cyberpunk](https:// - [Crime-Themed](https:// - [Colorful](https:// - [Party-Based RPG](https:// - [Team-Based](https:// - [Relaxing](https:// - [Robots](https:// - [Parkour](https:// - [Driving](https:// - [With TrackIR support](https:// - [Grand Strategy](https:// - [4 Player Local](https:// - [Rogue-lite](https:// - [Aliens](https:// - [Magic](https:// - [Metroidvania](https:// - [City Builder](https:// - [MOBA](https:// - [With a Level Editor](https:// - [Flight](https:// - [Steampunk](https:// - [Base-Building](https:// - [Where Choices Matter](https:// - [Card Game](https:// - [Board Game](https:// - [Moddable](https:// - [With Dark Humor](https:// - [Surreal](https:// - [Remakes](https:// - [Twin Stick Shooter](https:// - [Turn-Based Combat](https:// - [With Multiple Endings](https:// - [Turn-Based Tactics](https:// - [Detective](https:// - [Loot](https:// - [3D Platformer](https:// - [Cult Classic](https:// - [Arena Shooter](https:// - [Top-Down Shooter](https:// - [Dystopian](https:// - [Touch-Friendly](https:// - [Episodic](https:// - [Stylized](https:// - [With Demons](https:// - [With Mechs](https:// - [Cartoony](https:// - [Minimalist](https:// - [](https:// - [Lovecraftian](https:// - [With Dragons](https:// - [Experimental](https:// - [Match 3](https:// - [Ninja](https:// - [Interactive Fiction](https:// - [Noir](https:// - [Superhero](https:// - [Wargame](https:// - [Linear](https:// - [Split Screen](https:// - [Rhythm](https:// - [Voxel](https:// - [Assassin](https:// - [Comic Book](https:// - [Strategy RPG](https:// - [Set in Alternate History](https:// - [With Quick-Time Events](https:// - [Vampire-Themed](https:// - [e-sports](https:// - [GameMaker](https:// - [Cartoon](https:// - [Cinematic](https:// - [Satirical](https:// - [America-Themed](https:// - [Hex Grid](https:// - [With Great Gun Customization](https:// - [Abstract](https:// - [Gothic](https:// - [Heist](https:// - [Western](https:// - [CRPG](https:// - [Crowdfunded](https:// - [Trading Card Game](https:// - [Supernatural](https:// - [Parody](https:// - [Trading](https:// - [Tactical RPG](https:// - [Psychedelic](https:// - [Class-Based](https:// - [Based On A Novel](https:// - [Score Attack](https:// - [With a Villain Protagonist](https:// - [Time Travel](https:// - [Real Time Tactics](https:// - [Warhammer 40K](https:// - [Cold War](https:// - [With a Co-Op Campaign](https:// - [FMV](https:// - [Character Action](https:// - [Swordplay](https:// - [Martial Arts](https:// - [Politics](https:// - [Agriculture](https:// - [Dark Comedy](https:// - [Underwater](https:// - [With Grid-Based Movement](https:// - [Clicker](https:// - [Political](https:// - [Sniper](https:// - [With Bullet Time](https:// - [Set in Rome](https:// - [With a Silent Protagonist](https:// - [Runner](https:// - [With Conspiracies](https:// - [Time Manipulation](https:// - [Offroad Racing](https:// - [Mythology-Themed](https:// - [With Dynamic Narration](https:// - [Philisophical](https:// - [With Horses](https:// - [On-Rails Shooter](https:// - [Mining](https:// - [Mars-Themed](https:// - [Fishing](https:// - [Time Attack](https:// - [Lara Croft](https:// - [Diplomacy](https:// - [Typing](https:// - [Chess](https:// - [Batman](https:// - [Short](https:// - [Lore-Rich](https:// - [LEGO](https:// - [Spectacle Fighter](https:// - [With Great Narration](https:// - [Star Wars](https:// - [With Lots of Replay Value](https:// - [With Music-Based Procedural Generation](https:// - [Science-Themed](https:// - [With Transhumanism Themes](https:// - [With Asynchronous Multiplayer](https:// - [Programming](https://  So, yeah, would love to hear everyone's thoughts on it and if you would find something like this useful.
[worms world party, great party games, worms armageddon]	Me and my friends are making a studio and I am providing my old PC. When we get bored with making music we would like to play some games. Suggest anything that can be played 1 v 1 or 2 v 2, mostly fighting, racing and sports games, but anything is welcome, something that rotates the controller semi quickly. Not looking for co op games because there's 8 of us. Keep in mind that my PC is god awful, I wasn't able to play San Andreas at max settings, Psychonauts worked poorly, NFS Most Wanted min to mid settings, etc. Basically anything up to the PS3 and Xbox 360 era. I dont know my specs exactly but I know that it has 2GB RAM and an integrated graphics card.
[valiant hearts: the great war]	I really loved Spec ops: The line. A game that truly explored the implications of war. I also really loved Valkyria Chronicles. Maybe not as grim as Spec Ops: The Line, but it captured the essence of a local war, being fought in small cities by real people.  I don't mind if it's a tactical game like Valkyria Chronicles, or a more shooter-oriented game like Spec Ops or even COD4 - it can be anything :) I even heard that Operation Flashpoint might be what I'm looking for - would you guys agree? Edit: Forget to mention, that I own and Xbox One, Wii U, the whole of last generation, plus I am in the midst of buying parts for assembling a high-end PC. :) Wow, you guys have given me so much, I don't even know where to start! Thank you all very much! :) 
[starbound, minecraft, factorio]	First game I tried was Witcher 3, and it was not my cup of tea. There is just an overwhelming amount of shit and the story just drags on and on. Since I returned it on steam I got Far Cry Primal instead and I'm loving it (about 40% through currently). If you can't tell, I go for more of the sand box/free roam games because I like the ability to choose what I can do. I do like the occasional MMO RPG but not always. It's hit or miss. I prefer the borderlands/ dying light type games especially where I can mod stuff.   Which brings me to my second question. I'm curious about what games have the best mods. I've heard GTA V has some great ones (haven't played it yet surprisingly). I'm curious what other games are out there where I can mod the shit out of anything.. you know, like when halo 2 was actually fun with flying turrets and pistols that shoot rockets.   Current specs because why not:  ASUS GeForce GTX STRIX 1060 | intel i3 3770 | 16 GB DDR3  Also forgot to mention I'm playing on a 25 inch LG Ultrawide monitor. So any games that are compatible with ultra wide are a definite plus. Thanks in advance. 
[state of decay, dead state, gta]	Hey everyone. I recently finished playing State of Decay on the Xbox One and I loved many aspects of that game. I loved searching for supplies and clearing out areas. I really, really liked building and upgrading a home base as well. It was so satisfying to see actual results for my work, such as a new crop farm or guard tower. So long story short, do any of you guys have recommendations for similar games? It doesn't have to be a zombie game but I just really liked upgrading a home base and pushing out into the city to claim ground. 
[starfighter, ace combat, all games, hawx]	Xpost from /r/ pcgaming  Hi, I recently purchased an XB271HU and have discovered Star Wars Starfighter on Steam. (OK, I know, the two don't correlate, but please bare with me...). I started playing this admittedly horribly dated game, but for some reason, this game, which took up a quarter of my monitors real estate, had me hooked. I love the KB and Mouse dogfighting gameplay, and appreciate its simplicity. So, I would like to know, shying away from games like Ace Combat, which I think would benefit from a flightstick, what games on Steam would match my love and desire for this gameplay, and at the same time allow me to utilize my new display? I would like some recommendations please.  Cheers
[europa universalis, strategy games, no man's sky, factorio]	Hey! I'm looking for a single player PC game that I could play for 150+ hours and still enjoy it (counting multiple replays if the game has good replay value).. I'm looking for pretty modern games so perhaps 2009+ too. From games that I have put over 100 hours into I have played all Bethesda games, Deus Ex: HR, Phantom Pain, Dark souls 1-3, Pillars of Eternity, Divinity Original Sin, Civ 5.. Do you know any other single player PC games that many people stick with for a long time ? (I think the best examples of such games could be Skyrim and Civ5)
[don't starve together]	Highest priority from left to lowest on right. What games will fit this? Most replayable games I find tend to be pvp, if not diablo but it isn't considered replayable if every "mission" is basically just farming items and leveling for the sake of it. Starcraft coop mission is good for this but doesn't last eventually, already burned out after nothing new can be done there so it isn't replayable. Battleborn story is same despite different character dialogue. I can think of guild wars for now, but I would like other options.
[stardew valley]	TLDR; any games like farmville?   talking  40+ trying to keep my grandma entertained with a game. she likes her online bingo, but thats gambling. and a habit she cannot afford.  recently gotten her into farmville. she likes it. but the game is simply too laggy and so much in-game advertisement. i feel it harms her enjoyment of the game.   is there any game which isnt too taxing on PC requirements or better optimized than farmville, IE a downloadable version of farmville without all the in-game ads would be perfect.  she can't handle a click intensive game. hurts her hands   open to suggestions to games outside the farming/waiting genre.
[take down]	Admittedly, I have played Hearthstone ever since Naxx came out, so I haven't actually taken a noticeable break from the game yet. However, while it may be a bit early to react with the newest expansion coming soon, the toxicity of a lot of the community at the reveals are starting to grind on me.  Not necessarily saying I want to rage quit the whole thing, but I admittedly haven't really heard of any good games for android devices other than it. So I just wanna ask if there is anything I can try out to take a step or two away from Hearthstone, just to have a breath of fresh air and a better perspective of the game.  It doesn't necessarily have to be a card game or even with multiplayer. What I would probably want the most though is something that can have a lot of time sunk into it with visible progression, and/or a community that isn't as toxic, and can even be passionate and constructive about the game.  (One more thing, if it is for PC, it preferably shouldn't be too graphically intense. I am mostly working with a laptop.)
[alien isolation, be good, soma ]	So, for starters, I am a total noob.  I've never been a gamer, per  using terminology like "gamer" and "noob" makes me feel like a fuckin loser and totally out of place lol ) when I was younger, I was into stuff like mortal kombat and killer instinct,  but, I suppose that's mostly because I was a lucky button masher. I really enjoyed mario kart and crash bandicoot, and of course, the old school stuff like nes super mario bros. and tetris/dig dug/centipede/pac man, etc. (my brother worked at supertrack, an arcade, in Houston) for the most part though, I never really got into the first person shooter/action- adventure mission type games that are associated with my generation.  Honestly, I think it's because I have zero hand-eye coordination and if I'm not good at something right away I tend to get discouraged. But my SO has a million and one games on his steam account and I found one called dead by daylight and fell in love. Until now, I had never even attempted playing a pc game. (I'm fully aware of my lack of coordination) if I wasn't any good with a hand held controller how the fuck was I supposed to navigate a keyboard?! BUT, I took a leap of faith and now I've become completely engulfed by this killer/survivor action adventure role play. Maybe it's the horror movie lover in me, but it really has gotten my attention. I played for a good 2 hours earlier and although I'm still shit at it, I found myself really having a good time. Yelling/cursing at the monitor and moving my entire body to gauge my characters movement has got me feeling something comfortably nostalgic. My inquiry is, what other games do you think I'd like?! My SO suggests what he likes, but I'm not good at a lot of the things he enjoys, so if any other noobies or DbD fans can point me toward more user friendly pc games for beginners, I'd love to explore my options! I love and trust the reddit community and look forward to any commentary! 
[rimworld]	I enjoy getting attached to randomly generated NPC's/Characters, and would like a simulation/management/tycoon sort of game where I can do this. In the past I have enjoyed games like XCOM and FTL where you get people in your team you can build up/power up, but I do not want a game with combat as the only way to interact with them. I like the village building aspect in games like Minecraft, but dislike the inability to keep track of which NPC is which, and the replaceable nature of the NPC's. I like the idea of city creation games, but from what I have seen not a lot of them have the RPG sort of aspect I am looking at where you can build up or train one NPC that you like.  One game I am looking at is Rimworld, which I hear has the NPC micromanagement and interactions that I am looking for. Storytelling out of otherwise random events/characters.  Any other suggestions for games where I can become attached to the NPC's and sort of make up a mental story for what is going on?  Edit: Massive Chalice is exactly the sort of game I was looking for, XCOM gameplay, with a lot more out of combat things to do with the characters, and the bloodlines thing just increases it.
[overwatch]	Hello everyone, I am in need of some game recommendations and I was hoping you guys could help.   **Background:**  I am an undergrad student who has to put in, lets say, most of his waking hours into studying.   **Requirement:**  Games that could help me refresh/reboot myself after some hours of studying. 20 to 30 minutes of playtime (60 mins in worst case) is what I am going for.  **Games that somewhat worked:**       - Quake III Arena - Fifa 2012 - Counter Strike - Unreal Tournament 3 - Street Fighter 4  These games were good for this specific purpose as I was able to wrap-up a session in 20-30 minutes. However, I wasn't very "refreshed" after.   **Games that didn't:**  - Skyrim :(  Made the mistake of playing Skyrim as way to rejuvenate myself. It ended badly almost every time. I would end up playing the game for 4-5 hours continuously.   **"There are other ways to refresh yourself, why are you going for gaming?"**  I understand that the internet is full of ways of half hour rejuvenation techniques, and, well, none of them involves playing a video game. Unfortunately, I am going through a phase were I have a godawful hard-on for gaming and its difficult to just ignore it. I hope that some of you might have gone through this (or not) and would have some good game recommendations.   **Platform:**  - Windows - Android 
[warframe, ragnarok, phobos]	Hey folks, I'm currently playing League of Legends, Overwatch and CS:GO, but I play all those competitively, because it's the only way I find it fun, however this requires me to focus alot.  Back in the day, when I wanted to watch a stream or TV while playing something relaxing, I would log onto my WoW account, but there's literally nothing to do there now. So basically I'm looking for a game like WoW, a game I can chill with, with a lot of different options within the game, whether I want to level or grind or do pvp.  Any suggestions? Doesn't have to be MMORPG, actually I probably won't put enough effort into learning a new MMORPG, but it would be nice if it had nice graphics (aka not runescape) and could potentially have a high skillcap.  Thanks for any suggestions :)
[terraria ]	I am currently playing Witcher 3, and one thing is bothering me a lot in that game:  Level heavily affects HP, Damage and "Armor", and creatures that are supposed to be equal (2 humans for example), have vast amounts of power difference.  For example a level 35 human, is completely invulnerable to a level 5 human, the level 5 human can even bomb, shoot bolts, stab completely through, etc... the level 35 human, and nothing happen.  So basically, your character become "superman" over time.  This cause DBZ-style power inflation and immersion breaking, for example I had missions where I was overlevelled, where everyone complained of some ancient super dangerous creature, that I one-shotted.  Similarly, missions where I was underlevelled, and I was to kill some "trivial" thing, and it took 30 minutes of button mashing to slowly chip away 10000hp with attacks that did 20 of damage.  So, any games, systems, etc... where this DOESN'T happen? That level, XP, whatever, results in more flexibility, or badassery, etc... without making higher-level people/creatures invulnerable demigods?  Ie: a game where a human is a human, where a level 9999 human is the same human as a level 1 human, just very experienced, but not a being that requires you to throw him on a blackhole to kill (like... Final Fantasy 7, where in the final battle people are literally hurling planets and stars at each other...)
[timeline, pick up]	Most games that advertise themselves as murder mystery or detective games are silly puzzles where all you have to do is click around, or the answer is given to you on a silver platter while you dick around for no reason, or the mystery gets solved as part of the story and you're just there to aim a gun and kill the millions of mindless bad guys.  I really just want a crime and some clues. I want to decide where to go, who to interrogate, what clues I deem important. Somebody who lies and preferably not made painfully obvious.  I want a challenge.  I'm open to platform and style. 3D AAA open world giant that I just haven't heard of, or interactive fiction, I don't really mind. I just want to use my brain.  I've been looking for this for ages - it's sort of my white whale of gaming. I'm not even sure if I believe it exists anymore. On the other hand, given how much people seem to love crime thriller books, movies and murder mystery TV series, not to mention characters like Sherlock Holmes and Jason Bourne, and how much everyone would love to be these people, I can't believe it doesn't exist, either.
[7 days to die]	I'm looking for a single player or co-op game (*not* large online game like DayZ or Rust) where I have to survive in a desolate world, urban or otherwise, and gather resources needed to keep myself alive and defended.   I want to hunker down like Robert Neville from I Am Legend in a house/base and defend it against the zombies/vampires/monsters/etc. that might come try to get me. I want to gather food and maybe go hunting for it, as well as getting other survival gear and crafting makeshift things. I want a genuine sense of danger while I try to survive.  There have been so many post apocalyptic survival games lately that I can't bring myself to sort through all of them on my own so I'm asking if anyone knows of a game that feels this way.  Here are a few games I already know about that are close to this or fit the description well:  * **Minecraft:** Survival is too easy for me at this point and I want survival to be a genuine challenge.  * **Project Zomboid:** Amazing. Probably the best option out there. Honestly I can't think of anything I want from this kind of game that this doesn't already do well, but I'm just curious if there are any other games out there as well. It would be nice to have a game like this but with a different perspective like 3rd or 1st person.
[darkest dungeon ]	I'm a huge rpg fan but recently i have been hooked on games that have you running through dungeons and collecting loot, fighting monsters and exploring.   What im looking for is a game that has you(for what ever reason) entering dungeons or just you explore the world and find them, doing quest/missions/story. On the way you form a party to tackle stronger monsters and master learning new spells.  To give you an idea of what im looking for, [Ex. Wizardry Style dungeons] (https:// / shin megami tensei dungeons / A complex crafting and turn-based combat system. The real difference is during combat  we get a behind view of your party like [Goldensun-ish as you are a attacking] (http:// Bonus if your characters looks changes as you get more armor and weapons.  Most games i played of the genre stay true to the first person view and you don't see your characters attacking apart from maybe a sword swing or spells casting.   Also not to be confused With games like diablo or Torchlight, that focus more on Action-Solo.  
[cities: skylines]	Hey guys, I'm looking for a game I can basically build my own town/people/tycoon!  Played all the regular/popular ones such as -   Tropico  Cesaer  Pharaoh   Settlers  Banished  Anno  Roller Coaster Tycoon  Hospital Tycoon  Civ series  Zoo Tycoon   And probably a few more that I can't remember off the top of my head. The only thing that the game needs to have is decent graphics and I can actually see the models of the stuff if that makes sense?  Thanks!   EDIT : Thanks for all the great replies, should have really included Sim City as ones I have played but thank you!
[ghost trick]	Recently I just played the PC demo of The Silver Case. I've always been a Suda51 fan, so I was stoked to play it. From what I played, the presentation was oozing with style and I love the way motion graphics and text was delivered. The navigation part was pretty unusual too. It was mainly reading, but I enjoyed the way the visuals and narrative were delivered to me. The only other game I've ever played that's on par with style and presentation was DanganRonpa, with it's "psycho-pop" art style,  cutouts, and how lively the portraits and camera felt. Phoenix Wright also stands out for having characters sprites animated with lively expressions and making the courtroom drama brimming with excitement.  Which makes me wonder. Are there any visual novels I'm not aware of that also go beyond the norm? Most VNs don't appeal to me much because they feel like dead slide shows with a wall of text. Don't get me wrong, I actually like reading. It's just that when it comes to VNs in games, I want to see interesting ways to combine creative writing with the visual/audio/interactivity of games. Especially if it uses game mechanics in interesting ways to convey its narrative like DanganRonpa.  I usually play on PC, PS4, PS3, PSTV, or 3DS. But I can also emulate other systems like DS and PSP.
[awesomenauts, bots, lol]	I'm building up a bit of a curious interest in MOBA games, but I tend to avoid playing games like this online because I ultimately care more about my enjoyment than winning or losing. I used to play the original Unreal Tournament exclusively offline with bots and I can't count how many hours I spent playing it as a kid.  I've never really played any MOBA games before, though I've just now tried the Heroes of the Storm tutorial, and it seems interesting. Do any of the MOBAs offer an interesting experience just with bots? Would I be able to set up a game in something like DOTA 2 with 2 or 3 friends and have the remaining players as bots?  If not, are there similarly styled games on PC with a greater focus on single-player?
[rimworld]	Hey all.  So I'll try to be specific to narrow it down.   I'm looking for a basebuilder game like Planetbase or Dungeon Keeper with some caveats.   Evil Genius and Planetbase lost me because the AI tends to ham-string itself and there's no good way to just force the AI to work on something specific.   For example I'm trying to produce Spare Parts in PlanetBase but even though I have Spare Parts production on high priority my resources keep getting divided out to all the other projects on the base.   So i run out of power because the solar Panels and wind-turbines aren't getting maintained. So everything slows down and power outages abound.   I'm sure I could be very very very specific in how each thing is built and limit how my AI can perform but that kind of detracts the fun.  It's the same reason I couldn't get into Sims at all.  I don't want to hold the hand of a barely functioning AI and walk it through the process of wiping it's ass after it shits itself for the 5th time.  Similarly with Evil Genius it was hard to get the AI to actively do it's job without having it bork up. AI get lost.  AI not moving around effectively.  The Trainer AI and the Trainee AI never quite seemed to match schedules so that my dudes could actually learn how to do stuff, etc.   I guess I'm looking for something I can setup to be automated then just kind of enjoy watching the little ants go about their daily lives and chores.     
[divinity: original sin, resident evil 5, overwatch, far cry 3, far cry 3]	So I miss the days of being able to play a game with my good friend for 4+ hours on end that isn't an MMO.  Can't really do anything that is super competitive because then it becomes too stressful, and anything with long term progression would become pointless because one of us has more time to play than the other.    Anybody have some recommendations?  Terraria would have been fun but he has already beaten it same with Starbound unfortunately.  We're considering 7 days to Die and How to Survive 2, we haven't played either one but we're open to some suggestions, please help thank you!
[diablo 3]	Im looking for games that i can just chill and explore, slay monsters and cast abilities that goes boom with a colorful visual effect, while im drinking my coffee and finding a safe spot in game to stop for a sec to check reddit maybe text my friends.  I loved playing titan quest, torchlight, and grim dawn. Lotro was also one of the games that made me feel relaxed.  Im looking for a game like this, doesn't matter if its 3rd person or fps or whatever. But i would like it to be online. I like meeting new people in game from time to time.  Btw Albion Online looks like a nice game but i cant afford it right now so please suggest cheap games for this poor college student :(
[magicka]	Hello!   As the title says, I'm looking for a "ridiculous magic system." Though it isn't clear at all with the title, I'm basically looking for a game where the sky is the limit when it comes to magic and spells. I've always been a fan of spells that aren't exactly the most common things, and I'd like to find a game where I could use these kinds of spells. Games that have an infinite variety of spells, or even customize-able spells would be nice. The more spells, the better. Ideally I'd like to be able to use these spells in common gameplay for as long and as often as desired, not just in an odd situation or two. Just about any genre would be fine with me, and hopefully this made enough sense, though apologies if it did not!  **Edit:** Thank you to everyone who helped me with suggestions and any questions I may have had! I've settled on Magicmaker and Lichdom: Battlemage for the time being, though I'll also be keeping an eye on Two Worlds 2, Grim Dawn, Path of Exile, and finally TESIV: Oblivion. Again, thank you to everyone!
[the legend of zelda, the witcher]	Hey guys! I recently finally read through Lord of the Rings and now I'm itching to get into some kind of adventure. It doesn't matter if the graphics are closer to Pokemon Red or Skyrim, I just want something that pulls you in, and fills you with awe with dungeons that feel like venturing into the Mines of Moria.  This might be a lot to ask for, but do any games come to anyone's mind?  Edit: Here's what I got so far, from the comments. Thanks guys!  * Dungeon Siege * Dragon's Dogma Dark Arisen * Dark Souls * The Witcher 2/3 * Skyrim Enderal mod * Far Cry 4 * Shadow of Mordor * Baldurs Gate 2
[galaxy on fire: alliances, lifeline: silent night, galaxy on fire 2 hd, adventures of mana, clash of clans, street fighter, shadow fight 2, shadow fight 2, dungeon master, mortal kombat, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, geometry wars, geometry wars, cut the rope, cut the rope, oregon trail, first strike, table tennis, organ trail, flappy bird, trick shot, for glory, sine mora, this game, this game, dark echo, out there, out there, roguelike, sorcery!, evoland, game on, vvvvvv, jenga, jenga, kotor]	Lately I've been pretty interested in exploring the app market of games in search of experiences that go beyond the usual smartphone fare of "easy to pick up and play, easy to put down again", looking for richer and more substantial games that validate my smartphone as a place to play serious games and not just when I'm bored.  So far I have found a couple of gems: The Broken Sword series remasters and Broken Sword 5. The Last Express, the Silent Age and Telltale's games.  What else is there and I'm especially hopeful there will be some exclusives that are not available on PC too.
[gravity rush, gravity rush, gravity rush, gravity daze]	My dad got my brother and I PS4 and we have GTA V, uncharted 4 and Dragons age inquisition. I kinda only really liked Uncharted although maybe I just haven't gotten super into the other  have a ton of games on PS2 and PS3 and I think i miss having that amount of variety.  Games I really like are Jak and Daxter series, Timesplitters, Red Faction, Kinetica, God of War series, Need for Speed series, Midnight Club series, Final Fantasy (X, XII, XIII), Shadow of the Colossus, Ico, Devil May Cry, Resident Evil 4, Myst Riven and Exile, Tomb Raider Legend anniversary and underworld, Katamari Damacy, Journey, Child of Eden, Enslaved, Uncharted series, Dragons Dogma, Nier, Star Ocean 4, Assasins Creed 4, Ratchet and clank games, etc.  Any recommendations for something that isn't particularly expensive (maybe less than 30) but will allow me to be in awe like I was while playing uncharted 4? I open to downloading games off of PSN too. Thanks :)
[out there, arma 3]	I love games that have a server browser and lots of custom game modes. I don't like typical first person shooter's like CS:GO (not saying it's a bad game), but the whole reason I was drawn to it was all the community servers with tweaks and game modes like surfing. One of my favorite games was the Just Cause 2 multiplayer mod because the community was making absolutely amazing and unique servers, but sadly they have all died out now. Does anyone have anymore suggestions like these games? I really don't care what type of game it is as long as there is a community that is active and making content. However I prefer first person games, and the only games I would ask you not to mention are Dota and LoL type games. Basically any other type of game that the community has taken and given many different modes that play very differently from the vanilla game.
[turn off]	I want to know if there are any legitimatelly good **REAL** hidden gems on PC?  And guys, before you say anything, take a step back, and think to yourself "*Could this game I'm about to post be rated at least 8-9/10 by a general public, without any prior knowledge about the game?*"  &gt;inb4 "*Rating games on an "Out of ten" scale is a deadbeat idea, Craios-kun*"  Sure, it's not absolutely perfect, but it's the most ideal way of showing that a game will be enjoyable to a wide audience of people. So I suggest we roll with it.  **I repeat - PC only, since that's a device that a majority of people have**  Three examples that I, personally, can name are:  1) **Space Rangers: A War Apart** - **probably the most criminally underlooked ever**. It's an open universe exploration game. It's a turn based RPG. It's a realtime movement game. It's a shooter arcade. It's a real time strategy game. It's a third person shooter. It's a text based RPG. It's a space sim. It combines all sorts of amazing things into one **FANTASTIC** package. It's the best game ever made by Russian developers, and it has a huge cult following in Eastern Europe (including Russia, ofc). You explore the universe in "turns", but they just slide through when you're not in combat - making it a real time game. You can be whatever you want - a trader, a pirate, a warrior, a courrier - whatevs. The general goal is to defeat the three intelligent AI robot clans that are taking over the universe. How and if you do that is completely up to you.  Want to ignore them? Sure. On the lower levels the universe can beat them itself. Want to be on the frontlines? Join the soldiers and fights against them, get alien loot and become the best soldier in the universe. Or you can even just fund the building of combat stations in the universe, so others fight, while you sip expensive wine on your megatrader's ship.  Your ship is fully outfitable - ship type, size, weapons, engines, scanners, shield generators, tractor beams, artefacts etc. You are also increase your own stats - accuracy, charisma, bartering, leadership etc.  Then you can also complete government missions like courrier jobs or bounties. Sometimes they ask you to participate in RTS missions, where you can take control of one of your units (admitably, worst part of the game, but it has its fans).  And *sometimes* the game makes you land on a planet for a *text based RPG mission*. And those are sooo varied. You can get arrested and have to be in jail, which has TONS of ways to get out, make money... *and die*. You can be asked to manage a ski resort. Win a dangerous racing-with-guns. Become an alien ike-banana artist. And dozens others.  You can mine planets for resources and hidden caches.  You can talk to every single NPC in the galaxy - rob them, make them drop their cargo (yep, you can be a pirate, too! In fact, pirates in and of themselves are the best I have ever seen in any game ever), join forces against some other NPC, trade etc.  Each boss has SEVERAL ways to beat them, only **one** of them being direct combat.  **It's pretty much sechs**  If I had to rate the game on a basic "*x/10*" scale - I'd say this game deserved a hard 10, back when it first came out, and about 9/10 right now, because of the ever so slightly dated textures. **There simply isn't anything similar to come out before or since**. A few games tried, none succeeded in such a majestic fashion.  _____________________________  2) **Overfall** - oh gosh, Overfall. One of the more criminally unknown games out there. A roguelite adventure game - choose your characters (starting from 2, but there are like 8 or 9 classes in the game), equipment, skills and sail out into the world. There is a main mission to complete, but side quests are the way to go. There are **hundreds** of quests on islands that you sail to and from. They are completely different - some comedic, some more dramatic, some romantic. There is even a dialogue system, usually just helps you get a different reward or less enemies to fight. Some dialogue options depend on your Classes that you chose at the beginning (for example, a Priest can make someone feel safe and relaxed, a Barbarian can bully and terrorise people etc.). During your adventures you get various unlocks - new mercenaries (3rd and 4th party members that you can recruit during the actual game), new weapons, new main classes, new skills - all sorts of things. And then you die and restart the game with an increased choice of items/classes/weapons. It has great replay value.  Once again, if I had to rate it - I'd say Overfall is a strong 8/10. It's gorgeous. It's big. It's a hella value for the money. It's charming. It's gud. Ironically enough, it's actually *kiiiinda* similar to Space Rangers, but a simpler and more focused.  _______________________  3) **SteamWorld: Heist**  Ohhh boy.  You know how every once in a while an indy game comes out that is so goddamn near perfect that the pleasure actually hurts a little? Your average Undertale, Fez, Hyper Light Drifter and the like?  Yeah, it's one of those.  This game came completely out of nowhere for me. I was just browsing the internet and someone mentioned the game - "SteamWorld Heist". I checked it out online, thought "Eh, seems neat". Got it. Played it. LOVED it.  It's difficult to find an accurate description for this game, but it goes a little something like this:  **It's like Xcom, but actually depends on the player's skill. Also, you play as a group of steampunk space robot pirates**  And I don't mean Xcom where you have a 95% hit chance point-blank. Ohh no. Here - everything depends on your skill with aiming. Also, the game isn't as hardcore as Xcom, seeing how you don't lose your companions if they die, even though that will severely cripple you on your mission.  It's absolutely phenomenal, here's a quick rundown of the main gratifying aspects of the game:  - Each party member has a distinct personality: starting from their dialogue and ending with the little details like their pose. An ex-military bot will be clutching his weapon - always ready to retalliate. The main protagonist has a certain air of bravado around her. The drunken bot waves around a bit. The jolly old fellow taps his foot on the floor etc. etc. etc.  - Surprises all around. The game doesn't bring a very long storyline. I finished the game in 10 hours on the easier difficulty levels, but even during those 10 hours I have met a LOT of very colorful characters, experienced quite a lot of adventures and a few healthy plot twists.  - Combat. Holy shit the combat. You know how fucking ANNOYING XCom was with the 95% hits, even though you're LITERALLY standing right next to the enemy? No more of that. Now - the aiming FULLY depends on your skill. Your hand wavers a bit during aiming AND YOUR BULLETS RICOCHET - which adds a whole new layer of tactics to the game. Shooting is a healthy mix of general sense of your surroundings, plus the timing of your wavering, plus counting out the ricochets.  - Music. All of the music is handcrafted and the game features several songs in it. You know how songs in gaming are generally really cringy and just... well... bad? Not the case in here. Legitimatelly good mix of pop/soft rock/country songs. It's absolutely amazing and charming in the best of senses.  - You can really FEEL the love that the developers put into the game at every point. Starting from the dialogues and music, finishing with the little things, like character animations, names, flavor text etc.  - Absolutely gorgeous steampunk universe.  - EDIT: Did I mention this game has hats? This game has hats. And if you want that hat you see on an enemy - you'll have to SHOOT IT OFF! Without killing the enemy, ofc.  I'd say this game deserves a hard 7-8, simply not taking off because of lack of general content aside from combat.  _______________________  Now, let's hear 'um.
[my friends, starbound]	I was really, really, looking forward to No Man's Sky. As a person who is obsessed with plants, animals, and nature/science in general, it seemed like a dream come true. My hopes of it being at all realistic seem to be dashed though. Planets are mostly recolors of the same assets, the different creatures randomly jumbled into different silly combinations. Their representation of the universe is inaccurate, every single planet is inhabited with life and/or vegetation, there are no gas giants, no ring systems, no barren planets, and no variation of star types. I mean, I didn't expect it to be super realistic, but it just seems so empty and shallow. I really wanted to explore the universe, and by chance find a jewel of a planet that was populated with complex flora and fauna, that you could observe as it goes about it's business only for it to be mowed down by a predator a second later who is trying to feed it's young. Long story short, is there a game that does what No Man's Sky promised, and failed to offer? It doesn't have to be as "massive", I just want some rich ecosystems to explore. Do Elite Dangerous or Star Citizen offer planets to explore with life on them?
[knytt underground, starbound]	One of my favorite games I've ever played was [Spybot Chronicles](https:// It's a very simple iOS game with relativly basic platforming. The reason I loved it so much was how much there was to find. Every level had currency you could collect, some of which was hidden in secret pathways. There were collectibles hidden in tricky spots (even in death pits or past the end of the level checkpoint), hidden levels in every world you had to find to unlock and other cool secrets. For a short iOS game it really had a lot to find [(here's a picture of all the collectibles)](http:// Does anyone know of any games like this for PC/Mac or iOS?
[shadowrun: dragonfall, hong kong, sci-fi]	Maybe I'm a huge casual, but I don't really like planning stats and skill builds and managing weapon upgrades and equipment for like 6+ characters at once. But the combat and RPG type progression of turn based tactics games is fun to me. For example I liked shining force, it was enjoyable and simple. I like when the characters have classes sort of, that limit their attack types. But I've tried things like FF tactics and it's just kind of overwhelming really. I like theorycrafting with one character, but with so many at once and managing them all at once outside of combat, it becomes a bit too much for me.
[dark souls]	Purely exploration based games do nothing for me, I need story, characters, and good combat mechanics. Some of my favorite games that fit this bill are the Xenoblade series. Huge, beautiful, detailed worlds with secrets to find and rewards for exploring but with a great JRPG behind it as well. I've played and greatly enjoyed The Witcher series but I want something a bit more "alien" or with some sci-fi elements if possible - the world of The Witcher is great but it's a pretty standard fantasy setting.   Not necessarily looking for an RPG, I'm down for anything. Ideally something relatively recent, I have PC, Wii U, and 360. Also have PS2, DS, GCN, N64, and SNES if you've got a great suggestion.
[rimworld, factorio]	I'm on my 6th planet in No Man's Sky and I'm bored to shit already.  I really WANT to like it more, but I can't.  It's the worst cycle of rinse and repeat.   I love games like Terraria. It's my most played game on Steam. Skyrim is my 2nd, and Borderlands 2 is my 3rd.   I like exploring, but I hate when it's the same thing over and over.  Same planets, same monsters, etc.  I could deal with it if the 'crafting' didn't suck.  Oh you want to craft this upgrade?  Gotta clear out your inventory.  Don't have anything to craft yet? Hoard materials, sell them, and buy more materials.  Terraria has some of the best crafting around.  It's easy, you don't have to guess what you need in order to make an item, and even if you did, there's a very clean and concise wiki for you.    I'm not much into survival games.  However, there's a difference between a "survival game" and a game in which you have to survive.   I tried playing Rimworld, and found it too difficult. I keep trying though. I'm just used to handing my character a bow, crafting them some arrows, and taking care of business.  I'll keep playing, but I'm looking for something else too.  RPG elements would be a great addition as well.  Thank you.   Edit:  By the way, I won't pay for Early Access games.  I've been burned too many times. 
[pillars of eternity, nwn]	I loved the old Neverwinter Nights (2002) as a teen. I've played other Bioware titles such as Baldur's Gate, Knights of the Old Republic Dragon Age Origins, and Jade Empire. At some point, you grow tired of Bioware games.   I want a game like Neverwinter Nights. It doesn't have to have the same D&amp;D edition rules or be part of D&amp;D. It just needs a solid system for character creation and world interaction. It also needs a diverse world. Here's what I mean: in NWN, you had to cure a plague in one chapter, but to meet that goal you had to stop a prison riot, cure a zombie plague, confront a wizard locked in his tower, and unravel the shady business in a well known port. I want sidequests that really expand the world, related to the campaign or not.   One more thing, I do plan on playing Pillars of Eternity. I wanted some more options before I purchase. Thanks in advance.
[dead island, dying light]	EDIT: I'm on PC.   I don't have anything against mainstream games, but I guess I just got burnt out. I've been playing mostly indies/roguelikes/etc.   But I recently grabbed Dying Light and I'm just loving it way more than expected and craving something else a little more mainstream. I think I'd love it even without the parkour stuff(which is awesome though) - there's nothing super new about the story or setting but everything's just put together well. It runs great, good graphics, interesting/humorous bits, fun weapons, tight mechanics, good combat, etc.  it's not just "another zombie game but with parkour".   I'm maybe looking at the Dead Rising series, but I'm open to whatever genre, not just zombies. Just gimme something that feels less generic when you actually play it than the trailers might suggest.   The last example I can think of that gave me this feeling was Saint's Row 3(I loved 4 too, but I *expected* it to be crazy and unique from the trailers and because I loved 3). It seemed like just a slightly siller clone of GTA, but I loved everything about it and it really drew me in.  
[borderlands 2, rocket league, lost planet 2, torchlight 2]	I recently connected with some family members that I haven't seen in years.  I used to play Diablo and Age of Empires with my Uncle back in the 90s, so since we live in different states now, we were talking about playing something together since we all have steam (and decent PCs).  The problem is we are all from different gaming eras, so we have different tastes.  I myself rarely play anything online and stick to single player jrpgs.  Here are everyone's preferences:  Uncle - Gold box D&amp;D, Dungeon Master, Age of Empires, etc.  Me - Jrpgs, platformers, puzzle games etc  College Age Cousin - MMOs, Destiny  High School Age Cousin - League of Legends, Mobas?  Can we please have some suggestions for a 4 player co-op and 4 player competitive game?  My only requirement is if it's an MMO, that it's something we can start playing together right away and not have to go through long tutorials or finding each other from halfway across the world (The last MMO I played was FFXI...finding friends on there was a nightmare).  Thanks in advance!
[rise of the tomb raider, ryse: son of rome, shadow of mordor, the witcher, crysis 3]	First of all, the gameplay needs to be good; I'm not looking for an NVIDIA tech demo. Second of all, SPECS SPECS SPECS:  CPU: i5 4460 ( GHz I believe)  GPU: EVGA GTX 970  RAM : 16GB  Third of all, I have like no preference on genre or pricerange (I'll pay $80 for a solid game). Also I'm open to horror game suggestions but keep in mind I'm a huge pussy and I could barely finish the RE7 demo.  Thanks everyone!  EDIT: I'm open to modding  EDIT2: Games I have: Elder Scrolls 3-5, Dark Souls 1-3, Fallout 2-4+FNV, Metro 2033+Last Light, Rust and others but those are the main ones 
[time to play]	moved from /r/pcgaming because those mods are a bunch of freedom hatin' commie pinkos  Title. I really want to play a good, simmy space travel game. I used to love Starflight as a kid. I need a Space Odyssey.  Is Elite: Dangerous good? I'm hesitant because of the pricing model. Is the base game empty? Do you have to spend friggin $100 to get the full experience? Is it a spreadsheet simulator? Is landing on planets even fun?  I'm also curious about Star Citizen, but at the same time, again, the pricing seems totally scammy and the game doesn't have a release date.  What's the ultimate current-gen space game? I need some space.
[deadly premonition]	So yeah, looking to fill the void now that I finished the first season. Preferably a game that has a good story with some mystery elements about it. Bonus points if there's only one main monster as the antagonist.  I do already own Alan Wake on PC but never got around to playing it much. The only reason I'm not jumping right into it is because I remember it being about a whole bunch of shadow monsters and I feel that cheapens the impact of the monsters compared to having a singular threat. Still if it gets some recommendations I'll give it a shot.  The only other recent games that comes to mind for this topic that I have played are Inside and the Amnesia series.  Any genre, preferably PC but I also own a ps3, 360, and WiiU.
[bushido blade]	Hello guys.   I'm looking for games with good melee combat mechanics. I checked [this post](https:// and [this post](https:// but I have pretty strict requirments. First of all - no only-multiplayer games. Playing with bots is OK for me, but I have shitty internet so MMO, or only-PVP drops. I don't have much time actually so I would like to play dueling or arena games, not RPG, or action adventures, or games with large-scale battles (so we have to exclude Dark Souls (there is no arena dueling in single player, am I right?), Severance, Dark Messiah, Mount &amp; Blade, etc).  I'm considering Overgrowth, but it is in early access for years and updates are not frequent, is it worth price? Also I thought about Exanima, I know this game has arena / duel mode, but does it save your (meta)progress, or this is simple 'training room' for single fights? Chivalry is good, does exist something similar?  What else could you recommend?  Best regards,   Ved
[hyperdimension neptunia u: action unleashed, sengoku basara, playstation, out there, senran]	whenever I'm in a gaming slump I default to some Koei games. I enjoy the mindless violence with a variety of weapons/characters in which to do it  I've played every PC game they offer, with my favourites being the newest Dynasty Warriors and Dragon Quest heroes.  Are there any other games that follow this formula outside of koei? doesn't have to be exact. I just want some good melee combat where you can smash faces all day long with cool characters (or customizable ones)  I think maybe Darksiders I &amp; II will be suggested: I've already played them. And Shadow of Mordor (wasnt my cup of tea)
[prison architect, dwarf fortress, minecraft]	Most of the survival games I find tend to be either rogue-likes, strategy, or just lacking in one department (combat, crafting, building, etc.). Not that there's anything wrong with those games, but simply not what I'm looking for right now. Would like to stay away from Early Access games.  I'll do my best to explain the vision I have in my head, using games I have played, and hopefully you guys can help me find something close to what I'm looking for!  I want a game that has the following:  - Controlling more than one character (a whole colony?) would be excellent.  - Focus on single player. Do not want a freemode or sandbox experience without something binding the experience.  - Main story or objectives are a huge plus. Feel bored quickly just by wandering around.  - "Bunker down" instead of "keep moving" gameplay.  - Constantly trying to manage/gather/maintain resources. This can evolve as the game progresses, but it should always be a concern to a degree.  - A sense of danger. Something with monsters/wildlife/nature that is threatening.  - Involve some sort of base building. It does not need to be super hardcore base building. I'm just talking about making fortifications or traps to protect from the outside evils.  Games I've played that come close:  - Factorio and RimWold: love both to death. Finished them several times, would love something similar.  - Dwarf Fortress: This fits perfectly, but I was hoping for something a little less intense right now. I love this game but I want something a little simpler, and possibly that starts off with a single character or an overall more humble beginning.  - Gnomoria: same issues as DF, without its complexity.  - Minecraft: This would fit really well, but I've played this so much, I kinda want something new.   Games played that are not what I am looking for:  - Empyrion, Subnautica, ARK: they all scream multiplayer, no real SP experience, despite being fun.  - Terraria / Starbound: I feel their genre died for me a few years ago. Not fun anymore.  
[dragon's dogma: dark arisen, shadowrun: dragonfall, pillars of eternity, devil may cry, space rangers, high stakes, dark souls, this game, hong kong, out there, out there, get out, endgame, game!]	Hello friends,  So it seems that it would be helpful to say what type of games I enjoy in the RPG genre. My favorites are Dragon Age Origins(story and Choice and Consequence), Neverwinter Nights 2(character customization and choice and consequence), and Morrowind(player freedom, variety of character builds, excellent story, excellent guilds). Recently I have really enjoyed The Witcher Series(for their realistic portrayal of armour sets), Dark Souls(mostly the lore portion), and Pillars of Eternity(Choice and Consequence, and Character Customization). A non-RPG game I enjoyed was Chivalry: Medieval Warfare for its combat.  I appreciate any suggestions!
[my friends, take down, archeage, archeage, go wild, endgame, lol]	Played MS and Runescape only - can someone please give me some recs based on this? I think I'm semi casual or so.  In Runescape, I love that I was able to randomly cut trees for wood, fish for food, mine and smelt for weapons, and all these were skills that got better. This was in 2006 I think though and I didn't like graphics or the combat. I dislike turn based combat where I hit a lot of zeroes and 1s. The quests were interesting too like having to go to the desert place or the jail and meet certain conditions.  MapleStory I played for 2005-2008/9 ish and sporadically up to reboot. I liked the real time action combat more and enjoyed seeing my damage increase and getting items immediately from the dropped monsters. I like the four stats I could put into but wish it weren't SO focused (ex Warriors ONLY focused on STR and DEX, no luck or intelligence which I wanted to up) and having more stats would be cool. I love cute art since I love anime and I think I prefer the 2D. I liked party quests but hated how Grindy it was and how many scammers/hackers/immature ppl were. I also hated how many quests felt really Grindy and repetitive but I liked the amount of content like bosses that spawned sometimes and being able to do dungeon quests and craft items and different shops and free markets with items for sale. Dislike inflation but that can't be helped sometimes.  Regarding PvP, I tried League of Legends and found it frustrating and never enjoyed it in Runescape while MS's was just okay and not real PvP imo. I guess I don't absolutely need it and would prefer a sandbox world.  I also tried Ragnarok briefly but not enough to come to things with it. I think I was an archer and do enjoy a variety of classic races and jobs (always preferred thief most).  I find the stories in most of these lacking but a decent story may be enjoyable. Oh and more char customization is good of course. And more equips and maybe spells and crafts and abilities and free roaming capabilities would be good too I suppose.  Also even though I prefer action, it doesn't have to be. I solo more than a group but a decent community wouldn't be remiss either.  Based on this, can anyone recommend me their top 1 or 2 MMOs? I prefer Free 2 Play obviously but could be convinced to do possibly do 1 Time Payment or maybeeee Subscription if it's really good.  The more streamlined, time tested and high quality graphics the better but these are much lower priorities.
[rocket league]	Hello guys  Me and my wife are in need of new games to play, she is a new gamer and she got into league of legends, we have been playing for 1 year or so, but we get bored after playing an hour. She only likes to play aram.   My dream is to play couch games with her, but she can't manage to use controllers properly. In this area, any suggestions to start playing slowly with controllers?   In general, she likes Diablo 3, monopoly, shadow of mordor (but didn't play coz controller), sonic games.   I hope to find some new games to play together, especially something like lol or d3.   Thank you all
[deus ex]	I've been having a problem with recent games that no matter how much I like them I have stopped enjoying them. Things like Overwatch, NMS or Dark Souls 3 NG+5 are no longer fun if the story is completed or not really relevant, even though they are pinnacles of game design. I really just want something like a good TV show with tight focus and a 400 or so hour long story that I can sink my teeth into, with good character focus, while still being as fun as games like Overwatch or NMS. I should also probably mention that I didn't like The Witcher series and have played all the recent BioWares. Also the more recent is is better.  Thank You!
[dragon's dogma: dark arisen, deus ex: human revolution, shadowrun: hong kong, hyper light drifter, dragon age: origins, assassin's creed 2, enter the gungeon, shadow of mordor, devil may cry 4, super meat boy, civilization v, hotline miami, hotline miami, hotline miami, hotline miami, rocket league, rocket league, just cause 2, max payne 3, mass effect, mass effect, left 4 dead, dark souls, dark souls, dead space, bioshock 1, metro 2033, this game, this game, this game, this game, far cry 3, far cry 3, red alert, undertale, undertale, out there, star wars, portal 2, diablo 3, game on, sci-fi, vvvvvv, gta v, gta v, talos, gta 4, ac2]	Getting back into PC gaming, building new rig within the next month. I'm very out of the loop and need suggestions, either on Steam or independent games is fine.    Some games across all platforms I've enjoyed (PC, DS, PS3): Borderlands 2, Portal 2, The Walking Dead, Life is Strange, Stardew Valley, Animal Crossing, League, Pokemon and tried out some Final Fantasy.    I'm interested in things like Black Desert Online, but I've stuck to a lot of mainstream stuff. I enjoy MMOs and RPGs mostly but I don't mind an FPS if it has a good storyline. Thanks for the help!  
[dragon's dogma]	I'm looking for a single player game where I can create a character, think up his/her personality, and play in a way that might fit the character. I want to be able to be a thief or a warrior or a guard or whatever. I mostly imagine that this all takes place in an open world game, but I'm open to non-open world (heh) suggestions.  **What I mean:** If I want to steal from a shop, I can. If I want to kill NPCs, I can. If I want to *only* fight with swords/guns/bats/magic, I can. etc.  Bonus points if you can sleep in beds, own a house, and do other "role-play" type activities.  **Games I've already played that fit this criteria:**  * The Elder Scrolls * Fallout 3 &amp; NV * Kingdoms of Amalur  I haven't played Fallout 4 yet, because I'm waiting for some sort of definitive edition to be released with all the DLC so I'd like to hear about other games.  Also, please don't suggest Fable, I find those games to be painfully shallow. The more depth, the better.  
[rocket league, brawlhalla]	Im 24 yo and ive been gaming for 12 years from  then wow and story goes on. Right now i dont know what game to play. I have top notch system  gtx 1060 and 4k. I was into rust the previous days but as i have cable tv i want to use that as well so i want less hours than this xp system wants. I like multiplayer games i dont know if i can find the thrill i seek at a sp game. I have searched a lot i know every game but because i have a mental illness i have a lot of stress and i cant decide. I would like to help me find games that dont need much dedication (if they are mp its better) and have good visuals. Ill cooperate..
[the witcher]	So right now I'm craving for a new single player game to play and like so I managed to find this particular subreddit. I figured you guys could help me out.  So yeah I prefer games that are much more about the story rather than the gameplay itself.  My absolute favorite games are the Bioshock franchise, Telltale games, Life is Strange, Batman Arkham franchise, Dishonored, Far Cry franchise, Mass Effect franchise, GTA franchise, Dying Light, Middle Earth Shadow of Mordor and Tomb Raider franchise.   So are there any games you think I should try out? I don't really care whether the games I am to play through are triple A or indie all that matters to me is an enjoyable experience (I know there's not any indie on my list, but I've a lot of history with indie games too). So if you have ANYTHING in mind just let me know. Also would be cool if you could provide me with an answer as to why I should play the game you are suggesting
[dragon age: inquisition, mass effect, mass effect, to the top, be good]	Both are cheap on PS3 currently, I have never played mass effect and no nothing about it other than the character is called commander shepherd and that the last 10 minutes are disappointing, I played dragon age 2 and loved the characters the story the art style and music/atmosphere but I absolutely hated the combat, it was soooo repetitive to the point where it got completely tedious at the end and nothing felt like it was doing any major damage (felt like a mindless game of Dota/LoL or some other moba) I've heard that inquisition is better than the 2nd one, does this fix the gameplay issue and is the doc good? Since I'm getting the deluxe edition. Which game is better and more fun? 
[starseed pilgrim, super meat boy, splash it, out there, dustforce, olliolli, give up, n++]	I'm looking for games with precise controls like those 2 (preferably just as fast). Games that hand my ass to me for being careless, challenging but fair. Games that give me a bunch of techniques to pull off and let me choose to use whichever i want to complete the task. *Or* games that tell me to pull those techniques off beautifully. Also i'd prefer the main character to be a bit more agile. Music-Rhythm games is great too (Tho i don't want to buy more equipments). And most of all, it gotta have smooth frame-rate (locked 30 or 60 fps) if it's only on console.  **Games i've played that fits my description**: Ninja Gaiden series, Devil may cry series, Platinum games, Super meat boy, Bloodborne, Guitar Hero - Rockband, Hyper light drifter, Hotline miami series, ...  **Games that don't fit my current demand**: Souls series (is a bit slow), God of War series, Zelda (combat is too easy for my taste),  Shooter (aside from ones like Vanquish), Fighting games (my feeble mind can't handle that much combos).  **Prefer System**: PC, Xbone, Ps4, X360, 3ds. I will soon get a Vita and a Wii U. But i can buy one system for only one game if it really is that good. 
[space pirates and zombies]	Looking to blast off and have some fun in the middle of fucking nowhere out in space. I don't know much about the genre, but I have heard of titles such as Star Citizen, Elite:Dangerous, No Man's Sky, something about space Marines?   Not really sure what I want, because I know stuff like XCOM and Kerman Space Program, even EVE, is spacey, but it's not exactly what's going to quench this thirst. So I guess I want a space sim, if that's what the above titles are. I just want to have a ship and do cool shit with it. Harvesting/grind is fine, combat and exploring is fine, KSP is too technical for my simpleton tastes but I do love me some switches and doodads.   Thanks.
[x-plane 10]	Hi  I am looking for a flight simulator that is as realistic as possible (I mean in how you actually fly the thing, graphics don't have to be fancy at all), that would run on my laptop. I normally use Kubuntu  but I dual boot Win8.   If there is something that works with on linux (w/ or without Wine) that would be awesome, but if you have a suggestion for a win-program, please tell me too! :)      Laptop specs:        Acer Aspire E5-571G-79XS         Intel i7-4510U      NVIDIA GeForce 840M with 2 GB VRAM     8GB DDR L Memory  Greetings,   - Kashi
[shadowrun returns, shadowrun returns, strategy games, this game, hong kong]	[This game](https:// is coming out in 2017. I'd like to get started with something in a similar genre (control multiple units in a turn-based fashion) to get me prepped, as I've never played a game like that before.  The only game that comes to mind is XCom. Know any other ones? What do you recommend most, and why? Any stand out as good for newer players?   EDIT: XCom is still really expensive for a game 4 years old. To get the based game and all DLC would be 70+$. That's waaay out of my price range. 
[jackbox party pack, mount your friends, worms armageddon, lethal league, screen cheat, speedrunners, move or die, brawlhalla, mario kart, bomberman, gamecube, divekick, nidhogg]	Heyo, I'm building a fairly cheap Steam box (whether it'll run SteamOS or Ubuntu is TBD) as a living room console for gaming with friends.  I'm specifically not looking for AAA, graphics-intensive titles, and only looking for games that are playable on the same screen with friends (read: not online).  Would really appreciate any suggestions people may have.  My lineup so far:  * Broforce * Road Redemption * TowerFall * Obligatory NES/SNES/Genesis emulators * Overcooked (sadly this is not ported to Linux (yet??)) * Hammerwatch (I've owned this for two years and played six minutes) * GoldenEye Source  A few others I haven't tried in shared screen, but might be fun inclusions: Crypt of the NecroDancer, Enter the Gungeon, Rocket League, Castle Crashers, Vagante, Crawl, Magicka, Risk of Rain, Jamestown, and BattleBlock Theater.  Any glaring omissions here?  Everyone's suggestions are much appreciated.
[shin megami tensei, persona 4]	Whats up guys, i've been really into playing classic JRPGs for the last 2 years or so since i played FF7 for the first time. Since then i've been playing through the JRPGs thats i had heard were amazing. I've played FF 6 through 10-2, as well as 13, Earthbound, Chrono Trigger / Chross, Super Mario RPG, as well as a small part of Secret of Mana and FF12. For the most part, i've loved every single one of them (other than X-2, Secret of Mana, idk why just didnt grab me). I've been looking for more high quality JRPGs to play recently and havent been too lucky. I have Tales of Zestiria i just started, not sure if im gonna continue it. What other games would you say are top-notch high quality JRPGs that are a must-play for me?   I tend to enjoy deep engrossing stories with great characters and character building. Im open to all types of combat, but prefer turn based/ATB. Good graphics are a huge plus but not too important to me, since ive been playing SNES games a lot recently.  What would you recommend i play next?  Edit: The consoles i currently have are PC, SNES, PS1, PS2, 360, Xbone, Wii, Wii U, GC, and N64. Will be getting a 3DS soon as well.
[bloons]	Hey everyone,  I'm having trouble finding a game that I can play in my down time at work. I am an ambulance dispatcher and it is completely acceptable to use the computer during down time. But because of my job there are some things I need in this game.  - I am looking of a browser game (cant download anything on the computer) - It cant be too fast pace (I will need to be able to take my attention off the game when calls come in and may not get to look back for a while) - I would like it to be something I can play over a few shifts and not just beat within a few hours. - Id like a strategy game of some kind, but I'm not huge fan of clash of clans style games with building 1 base and never getting to expand at all. (Not completely opposed either) - Free (Dont mind some P2W aspects but ideally not game breaking.  A game Ive found that is a good example of kind of what I am looking for is: Call of War - Problem here is it seems like paying the membership is required to stand a chance. Ad2460 - Seemed cool but you cant play for free.  Both games dont require me to be micro managing by the second and can turn away for work whenever needed. As well, I cant play them throughtout multiple shifts.  If I am going to pay for a game its gonna have to be really good and I dont pay for coins to make things go faster. Id only pay a membership fee.  Thanks for any suggestions!
[the talos principle, alien: isolation, tomb raider, be good, soma ]	Hello, recently (two days ago) I upgraded from my R9 270x to a GTX 1060.  Until now I played some games from my collection, which consists of GTA V, Fallout 4, CS:GO, Hitman and Dead by Daylight.  But none of them could hold me longer than an hour or two... I will try GTA V again today with an enhanced graphics mod and a new save, but really my interest lies in something new.  I was very interested in No Man's Sky until I read all the controversy around it and watching some gameplay videos where the dull graphics put me off a bit. The trees and texture of the ground look horrible and I know a thousand games which are aged and look better than that...  That drove me to Elite: Dangerous with which I'm not sure if it will be long time fun, since the Steam reviews are very mixed and the community is rather disappointed in the developers choices and general replay value of the game. Beginners often face a minimal tutorial and a rough start, where I think I don't want to invest multiple hours in the game until the fun starts.  Another game that's interesting is Star Wars Battlefront. It looks gorgeous and with the Toddyhancer Mod it gets absolutely amazing. But several subreddits report that the servers are dying out because few people play it :( Also I never got into Battlefield 3 or 4 because it always got too hectic for me and I didn't get better in a reasonable time.   So yeah, my question is, can you recommend some games I can try to use my new GPU to the full potential? 
[rainbow six: siege]	Hello everyone,   I'm looking something to fill that void that World of WarCraft's raiding, League of Legends and Heroes of the Storm left me: I want to have fun outplaying enemies with my interesting build paths and so on.   I am not the guy who only mains 1 hero in MOBAs, but the idea of it is what I am looking for - the characters/the game are so unique and deep that you have to master it in order to show your skill.   I am thinking about Dota 2 but I dunno, it's not the perfect match. Don't recommend Hearthstone, I despise its "competitive" scene. Overwatch is excellent but the competitive match-making is on a break and quick-match is so brainless. I have played some CS GO but even though there's a huge skill factor (MGE here) it's a really simple game: 5v5 who shoots/catches people off guard better.  Are there any hidden (MOBA/other) gems that I am missing?  All suggestions are welcomed. I have been thinking about Savage: Resurrection, but I have worries about the playerbase.
[xeno]	I never really got into JRPGs or any of the playstation exclusives growing up in the 2000s and going from Xbox to PC. Now, with the power of emulation I want to go back and play some of the classics.  So, I'm looking for some of the best games on PS1. I don't want huge lists, try to keep it somewhat focused, I have plenty of time to play games, but I don't want to get bogged down playing a dozen JRPGs especially since I expect at some point I'm going to be dragged back to my Steam games. Keep in mind I have no nostalgia for these games.  Games/Series already on my list: Parasite Eve, Bushido Blade, Armored Core, King's Field, Metal Gear, Resident Evil, Final Fantasy (7 and/or 9?)
[shadow of the colossus, okami, abzu, loz, loz]	Hey, so I'm looking for game soundtracks that would work well in a yoga class.  The whole thing doesn't have to conform to the requirement but if large sections did that would be great.   Some examples are FTL, Undertale, Certain Final Fantasy songs.    The soundtracks can be uplifting and energetic or mellow and relaxing it doesn't matter as long as they aren't distracting.    Bonus points for games that aren't as well known and small indie games with mind blowing soundtracks.  Again don't want the class to be distracted when they recognize the theme from Halo.  Much appreciated.
[endless legend, strategy games, strategy games, endless space]	/title  Basically games that you can play fine without their audio, because the gameplay doesn't rely on audio cues (like stealth games, for example). The idea here is that I want to listen to music while playing. Also, singleplayer, please. My internet's latency is crazy high most of the time.  Examples:  * NFSU/NFSU2/NFSMW * Roguelikes/Roguelites like DCSS, TOME and FTL * FlatOut 2 * Worms Reloaded  But I'm getting tired of those, so I want suggestions. The more replay value, the better. :v  Oh, and no real time strategy games. RPGs are fine, tho.  Here's my notebook config:  * Core i3 5005u @ 2Ghz (Intel HD 5500) * 4Gb Ram
[walking dead]	I'm trying to get my girlfriend into gaming, so any suggestions need to be relatively new-gamer friendly.   She looks for relationships between characters in all of her media choices. They don't have to be sexual or romantic, but they do have to be as meaningful and believable as possible.   Also, the relationships don't have to be the main point, nor does the gameplay have to be about keeping up a relationship. Story based games are fine, so long as there is a strong thread of connection between two characters.
[metal gear solid]	I'm looking for open world games where you either play a stealthy character, or have the ability to do so.  I feel like a lot of stealth games tend to be linear or level based, so I'm strictly looking for open world games.  I loved playing a thief who stalked in the shadows and dark nights in Skyrim and I want a continuation of that experience.  I guess an obvious choice would be the Assassin's Creed games but after playing a few (1 and 2) I feel like a lot of the time it's not actually that stealthy. It's more like kill, then hide. I want something a bit more subtle.  **Bonus Points:** The ability to steal from people/places.  **Bonus Points:** Day/Night cycle.
[dragon's dogma: dark arisen, monster hunter, tokiden kiwami]	Looking for something from the last 4 or 5 years. Would prefer PC/PS4/WIIU.   I'm just annoyed with always managing a party in those games. Either you have a system where each character levels on their own and you gotta worry about keeping people at appropriate levels/gear, or they simplify it so they all level at the same rate and other such nonsense. Nothing really wrong with it, but I'm not in the mood.  I'm saying it shouldn't be turn based because I really don't see how that could work with a single character to control. I doubt it even exists, and if it does it's probably not very good.   Really I want something with decent combat and I'd like a good story/voice acting, but the latter might be reaching a bit.  Couple things I've seen already:  * Ys series. Played one of these. Never really *got* it, I found the combat terrible and story pointless.   * FFXIII: Lightning Returns. This looks pretty good, but I never played FFXIII before and I don't want to play it or watch the whole thing just to know enough to care about the plot of this. Maybe I will though...  * Kingdom Hearts might fit, it's pretty light on the party and management aspects, but it's still technically there. Played all but 358/2 days.
[freespace 2]	I have posted this thread twice earlier ([1](https:// and [2](https:// and both times I have gotten some amazing suggestions! So,since now I have more free time to play games, it's time for the third part!   Tell us why should we play your favorite game and what makes it your favorite, and also check out other threads for amazing suggestions! (Morrowind boys, don't disappoint me!)
[kotor]	I recently discovered that this particular aspect of a game is really appealing to me for some reason.  Some people care about in-depth character customization screens or really impactful sound design.  I personally like damage indicator numbers that flash above the enemy AND that are relatively within the player's control to change via various game mechanics.  I think I like it because these floating damage indicators are instantaneous feedback on what I'm doing right or wrong in a game.  Example games:  * Borderlands series * Diablo 3 * Warframe * Europa Universalis IV  Anyone have any recommendations for PC games with similar damage indicators?  More interested in number damage indicators, rather than green healthbars or animations.  Here's an example [video](https:// of Diablo 3 showing tons of glorious damage numbers.  It doesn't matter the game genre you recommend.  It can be an MMO (east or west), a CCG, an FPS, an RTS, a TBS, etc.  I'm just looking for interesting game suggestions that fall under a similar theme (Damage indicators -- those numbers floating above the enemy for a brief instant).  This is just a small aspect of game design that I thought was interesting and want to look into further.  I realize that other people may value other aspects of game design more, such as story immersion rather than damage stats, so they will probably find these kinds of floating damage number indicators more as a negative rather than a positive.  For example, Path of Exile by design doesn't show damage numbers at all.  Thanks.
[dirt rally, out there]	Hey there.     I was wondering if you can help me. I'm looking for a rally racing game but with one requirement - normal racing seasons - a career mode. Not an unlockable races like in most games. Normal racing season. You got a race - you race. If you fail, that's your problem, we are going to the next event and you are dropped in the ladder. If you fail too much - sorry you are out of the season try again.     I think something like that was in Colin McRay Rally but my memory may be vague.     And this is about it being offline.     I wish for something newer (at least newer than Colin McRay Rally).
[tales from the borderlands, life is strange]	sooo i'm not much of a ~hardcore gamer~ if you will. i'm awful at shooters and don't really enjoy battling very much. i really like adventure games, especially the pretty, artsy, indie kind, usually with female protagonists but i'll make exceptions for super fun &amp; whimsical games. love a good story/plot, whether it's light and cute or deep and intense.  some examples of my favorite games are life is strange (my all-time favorite) and the nancy drew games produced by her interactive. i also played gone home, which i liked a lot and would consider in the same vein as those two. basically i like exploring and examining objects to figure out a story as well as a good mystery!  i'd also accept recommendations for fun/whimsical games such as costume quest (which has fighting but it's fun/easy so i don't hate it) or more life is strange-esque story games. i started broken age last night and got bored after like 15 minutes-- i could be persuaded to give it another try. i also downloaded oxenfree but haven't started it yet.  no anime games please.  help? :D
[game on]	Looking for a game that does not require a mouse (outside of perhaps needing a mouse to change options and stuff, but no relying on mouse to play the game).   Preferably relatively short (~10 hours) or replayable. Something like Rogue Legacy (already own and beat it a few times. Doesn't have to be a Rogue-like game, but the general idea of the controls--completely playable without a mouse and internet access).  Will be without my mouse for a few days (and no internet), so I want to see if there is any games I can buy on Steam that I can play without needing a mouse.  EDIT: I forgot; controller-based games are also okay I think. I should have access to my Xbox 360 controller that i can just hook up to my computer if necessary.   EDIT2: Thanks for all of the suggestions guys, will take a look at some of them!
[enter the gungeon]	Since I've started working full time after graduating from college a couple years ago, I've found my interest for the large, triple A titles has decreased significantly, and I have moved on to games that are simpler in nature that I can pick up for a couple hours at a time just as something to do. I'm currently playing Rocket League and Shellshock Live regularly, and poured hundreds of hours into The Binding of Isaac, which I am now patiently awaiting the release of Afterbirth+ to dive back into it after 100%-ing the game. I play Rocket League on the Xbox One and Shellshock and BoI on PC if anyone was curious.  I'm not really sure if I'm looking for anything particularly similar to these (Rocket League and Shellshock don't have a lot of common games to compare them to, and I never really found another roguelike I truly liked after Isaac). I think I want to add a simulation-driven game, similar to Besiege or KSP, both of which I've tried but haven't totally stuck, to give my library a little more variety so I don't get stale of one thing for too long. I might revisit either of those games to see if they'll catch on this time, but having more options would be nice. In reality, any suggestion that revolves around a game that doesn't involve hours and hours of commitment a day would be ideal.
[assassins creed, assassins creed]	I'm looking for open world RPGs that have interesting things to do on or under the water without having the water be the central focus of the game or world.  An example of this would be The Elder Scrolls series or World of Warcraft, though you can't sail in either, they do have treasure you can get while swimming.  Windwaker has great sailing but if at all possible I would like a bit more land and less ocean, but that's not a deal breaker.  I just want a game that has that extra layer of exploration without sacrificing the land aspect of it.
[red orchestra]	Hi,  I'm looking for an older WW2 Multiplayer FPS that still has a fairly large and active playerbase. It doesn't have to have thousands of active players but I would at least like to be able to get in a fully populated game at all times of the day.  I'm not a big fan of COD/Battlefield but I used to love Medal of Honor: Allied Assault back in the day and am looking to rekindle my love for these types of games.   The reason I'm asking for an "older" game is because I'd prefer to pay $20 or less for a game like this.  Thanks a lot!
[tropico, eco]	I'm looking at Factorio right now, and I'm seriously interested.  However, the premise of bulldozing a pristine planetary environment and filling it with smog-chugging industry leaves me somewhat chagrined.  The more I consider it, I've never actually been able to find a city-builder or a management sim, or something of that broad genre, that allows the player to interact with the game environment in a way that's something other than out-and-out exploitative.  If you play Cities: Skylines, you can unlock more eco-friendly power generation and transit options as you go along, but the basic gameplay is bulldozing thousands of trees and pouring sewage from your residents into the local waterways.  Banished comes closer to the ideal that I'm referring to, but I found the gameplay in that to be a little too shallow, somehow.    Any ideas or recommendations?  
[rhythm heaven fever, portal 2, megamix, be good]	The only games I have ever really gotten into before are Guitar Hero/ RockBand and the Super Mario series (The Lost Levels, (New) Super Mario Brothers 1 &amp; 2, etc). I have access to a Wii, Xbox 360, PS2, and 3DS. I got really into the Super Mario series again this summer, and I'm thinking about trying something new, hopefully with a structure similar to Mario.  Sorry if I'm being too vague - I don't know a lot of technical gaming lingo.   Any suggestions? Games with good soundtracks are a bonus :)   Thanks!   PS: I've discovered Fez and Portal (2) through looking for good game soundtracks to listen to while working. Anyone who's played either of the two - do you think that one of them would be a good fit for someone like me? 
[need for speed underground 2]	I really have an itch for a good street racing game after a long period of not playing any. I have also never played a Need for Speed game, although I am open to it, but I need some headers. I am looking for an open world (?) street racing game that allows me to customize and upgrade cars. I would also appreciate a wide variety of cars. Games I have played:  Midnight Club 3 - This is the most fun racing experience I have ever had. I loved being able to build my up from a starter car and drive super expensive exotic cars and souped up Japanese tuners.   Midnight Club LA - I did not enjoy it as much as 3 but it was still pretty fun  Burnout Paradise- I actually did not like this game as much as I thought I would. I mainly did not like it because there were no licensed cars and felt too arcadey which may sound strange but I want a semi immersive experience.   Note: I am not looking for track racing games or rally racers. Thank you for your suggestions.
[metal gear solid, blade 2]	I was incredibly hyped about the prospect of playing Cavalry in Battlefield 1, but the price and realizations about EA's general business approach have put me off the game.   So, I'm looking for other FPS or third-person games where I can play cavalry, made charges and ride-by-attacks. The only one I really know about is Mount &amp; Blade &amp; its variants, especially the Napoleonic one. But is there anything else?  Multiplayer is preferred, but i suppose not entirely mandatory. It's also probably important to note that other players shouldn't all be cavalry. If everyone is cavalry, is mostly defeats the point of cavalry.   
[throne of darkness, way of the samurai, jade empire]	So, lately I've really been into Feudal Japan and all things related to it. Because of that, I started playing the Gekokujo mod for Mount and Blade Warband. I really like it and I'm having a blast with it, but to be honest, playing it kinda makes me want to play a fully fledged open world Action RPG set in Feudal Japan. Does something like that exist? If not, what's the closest thing I can get that fits this description? I'm thinking Way of The Samurai series, but I don't really know if that's the thing I'm looking for.  The preferred platform is PC, but I'm open to emulation as well (hence the Way of The Samurai suggestion). Thanks in advance for all recommendations.
[torchlight 2, tomb raider, bioshock]	I don't really know what I'm looking for to be honest.   Here's my steam http://   I have witcher 3 on GoG dont hate me but that game makes me feel like im reading a book and am pretty eh about it.   I just want a good game to play man, maybe im missing a gem or two in my own library honestly please tell me what to play. I think CSGO really ruined my game taste :/ Just playing other games isnt the same   Edit - I also have overwatch and am kinda eh with it, its fun but not sink my hours into fun 
[persona 3]	I've been playing through Persona 4 with my boyfriend, since it's his favorite game in the whole world, and I've never played it. But the thing is we're long distance until October, so I won't be playing again until then. In the meantime, I'd love another game like Persona 4 to play while I'm waiting for his return... since I'm now hopelessly and completely obsessed with the game.  What I like about it:  * The life sim aspect  * The turn-based battle  * The campy-yet-absorbing story  * The voice acting  * Dialogue choices  * My choices affect the story and the characters  * Edit: The music! Of course!  * Edit 2: Relationship-building  Thank you for any and all help!!
[guild wars 2]	I'm looking for an mmo with interesting combat where quests are unnecessary. I want a game with a world that's fun to explore and kill things and possibly do dungeon-type things with groups, but a lot of the games I'm looking into seem to revolve around quests, which immediately bores me. I like runescape's combat and skilling and don't really understand other mmos' combat systems because it just seems like a lot of combo mashing but I'd still like to hear suggestions for systems that are considered interesting or entry-level
[planescape torment, legacy of kain]	Basically, I get really into anything with a sense of deep time.  Ancient locations and enemies - but especially ancient main characters.  I guess I just like the themes of denying death, supernatural/scifi shit, lost memories etc.  I really liked:    - The Witcher 3  - The Order 1886  - Bloodborne/DS (I always go 100+ on the age slider and use the old voice)  - DOOM (not sure of actual timeline, but headcannon checks out)  - The Banner Saga  Are there any other games - released or upcoming - that let you play as an unnaturally old (yet sprightly) character?  And how long until we get a new Wolverine game?  
[final fantasy]	Hello all!   I'll get right to it. I really like certain aspects of JRPGS but not so much others. I've been a fan of WRPGs (like TES series, lighter stuff like Borderlands, Diablo, other various ARPGs) my whole life but have only delved into JRPGs a little bit, but I find myself becoming bored with many that I try to like, but wanting more.   My perfect game would have a good amount of grinding (for levels/skills and loot), a decent (but not overwhelming) amount of exploration (I like to be able to look around but it's irritating when it's very easy to get lost in some games), a few core characters comprising a party (I don't like having to manage a lot of characters, a game that puts 4 characters into my party by itself would be fine), and not *too* story heavy (I often enjoy the story but I'm here for the battles and other gameplay elements for the most part).   I know this is a pretty particular set of criteria but believe me I've been looking around for a while. Please just let me know if you have any ideas, I don't need something perfect I just want suggestions.
[gone home]	Hi guys, you know any good narrative driven game? The only thing I'm looking for is a good story, so even if the gameplay/graphic is shit, as long as its plot pack a punch, I'll take it. Here are some of the games I played/watched playthrough for reference:  - Until Dawn - Firewatch - The Last of Us (love!) - Life Is Strange (love!) - Batman Telltale - Batman Arkham series - The Vanishing of Ethan Carter -  Noire - To the Moon - Heavy Rain (meh) - Beyond: Two Souls (meh) - Oxenfree (loved!) - Fatal Frame (the first 3 were good) - Amnesia the Dark Descent - Red Dead Redemption - Soma - Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth - The Company of Myself  So guys, anything like those?
[dead by daylight, my friends]	For a few years now I've been wanting a game where you are chased by 'something' which will inevitably catch up with you - it's just up to you how long it takes.  A couple of examples:  1. You're running through corridors and rooms.  A black 'void' is devouring everything behind you. Chairs, tables, even the bricks from the walls are getting sucked into it.  It moves steadily towards you.  Sometimes you come across locked doors and have to back track or find keys etc.  2. You're out in the open, either a desert or rural area. A dark cloud approaches. From it, tentacles appear, slowly moving to the ground, slowly following you, trying to get you. You run away. You come across buildings, towers, etc, that you can hide in. While hiding in them, the entity can send tentacles in, but if you avoid them for a certain amount of time it heads off in another direction giving you some time to continue escaping.  You might even come across vehicles you can use for a brief period.  Thanks!  Edit: Thanks for all the comments and suggestions :)
[super meat boy, downwell, vvvvvv, n++, n++]	I'm about to pick up a 50 dollar Steam gift card, and I'm wondering if you guys could recommend me some solid games.  What I mean when I say "flow" is being able to string or cancel actions into each other. Things like dashing and attacking immediately after, jumping onto a slope and rolling in Sonic, stuff like that.  Really, I'm looking for games, ideally platformers, but other genres are cool too, that have nice, responsive movement, with a good sense of flow, speed, and momentum. 2D or 3D, either is fine for me.
[risk of rain]	*Some I've enjoyed:*  * **Rogue Legacy** My favorite game of this genre. Almost perfect in every way to me.  * **Nuclear Throne** I LOVE this game.  * **FTL** Really fun, but the extreme amounts of RNG make it tolerable in only small doses for me.  * **Enter the Gungeon** I enjoyed it, but no where as much as Nuclear Throne.   *Some I have not enjoyed:*  * **Binding of Isaac** Hard to place my finger on it, but I think it's mostly that I find the weapons unsatisfying to use. Maybe too much wandering around after clearing a level also.  * **Spelunky** Couldn't hold my attention for some reason. Maybe I'm too into gratuitous violence...    Currently considering **Ziggurat**.   
[space games, this game, this game, aquanox, aquanox]	I've been recently suggested several space sandbox games. As someone who has almost no experience with this genre, please be understanding if my assumption that these games are somewhat similar in style is incorrect.  Here are the games I've either been recommended or have come across myself:  * [Space Rangers HD: A War Apart](http://  * [Elite Dangerous](http://  * [X3: Terran Conflict](http://  * [Starpoint Gemini 2](http://  Would any of these be a good introduction to this kind of game for a total beginner? Would you recommend a different game instead?  **NOTE:** I'm not interested in EVE mainly due to the fact that it is an MMO. I'm not looking for an MMO experience right now.
[7 days to die]	I play Rust with a couple of other guys and the PvP and "kill on sight" aspects of the game are real turn offs.  We don't have a lot of time to play games together, but we are really looking for something that has the level of visual polish that Rust has and the crafting/building aspects but also has a good PvE type element to it as well.  Something where there feels like a real reason we are building a base and crafting weapons besides just killing a deer for food kinds of things (or like playing Rust on an empty server.)  Thoughts?
[rayman legends, n++]	My boyfriend plays all sorts of video games on his ps4 and pc.  I however do not play as much.  I grew up playing original nintendo and sega, and my favorite games were always all the mario games and sonic.  I didn't play anything for awhile, now I really enjoy little big planet, the lego games, katamari, basically anything cute and cartoony with fun songs (i am a grown woman who plays video games designed for children basically).    He, most recently, has been playing witcher 3 and in the not too distant past, he was playing star wars battlefront, fallout, he normally plays games when I'm not there, I'm sure there are others, a lot of the games he plays just aren't my thing.  I've played most of the games I like and my boyfriend really loves playing video games, i thought it might be something fun to do together.  Right now our main video game console is the PS4. Can anyone recommend any games that might be fun for us to play together that are easy enough for me to grasp (think no complicated button combinations) but challenging enough to keep his interest that we would be able to play together?  
[siren: blood curse]	Hi all. I'm looking for a good, effective horror game to play. I've been tossing around the idea of playing Silent Hill 2 &amp; 3, but I'm working on ordering them off the internet, getting a wireless ps2 controller, and getting an AV-to-HDMI cable.  In the interim, are there any good, effective horror games available for the ps3 or ps4? I've heard bad things about the Silent Hill HD Collection, and the later Silent Hill games like Downpour and Homecoming. But is the HD collection really that unbearable? What are its major issues? I'm not great at shooters, so stuff like Dead Space, Resident Evil, or the Alien games don't quite appeal to me. I also prefer more atmospheric horror rather than jumpscare-based horror. Is there anything like that for the ps3 or ps4, or should I just concentrate my efforts on getting Silent Hill 3 and 4?
[tales from the borderlands, life is strange]	hey all, I am looking for some more story driven games similar to Telltale or Heavy Rain.  I have Played and loved:    Telltale Walking Dead  TT Game of thrones (I really liked it, seems a lot of people didn't)  TT Wolf among us (favorite by far)  Heavy Rain  Beyond Two Souls  That is about it for the story driven genre, but I dont know what to actual call this type of game so I am having trouble finding more.  I am currently downloading Life is Strange  I am 100% open to anime/jrpg interactive graphic novels, its just hard to weed thru what is good and what is not.  Thanks for any and all suggestions!
[undertale, nier]	This is something I really love, the more story heavy the game is the better this becomes.  Plenty of games offer a NG+ mode but it's usually just a matter of restarting the game while keeping the player's endgame statistics/equipment/etc. while the story remains the same.    Sometimes a new game plus will add something extra at the end such as additional bosses or a different ending.  What I'm looking for instead is a new game plus that actively changes the story. The Player Character remembers what happened and therefore acts differently.  ---  As per title, I'm looking for games that can be played on PC. Playstation 1 and 2, Gamecube, Wii, Nintendo DS and PSP are also fine as their emulation has reached a good level.   Before you cry foul, obviously I own all of those consoles and would buy the games. Obviously.
[persona 4, persona 3]	Sorry about that typo up thur^^ (a not an)  **TLDR - I'm looking for a new RPG to play with an amazing story, not that candy-corn cliche garbage.**  Looking for a new jRPG to play.  I just finished Suikoden 2. What a ride! It made me really nostalgic towards how games used to be, and what they've become (with very few exceptions). I couldn't remember the last time I was so deeply involved with the story, despite its drawbacks. Like being a bit repetitive with the tasks sometimes ( go sleep, talk to Shu, go sleep again, talk to Shu). The only reason I picked it up was for the story, which didn't disappoint (I played 1 long, long ago and I don't remember it being as compelling as this one).   Suikoden 2 did a great job with many facets and elements on their story, and I was never bored of the political jargon that gets thrown around, which is rare. I get frustrated when I see story cliches in games, which is why I think the games they make nowadays are so toxic. There's barely any originality like their used to be, it feels like. The Tales series is a great example of this. Gameplay wise, Tales games are always fun as fuck. But let's be real, the fighting gets boring after your 1000th encounter (especially when 99% of games is mash auto attack and win), and after a while I'm going to turn to something else to keep me motivated to play. I've played my share of Tales games, and I feel like I've seen all there is to see through them.  Of course, I'm speaking very general, and I'm sure there's games out there that could have the same effect on me, but nothing gets me like a jRPG. It's what I grew up with. What I grew to love.  So let me just say this: As far as gameplay goes, I really don't care how bad it is or how it looks. I literally have 1 requirement:  **I want the story to blow me away.**  Here's a list of games that I've played and how I felt about them so that you have an idea of my taste. I know I wrote a lot here, I don't expect equally lengthy answers or anything, but if someone could recommend something to me that'd be awesome!  Games:  * **obv Suikoden 1&amp;2**  * **Star Ocean 2** - Will always be one of my favorites. May not have had the strongest story, but it was one of my first ventures into the genre and I'll never forget the feels.  * **Star Ocean 3** - Fighting was great. Story was whatever. Really cliche up until the plot twist, and then it felt really, REALLY rushed. Did not make an impact on me like 2 did in any sense of the word.  * **Tales of Destiny 1&amp;2/Xillia/Vesperia** - ToD 1 was  ToD2 was great because I could play the combat with a friend, but the story was really uneventful for me. Vesperia was cool for the protagonist, but I lost interest really quick once I saw the story troping over the horizon.  * **Final Fantasy 4/7/8/9/10** - I know these are vastly different games, but I kind of feel the same way about all Final Fantasies I've played - they're always great. The story is always compelling, at the very least, even if the combat gets boring after a while. I haven't played any of them recently enough to hate on them, but I only remember good things. That says a lot, especially since I like fanning the 'this game is ass' fire.  * **FF Tactics** - But this game has a special place in my heart. Best story in the FF universe, even if it isn't super heavily character based. Bunch of twist and turns, and watching Ramza grow up was extremely rewarding. Not to mention strat-RPG's are probably the funnest RPG's. Disgaea doesn't even come close to this even after 5 (6?) iterations.  * **Undertale** - Yeah I put it here. So what? This games amazing. Great example of a great story and fun game-play with bad graphics. The beauty isn't in the pixels!  * **Cross/Trigger** - Not much has to be said. I prefer Trigger over Cross because of the flow of the story - I feel like once that thing happens to Lynx and Serge in Cross the story ramps up to this crazy hard to follow plot. Gameplay from both was very similar, although I like that Cross has so many characters you can test out the Unite attacks with. At the end of the day though, it's just turn based battle. Trigger just had a fantastic flow. The story never feels disconnected or random (or at least, not ridiculously random) and you really feel at one with a lot of the characters even if you get them later in the game. Magus &gt; Lynx.  * **Legend of Legaia** - I barely remember this story, but that fighting system! Discovering new arts always felt super rewarding, and I think this is an example of combat that I actually liked. Intuitive, and gives you the oppurtunity to be creative and rewarded for that creativity. Thought it was an honorable mention just for that, but I could honestly replay this if someone can vouch for the story (as I don't remember it at all besides Vahn starting out in a town with a beach).  * **Saga Frontier 2** - Another one I wouldn't mind replaying as I have fond memories of it (the music, fighting, Gustaff getting  This game was good). I remember the story being extremely political, and I don't think I absorbed it all as a child when I first played it. Can someone vouch for this one?  * **Thousand Arms** - Am I getting too obscure? I like this game in the uniqueness it brings to the table. Dating sims are alright, but dating sims where the outcome effects whether or not I get that special move I've been wanting? That's dope. I recall the story being interesting, but it might be just littered with cliches and tropes for all I remember. I remember it being comical, which I like. But, I think as I've gotten older, these things have lost their luster. I know this would be a great pick if I wanted something lighthearted, though. Again, wouldn't mind replaying if someone can vouch.   I think I gave you guys enough to go off. If you've stuck around and read this whole thing, thank you so much! 
[final fantasy xiv]	I'm looking for a game, preferably free-to-play but I'm not against paying up front (I can't do monthly subscriptions right now), where I can get home from a day and sit at my computer and grind away. It doesn't necessarily have to be a traditional MMO style game but I find myself preferring games that I can play online as opposed to single player games. I already play League and Planetside 2, so those are off the map. If I have a bad game on League it can cause me to get stressed and I'm not always in the mood for a shooter so I'm looking for something that I can play for a few hours before bed that doesn't run the risk of tilting me harshly. Not that this could really help you suggest anything to me I think, but I'm looking for something that'll help me feel the way Runescape did when I got home from middle school. Thanks guys!
[tropico 5 ]	I've extensively played and love Cities Skylines, but one of the oddest things for me about city builders like that is you're starting from nothing with 21st century tech, and it never advances from there. What I want is a game where you start with settling a town with gravel streets and horses and such, and as time goes on there's a tech tree that evolves your city, adding things like cobblestone, gas lighting, electricity, pavement, cars, etc. Does anything like this exist?  I'm not looking for something like Civilization, I want the core game to be focused on building and growing a city like in SimCity or C:Sky. Just with more history to it. 
[dead state]	I'm not sure if this is actually a thing, but lately I've really been feeling like playing a game that involves owning a base/house/homestead, and gradually acquiring upgrades for it. It doesn't need to be the central aspect of the game ( I'm not looking for the Sims), but I just like the feeling of building something up with what I manage to find throughout the game.  Some examples I've already played that come to mind for having this aspect somewhere in the game are Skyrim, Assassin's Creed II, Overlord, and even Runescape. Any chance anyone can think of any others? Thanks!
[one finger death punch, assault android cactus, dungeons of dredmor, thomas was alone, riddled corpses, path of exile, rogue legacy, risk of rain, grow home, grim dawn, grow up, runers]	Hey everyone.   Sorry if the titles is annoying, but i got a problem, i haven't been gaming lately, i tried out the Bf1 beta, but i got bored instantly, and even though i've played Battlefield since 2002 i won't be continuing with the series anymore.   The problem is that most, if not all games i've played is not enjoyable anymore, i get so bored i just stop. Some of the titles i have been playing this year are:  Overwatch Battlefield 4 League of Legends Gta 5 Sniper Elite 3 Spintires World of Warships  And, ofcourse my absolute favorite with the most amount of hours by far: Diablo 3, but Diablo has kindof gone to shite tbh. I eventually, even though i loved the game, got bored of the whole "Lets get to lvl 70 today, and then just spend our life doing rifts and greater rifts to get paragons... because, why not?"   So, i'm currently open to suggestions, i would like a game where there is progression, but at the same time not to time consuming. And also something i can play in my own pace, i really like to have a game like Diablo 3 where i can just hop into action, and leave whenever i want to.  Thank you so much for any tips! :)
[assassin's creed, action games, tomb raider, darksiders]	I would like a single player PC game with decent story progression (enough to keep me invested, does not have to be amazing). In terms of gameplay, I would love something like a platformer+action (ie. Prince of Persia -1/2/3 or Assassin's creed). I am open to trying something else though.  I really like the Warcraft 3 story/atmosphere etc but don't really enjoy the rts playstyle - the few rpg elements of the campaign were my favorite parts. I don't enjoy FPS games at all, so nothing with heavy FPS stuff, ie no bioshock/fallout/half life etc.  The game shouldn't be too hard. From what I have heard, Uncharted looks perfect except for it not being on the PC.   Edit: I haven't really played too many games other than the ones mentioned above(Prince of Persia 1/2/3, Assassin's creed 2, Diablo 2, Warcraft 3).
[everybody's gone to the rapture, tales from the borderlands, the wolf among us, the walking dead, firewatch, gone home]	Hello there. I'm a big film and filmmaking guy, not really a gamer. I'm looking for a game with an interestic story, that is focued on a story more than a gameplay. Something that is more like an interactive movie than a game. I finished playing Life Is Strange a couple of days ago, and it was perfect (One of the best stories I've experienced through any medium, still recovering emotionally). I know I probably won't find anything as good but those are some of the traits I'm looking for: 1) It didn't have that much gameplay, and the most important part of the gameplay was making choices - that is taking part in a story. 2) It was realistic (stylistically, and the characters felt very real). It felt like an interactive movie. It doesn't have to be similar to LiS as long as it has a good story, and not a lot of gameplay. For example I remember enjoying the story of The Longest Journey very much, but a lot of this game involved running around and solving riddles and the story, altough very interesting was kind of a background for the gameplay. And I'm not really into horror, or post-apocalyptic/zombie games (like TWD). Bonus points for games set in real present day/near future world. Bonus points for good soundtrack. I'm looking into Beyond: Two Souls. Any other suggestions?  EDIT: I just realized Beyond: Two Souls is only for PS. Shame, I'm only looking for PC games.
[the witcher]	Currently in a gaming rut. I really want a good, immersive story game. I just finished Fable 3 and got really into it (as well as Fable 1, tbh). I jump-scare easily so preferably games that are not terrifying. Also, I'm a girl so bonus points for female leads. Here's a list of games I really enjoyed:  * All the Fable games * On and off playing Mass Effect already, having a hard time getting into it though * TellTale games, specifically: Tales From the Borderlands, Life is Strange, and The Wolf Among Us (by far my favorite) * Obviously much more casual than story but Stardew Valley had me addicted for months * Bastion * Transistor  * South Park: The Stick of Truth  Overall I just don't like games that are really stressful. Thanks in advance!
[clicker heroes]	This is a weird request but I'm looking for a game that will reward me just for having it on while I am studying. I don't mind actually PLAYING when I am not studying, but I want a way to feel doubly productive while I study. Absolutely minimum focus needed from me in that scenario. I don't think I have ADD but the urge to game when I am studying is too strong and if I am "being productive in the game" while I do my work... win win! Literally don't care what kind of game it is if it fits that description. Thanks!
[stardew valley]	Hey Reddit!  So I'm leaving for university in a couple of days, and as a parting gift, I would like to buy/download some games for my little sister on her computer because I can tell she REALLY loves gaming. The 2 main games she plays are Minecraft and Roblox.  I'm looking for something appropriate for her age (no extreme violence/gore/swearing). I've been researching for a bit and the only game I've found suitable for her is Rocket League.  So I was hoping maybe some of you lovely people might have any ideas or suggestions! 
[rocket league, duelyst, fix it]	Should I play payday 2,league of legends,csgo,duelyst or team fortress 2?  I really like competitive games,i have a lot of fun playing competitive games.  Btw i want to focus on just a game to get really good  Payday 2 is not competitive but its like a game to play sometimes not eveyrday to try to get better.  League of legends is competitive but complex thats gives a lot of chance to get good.  Duelyst competitve game,no need to rely on your teammates,you win by your skill not anything else but it isnt really that famous but i like it even if i am not really good at it xD  CSGO is a good game,competitive has a lot of  used to play a lot of  when younger but this game is infested with cheaters,i have only 80fps at minimum settings and i get really tilted,i rage a lot when playing this  the rng this game has  as a skill based shooter is just bullsh*t  Team fortress 2 is a game that i like because its like overwatch and because  i cant afford overwatch,i tried this game but it feels a bit weird and the game is dead and dead games is like playing against  boring because the players are really good or trolling and there's no skill ceiling anymor  Also should i play the games my friends play or games that i like?   Also i prefer to play competitive games because it makes me feel good and feels like i am working for something when playing  casual games or games like payday 2 against bots you just try to get the most money and the fastest time in heists and stuff but you feel like you arent doing a thing.  Also competitives games (esport) are like  at the start you may not like it,you just do it because someone recommended it to  you find out how competitive it is,you just want to be the best you can be and compete,prove yourself :) Atleast thats how games feel for me and i want to get really good and play competitive games.  Which game should I play? League of legends,team fortress 2,payday 2,csgo or duelyst?  Or i should try dota 2?  Btw most of my friends play duelyst,payday 2,league of legends or csgo I really dont know if i should play waht they play because they just play for fun,they dont have the drive and the motivation to compete and be the best i can be like i do :/  Overall i want a competitive game thats immersive,a bit addicting and fun :) If not,just something to play with friends   And honestly when not playing games,competitive games or not playing with friends i just feel deeply depressed  For the record my pc isnt really good xD GTX 520 and intel i3 processor
[dragon's dogma: dark arisen, shadow of the colossus , shadowrun: dragonfall, xenoblade chronicles, pillars of eternity, monster hunter, devil may cry, space rangers, fantasyland, dark souls, hong kong, get out]	Alright, so I might need to clarify this a bit. I wrote (RP)G because, while I prefer RPGs or stuff with RPG elements, it isn't a *complete* neccessity if the rest works out.  For a change, something like Saint's Row is fun as well.  What I'm looking for is a game that offers deep character customization - be it visual, skill/stat wise or both - with lots of potential to try out different setups. Games where I can shape a premade character in a meaningful way (Planescape: Torment) count as well, but those are rare.  Optimally, I would be able to feel the repercussions of my character setup in the game (think Planescape: Torment, Pillars of Eternity, Vampire: Bloodlines), with it influencing gameplay and progression.  Oh, on the technical side, I'd prefer PC games - indie preferred but not a neccessity. Please no MMO or mostly online based games. __________________________________________________   To give a clearer picture, here are some games I already played (which you don't need to recommend):  * Fallout 1, 2, 3, New Vegas, 4 and Tactics * Baldur's Gate 1 and 2, Icewind Dale, ToEE * Planescape: Torment * Vampire: Bloodlines (and Redemption) * The Elder Scrolls I - V and Online * Divinity 1, 2, Original Sin * Risen 1 - 3 and Gothic 1 - * The Witcher 1 - 3 * Dark Souls 1 - 3 and Bloodborne * Hunting Games like MH, Toukiden, God Eater * Diablo 1 - 3 * most of the popular Roguelikes and Lites, but feel free to recommend smaller ones  edit  * Dragon's Dogma * Shadowrun Series * Xenoblade Chronicles
[rocket league, overwatch]	I need a game to take over for my LOL addiction I have had for the past 3 years. Riot is too sensitive, I just got banned for 24 hours for literally saying someone is bad as playing Nocturne.  All I said was "You need to play Nocturne more in normals before going ranked as you are bad at him now and can't gank correctly".  So I prefer free to play multi player games, already spent a lot of time in hearthstone, I am not on a very good computer either, laptop with 6th gen intel I5, 8 gigs of ram and integrated video card so games like Tribes 2 are out.  I am very competitive so single player games do not do much for me either and DOTA 2 is boring to me when league is much more faster paced. Any suggestions? I am open to all types and genres.
[europa universalis, democracy 3, out there]	Specifically, a game where I would start at the beginning of my political career, get elected to and perform in different roles, then gradually work my way up (something like mayor, state senator, governor, President) or something like that.          People have mentioned CK2 but I'm looking for something a bit more modern in terms of setting.  Ideally it'd be something that would simulate the American political process, but any Democracy would be fine.        The progression is a real important part for me personally.  I've tried games like Democracy 3 where you start off in the role of President right off the bat.  I guess I'm looking for something with a bit more of a "career" focus.  I'd like to be able to start small and build my way up to a higher position.  Ideally the game would be very heavy on diplomacy and policy.         Any suggestions?
[civ 2]	I'm just working on a Sci-Fi thing with a friend and it's time for me to design some space ships.   I can't draw for shit so I tried designing a ship in KSP, which I've spent a lot of time playing anyway. While I like the interface of KSP, my imagination's kind of limited to the available parts, and the fact that I can't do anything to the interior of a ship.  Space Engineers seems to have the freedom I need, and was already in my Steam Library, but "manually" building stuff in 1st or 3rd person is kind of tedious for what I'm trying to do.   I also have Starmade, but it seems like it will have the same problem as SE.   So again, looking for a game with a construction mode similar to KSP and with freedom of Space engineers. 
[just cause 2, axiom verge, gta iv]	Swapping out my r9 380x for an [ASUS Dual-GTX1060-O6gb](http:// next week. The old card was staying cool and quiet, and I hadn't overclocked it yet so I know I could have got another 5-10% out of it probably, but it was the only component I'm dissatisfied with. So it's gone. I know I'm taking a chance with ASUS RMA and other support if something goes wrong, but the card is too much of an upgrade and too perfect of a match with my white case, black trim and components, and blue lights build. As an aside, isn't there a PCIE extension I can use so I can flip the card, and show the front of it??  I was getting 45+ in Witcher 3 (1080@60, high and a few ultra settings but shadows and grass low) and staying at 65-70c. Now I'll max everything without hesitation.  But I don't have many games that can push it. So what do you suggest I check out? I like action RPGs, *a few* shooters can be ok sometimes (Borderlands 1 was great, 2 is ehhh, blops campaigns are alright but won't ever buy because I don't do multiplayer, etc) and a lot of retro stuff. I guess with modern games I only like the best, or at least very specific ones, in any genre, so it's hard for me to break out of my RPG and emulation habit. Help!  Oh, and if the game I grab ends up not being too expensive, I'll probably grab a Steam controller while I'm at it.
[the sims]	I found that playing games in the languages you wanna learn is very efficient  (because your mind make associations between your action and what you do)  Do you guys have ideas of games wich have Russian language :    If possible :   - good games   - simple games, NO action or fast paced stuff - some text but NO long paragraphs    - not necessarily audio in russian    - repetitive game mechanics so I can associate words with action    - not stressed by time so I can take time ever to read and understand, look up words in dictionary    - realistic setting so I can learn real life usefull words      My idea was a game like Starrdew Valley .... does it have Russian ?  I guess games with ressources collecting, simple story lines, light hearted    Thank you
[payday 2]	I recently moved away from my hometown and all of my friends. I miss casual gaming with them and the common-goal kinds of games we played. To fill the void I've been playing a LOT of R6 Siege on Terrorist Hunt (PvAI). I like that it's PvE and if you get a good squad of guys you can goof around and have some fun. But I'm level 100 and growing bored with it. I want to pick up a new game. Here's my list of things I'm looking for:  1. Online Co-op PvE  2. An active community  3. First Person (preferably shooter)  4. Leveling or character progression  5. Defense or shelter building (not necessary, but Hostage Defense mode in R6 Siege really has me liking this sort of frantic team work)  6. People goof around and don't take it too seriously  Thanks everyone!
[wolfenstein: the new order, spec ops: the line, tomb raider , primordia]	I'm a casual gamer, and apparently not very good at video games, but I still enjoy them.  I'm looking for something that will let me get lost in a story, but not piss me off by being too challenging. The old Lucasarts adventure games and the Walking Dead are a good examples, as well as games like Bioshock, Red Dead Redemption, the recent GTAs, Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons to name a few off the top of my head.  Some challenge is fine, but stuff like Dark Souls, while intriguing, just leads me to being frustrated.  Games like Fallout 3 or Skyrim seem tempting at first, but the open nature of them just leads to hours of meandering (at least for me).  Lately I've been playing Shadow of Mordor, FTL, and Rocket League, and they're all good in their own regard, but I'm not getting that immersion in a story that I'm craving.  I'm open to any genre, really, just as long as its capable of running on a mid-grade PC.
[the guild 2 renaissance]	Hello everyone, I have been going through and playing the Sims games recently, all the way from Sims 1 to Sims 4, and I really enjoyed getting back into them. Now I have finished playing them all for the most part, and I am looking for a new life simulation game similar to The Sims to play. I would like the gameplay to be somewhat similar, but variation is fine. Some similar games that I have played recently, Stardew Valley (Amazing game, now one of my favorites.), Animal Crossing, and Virtual Villagers. I don't have any money for consoles at the moment, but feel free to suggest some games anyways, but focus on pc mostly though if you would. Thanks!
[monster hunter]	Sorry for the vague title, but I'm honestly not sure how to articulate the kind of game I want.  Let me instead give a few examples:  * **Terraria:** I've been playing this and after so many hours of exploring, digging, and crafting, I can look at the town I've made, the traps I wired, and my huge treasure room with statues and loot and think "I've come a long way."  * **Skyrim:** After hours and hours of saving gold, iron, and lumber, I have a fantastic house built by me, with a family, and a trophy room full of stuffed creatures. Tons of loot in the basement, etc.  * **Minecraft:** Many hours after getting blown up by creepers, they no longer touch me, and I have huge structures filled with loot, exotic potions, enchantment towers, etc.  * **Animal Crossing:** Not the best example since I want something with adventure and exploration but it does allow me to upgrade and hoard things.  Hopefully that gives a better idea of what I'm looking for. I don't care about the game genre in particular, but I suppose exploration and adventure are a must. Basically any game that has a degree of freedom in its world and allows me to be a greedy bastard who amasses treasure.  I should mention I have also played all the other Elder Scrolls games so I'd like other suggestions. Thanks!  **EDIT:** I should also mention I am not looking for an MMO.
[il-2 sturmovik, war thunder]	Hey all!  Wondering if this kind of game even exists right now. The closest thing I can think of is Ace Combat, but there's yet to be one of those on PC. And that goes a little too far on the "arcade" end. (Though not too much)  **Things it needs:**  * Single player campaign  * Not a full simulator (like DCS)  * PC Compatible  **Things that would be nice:**  * Damage that affects aircraft performance (doesn't need to be super realistic, can even just have gradual stat changes as a "health bar" goes down, but locational damage would be *sweet*)  * No bullet-spongy planes (another complaint of AC)   * Good music. Worst comes to worst, I've got my own.  * Aiming that doesn't hold your hand. (Like Ace Combat, which I find infuriating)  **Conclusion:**  I think I'm basically asking for something that doesn't exist right now. There are plenty of games with planes (Simple Planes, KSP, etc) but lack a SP campaign. There are plenty of sim games out there (DCS, Falcon , etc) but that's a little too much for me, and it lacks the cinematic missions and music that I'd like. There are some games like Ace Combat that seem pretty decent, but don't exist on PC, and have their own problems.   Am I asking too much? Does anyone know of a game like this?  Jeeze. It's like I'm asking for Mechwarrior in flight simulator form. ;-;  EDIT: Just realized I think I might be basically asking for War Thunder, but singleplayer. I mean, it ticks all the boxes. enemies aren't bullet spongy. Aiming isn't automatic. Locational damage. Etc. Oh, and perhaps modern would be nice. But hey, old planes are cool as hell too.   
[monster hunter generations, new nintendo 3ds xl]	My 29 year old brother was in a pretty horrific car accident about a month ago. He's still in bad shape and will be in the hospital for a few more months and will have serious mobility problems after that. :/    He's in a lot of pain, and there's nothing at all to distract him at the hospital, except a tiny shitty TV. It's clearly grinding him down. I want to get him some games as a surprise and distraction, but I'm a lot older than him, not a gamer and have no idea what handheld systems and games are good these days. Help?  I do need handheld stuff. I know he played PC games before (I sadly can't tell you what), but we can't bring PCs or consoles into the hospital because there's a lot of equipment in the room, and I suspect the staff will probably flip their shit if we try. I don't want to give him something and then immediately have it taken away.   As for , it's my lil bro and I have a good job. If I can make a horrifically shitty situation a tiny bit less shitty, it's worth it. $500 or so is fine, and I could probably spare more if there's a good reason.   thanks in advance!  EDIT: Thank you so much for all your awesome suggestions. I really, really appreciate it. I'll let you know how it goes.
[life is strange]	Hey guys i have Dell Inspiron 3148 laptop/notebook with 4GB RAM, Intel core i3 4th gen with Intel HD 4400 integrated graphic. The main purpose for my laptop is for office work. But i need some game to play in free time, i need your help and suggestion.   I had install only 2 gameswhich are 1) Fortune Summoner, the graphic is crappy and can't even run smooth with lowest setting (i think this is due to bad optimisation)............. 2) Brothers : A Tale of Two Sons, this game run pretty smooth even in high setting.  The taste of my games are like Half Life Series, The Wolf Among Us and other TellTale games and any game similar to these two.  I am skeptical about purchasing the games as my Lappy is not meant for gaming and Fortune Summoner being very choppy. I need everyone's suggestion and comment.   (Sorry for bad English)
[rise of the tomb raider]	So I'm building a brand new gaming PC, my first one in seven years. For the past few years I've only really played games on my PS4: Action games like Assassin's Creed, Uncharted, Arkham Knight; RPG's like Dragon Age and the Witcher and story games like the Telltale series, Life is Strange. Oh, and all the Lego games for co-op with my girlfriend.  I do enjoy a wide variety of games, from RPG to Action to Story-driven FPS (not big on online shooters except for Overwatch, which I played on PS4), but also Action RPG like Diablo, Strategy and Simulation games. Obviously I haven't played a lot of the last two since I was stuck on console.  Anyway, what games can you recommend? I'm looking especially for:  * Great PC-games I might have missed, like exclusives or indies, or: * Games that show off my awesome new graphical prowess * (Upcoming or recent) games that are really just worth playing on PC over PS4.  I do also have a bluetooth controller. Let's hear it!
[diablo 3]	Basically i'm looking for a game that may not even exist, i love the borderlands games with the skill trees and grinding and numbers and general RPG goodness, and i love a fantasy aesthetic, i recently dipped into WoW but i dont have enough time to justify buying a subscription. The game would be like borderlands but with magic and swords instead of guns, but less realistic like skyrim was. I know i'm basically just describing skyrim but do any of you know of another game like that? Or give me suggestions of RPGS?
[dirty bomb]	Hello, everyone!  As the title says, I'm looking for a game that has qualities similar to Brink. I love the general concept of the game, although it does feel like it fell a little short. That, and it also feels relatively empty. I'll list the various little things I like about the game.   **Customization** - I loved just how much you could customize both your character and your weapon. I know some say it's rather redundant in an FPS, but I love it nonetheless. Ideally, I'd also be able to change gender, but given the genre I'm a little more lax about it.     **Gameplay** - Though I never did anything extensive with this, it seemed to have a solid focus on team-play, objectives, and ally roles. I'd love to work towards an objective rather than "kill so-and-so number of people."     **Classes and Abilities** - I liked how each class had its own role to fulfil on the battlefield, and I also really enjoyed the idea of abilities. Gives it an RPG kind of feel, which I adore.   Hopefully you guys can assist me in finding a suitable alternate to Brink. Hell, it probably doesn't even need to be an FPS. It could be a TPS, or as long as it did have team-play and whatnot, it wouldn't even have to be firearm-based. If that makes any sense. Thank you for reading!
[risk of rain]	So, I'm doing this on mobile so I can't state my specs. Just as a quick note, I have nothing against pixel games and enjoy them very, very much so If you were to suggest one then cool. Basically, these are the games I have enjoyed and aren't slow and are fully functional (only some):   *Nuclear Throne  *Crashlands  *Don't Starve  *The Curious Expedition (this game is amazing)  *Shovel Knight  *The Escapists  *Pokemon Uranium     And here are some games that for some reason one or another I have attempted to play but won't work:   *Binding of Isaac Afterbirth (still can't get over this one)  *60 Seconds  *Sorcery!  *Stardew Valley   Any other games? I have no problems with space. Don't starve is more than one gigabyte but it works fully well for me so cool. Other games I'm considering are Prison Architect and stuff. Emulation is also an option. I like emulated games very much too.  TLDR: Not very good PC, suggest some games?
[door kickers]	Pretty much I'm looking for a game that plays like xcom but instead of having ti deal with aliens you have a fire fight with other people, and you are either infultrating or defending a building/objective. I've looked and [this](http:// is the closes thing I could find but it looks really bad.    Edit: Thanks for all the suggestions, I guess I didn't really made my self too clear on what I was looking for. I want the game to have like a skurmish mod or something where it's just 5v5 and you have control over one of the teams, and the other one is AI or player controlled.  But still you did suggest some interesting games that I may in fact buy in the future so thank you!
[fallout: new vegas, assassin's creed, gta v]	Hi,  I'm looking for an open world game to mess around in. Especially one that is story driven.  In the past, I have played: Far Cry 3, Sleeping Dogs, Fallout 4, and Skyrim(Having a hard time adjusting it due to the old graphics and I was afraid that mods can contain viruses.)  Are there any similar games? I am open to new styles of games, such as indie  a fast-paced game, but, again, open to new suggestions.)  I want a game that I can just dive in and forget about the real world(sorry if I sound desperate or given up, sometimes I'm really stressed out or frustrated, I would love to play video games). I am having a hard time with old graphics but I can still try.   Current setup: gtx950m i7 4710hq  Thanks a lot!!!  edit: some grammar stuff and making things more readable.
[sunset overdrive, saints row]	PC preferred but any platform will do. I'm looking for games where you can at least make a decent looking character. Dark Souls and Bloodborne's character creation is honestly so bad. Fallout games is ok, though it doesn't really have that much options. Some examples of character creation that are good for me are Dragon's Dogma: The Dark Arisen, Continent of the Ninth Seal and Black Desert Online. I don't really care about the what genre the game is and whether it's good or bad, I just want games that have extensive character creations.
[same game]	I've being looking at some let's play videos on Planet Coaster and just realized I actually never played any rollercoaster tycoon at my young years (probably thought it was only rollercoasters and prefered Theme Park).  Anyway, on GOG we have:  * ROLLERCOASTER TYCOON: DELUXE * ROLLERCOASTER TYCOON 2: TRIPLE THRILL PACK * ROLLERCOASTER TYCOON 3: PLATINUM!  I know that in some series the latest game is not always the best but sometimes the last one is really the first with improved graphics and expanded scenarios so my question is: what's the best game in the series Rollercoaster Tycoon? Is it 3 or they ruined the series before that?
[power up]	So I'm looking for something that just makes you feel like you're wrecking shop in the mid-late game or even a New Game +, ideally with a fun leveling system and some flashy things going on (Summons, obnoxiously flashy spells, etc). I'm hoping for a JRPG but I'm open to whatever else people recommend. The games that jump to mind are Final Fantasy X, 8 and Chrono Cross. Although ideally it'll be something I haven't played (So Final Fantasies, Tales series, Mana series, Some of the SMT games, Diablo, most of the big name RPG's). I really dislike open-world/sandbox types and first person games (I'm looking at you, Bethesda) but like I said, I'll take any suggestions if you can give me a reason to play them! I'm also hoping for something with a fun levelling system, that gives you the feeling of substantial upgrades and power. (Sphere Grid/Skill trees are ideal, something I can grind out points for and dump them all in at once). Thanks folks!
[this game]	**heads up, I'm going to list a bunch of non-rpgs. This was intentional. I say I want an RPG, but anything works honestly. I just want something, from any era, to dive hours into and not get bored.**  Looking for an adventure. Spent too much time doing Nuzlocke runs on **Pokemon**, playing multiple new characters on various **elder scrolls games**, I've spent my time on all sorts. **Stardew valley, Terraria, Spore, Rage, many Zelda games, Rust** you name it. **Borderlands, Destiny, Grand Theft Auto, Saints Row** have all started to bore me. So much to list. Some I've loved though, **Mass effect, dead rising, Sunset overdrive, Mario galaxy**  I want an RPG. Something, I want to say like Pokemon but I've also gone my way through **digimon** and unless you can convince me otherwise, not too much into any other monster collectors.   I'm looking for something replayable. Something with an immersive world that I can get myself lost into. Something with a rewarding challege.   Emulators are fine. Meduim build PC preferred, I'm fine with classics or anything low-end build. Old School Runescape is something I've already dove hundreds of hours in. Doubt I can think of any other MMOs.   Anyways, break out those lists. I've run dry of ideas. Earthbound is on my to-do list. 
[dragon's dogma: dark arisen, dark souls]	I've been playing a lot of games recently and need to find newer games, the only requirements are decent graphics or the gameplay is absolutely incredible. I also prefer fantasy/magic elements but am open to anything  Games that fit this description include  * factorio * warcraft 3 custom maps * minecraft (not really anymore) * witcher 3 * skyrim   Any suggestions are fine, i play pretty much every type of game (except rts, sorry rts fans), price is also not a problem, thanks in advance.  edit: pc only please     
[minecraft, minecraft]	My better half likes Fallout Shelter on her phone, and she's recently taken an interest in Stardew Vally. Apart from that, she's played The Sims 1-3. We own a PS4 and two macbooks. I've been scouring the interwebs for things we could play together, that would be GF-friendly, but I simply can't seem to find anything suitable. I was thinking something along the lines of an MMORPG with house building elements, as she's fond of the base-building aspect of FO Shelter, and farm building in Stardew. But I'm very open to suggestions! I've been looking a bit at Albion Online. We've tried Diablo 3, Helldivers, Divinity, and LBP, but none of those were a good match, as they all lack that base building aspect...
[sniper elite 3, this game]	I'm very fascinated by World War 2 from the fashionable technologically advanced evil empire to the explosive end of the conflict; i have played a lot off WWII games throught the years starting with the likes of Wolfenstein 3D and the original Medal of Honor all the way to the latest Wolfenstein (although i'm not exactly looking for a sci-fi ww2 game like Wolfenstein).  here are my favorites:  1. Call of Duty 2. Probably the greatest ww2 game of them all.  2. Brothers in Arms 2: Earned in Blood. I liked the tactical gameplay and open level design than the notoriously linear and heavily scripted gameplay in the CoD games.  3. Medal of Honor: Allied Assault. nuff said.  4. Red Orchestra: Heroes of Stalingrad. Gameplay-wise this could've been my favorite if not for the bland environments and the general lack of atmosphere.    
[planetside 2, planetside 2]	I'd like to find a fantasy-themed MMO that is fun to explore and has engaging combat. I enjoyed Destiny and Warframe for their fun combat, the chance to team up with other players, and getting to customize my character and show off my sweet gear. In both cases, I'm less wild about the grind.  I want a game kind of like Skyrim where I can explore and immerse myself in the world, play with others when I want to, and also enjoy combat. Great customization is a pretty big plus too.  I tried Guild Wars 2 and kind of liked it, but the combat really didn't do it for me (I rolled Ranger) and I just found myself missing the combat systems from other games.  Any recommendations that might fit the bill? Thanks in advance!  EDIT: I will be playing on PC.
[path of exile, diablo]	there was this stupid browser turn based online game that i enjoyed playing for ~2 years,it was fun even thou it was P2W and i was climbing up my way among whales, but the game died eventually and now im looking for something new  well anything that i can make friends with through fun guilds and such, not too much PVP concentrated, not too much P2W please(not again ): ), steam or browser would work fine for me as for genre anything would work for me, i mean i got hooked on a turn based game, so anything would work.  sorry if this all sounds stupid cuz it does to me when i re-read it :D
[overwatch]	So i have used 2 headsets, the razer krakens and the hyperx cloud 2s. The Kraken's sound was AMAZING. I knew everything that was happening and where it was happening precisely, at the cost of my ears feeling like they were being chipped away by a fucking hatchet. They hyperx cloud 2s are super comfortable, but do not cancel out outside noise as well, and the sound isn't accurate at pinpointing the location of an enemy in game. Is there another headset someone else has used that is both comfortable and has amazing sound?  
[total war]	When it comes to strategy games I've always been drawn to a particular style of RTS. The simpler titles that didn't focus so much on management or cumbersome slow combat, stuff like Age of Empires and Warcraft are essentially what I grew up on.  I see that sort of RTS pop up way less nowadays however and when it comes to my strategy needs I kinda turned to some other things to give them a try. I found that the turn based variant that usually includes a lot more economy and resource management and  whatnot to be rather nice as well, most notably I've been playing a lot Civilization V, Endless Legend and Nobunaga's Ambition: Sphere of Influence.   To be honest I think what draws me most to these games is the diplomacy and the conquest, especially in Nobunaga's Ambition which probably focuses the most on those aspects out of the 3 above mentioned games. So i've been kinda wondering, any other particularly good games that fit the mold of the 3 above? Especially Nobunaga's Ambition?  Thanks in advance.
[oriental empires, strategy games, citybuilder, anno 1404, civ]	So i've been watching a lot of total war warhammer recently. and whilst i can't afford it i am looking for another strategy game on that kind of scale. I like the idea of controlling territories with villages and cities within those territories.   So things i would like:  -Large scale like towns and cities and continents rather than bases ( starcraft)  -huge maps to the point where i may not actually start near or touching any players. And have oppurtunity to expand before pressure.  -slowish gameplay. (happy with turn based. But would really rather not.)  -interesting combat.  - lots of factions/unit variety.  - empire building   - finally preferrably not in space. wouldnt mind space setting but with land combat.   - would prefer fantasy setting but not necessary  - Diplomacy would be cool.   Basically i want to start off as a small civilization on a large map and slowly build forces and territory. Against 8 or 9 opponents and have large ground battles and for it to be really fucking hard.    any reccomendations? THX :D??   EDIT. I dont understand why some are bullt points and some are dashes. but hey. Fuck it. 
[total war: shogun 2]	I would like a mixture between Civilization and lets say "Command &amp; Conquer".  A game that actually comes quite close are the "Anno" games, only they have way too much focus on economy. "Total War" is even closer, although it could be a bit more intuitive. Also the last one I played was a bug-fest.  Are there other games were you are the leader of a city-state or country, but during combat you can control your army and individual units directly?    They can be older as well! Maybe Cleopatra? Or the Warlords Battlecry series? I heard similar things about those games, but never looked at them in detail. 
[home base, minecraft, minecraft, be good]	My wife was obsessed with Toon Town, but they shut down the servers a few years back.  She does enjoy games and I've been trying to find a replacement for her, but to no avail.  So here is what she liked about it.  * Co'Op (MMO) turn based combat.  had "instances/dungeons".  * Home base to maintain.  * Mini games to collect materials to build character skills and home base * the Mini games were her favorite.  there was always something to do The game was "childish" in theme and she loved it.    Any suggestions would be appreciated.  
[darkest dungeon]	Hi,    I've spent a little more than 5000 hours in Dota2 and I eventually got bored because of the community.   I am looking for a new game to invest my time in.   I love anything competitive, something that takes time to master, something you feel rewarded for playing it.    In terms of general looks, I am a big fan of anything with a dark theme, prefer medieval, oldschool fantasy worlds, nothing too futuristic.   I think I'm mostly looking for an MMO but am open to any suggestion as for other genres.   Games I spent the most time on :    * Dota2 (5000+ hours)   * WoW vanilla, TBC, WOTLK at high level   * Path of exile   * CS GO to global elite level   * Warcraft 3 competitive ladder  
[shovel knight, shovel knight, mega man]	I'm looking for some new 3DS games to play, but aren't quite sure what to get. I really like Pokemon (I'm looking forward to Pokemon Sun and Moon), but I already have X and AS. I also already have Smash Bros. and Mariokart 7. I like platformers, RPGs (but not overly complicated JRPGs: https:// and 2D Beat-Em-Ups/Run-N-Guns. I would like to try Kid Icarus Uprising, but its too expensive to try it, because what if I don't like it? (rhetorical question) I have also heard Shovel Knight is good. Thanks!
[monster hunter]	I always love speccing Sword &amp; Board in fantasy RPGs, and _most especially_ those that let me actively use the shield in play, be it active blocking with one or even shield bashing and such. Dragon's Dogma fulfilled this for me very well, I'm looking for more. I have Access to PC, PS2, PS3, PSP, Gamecube, original Xbox, and Xbox 360.  Games I've Played (off the top of my head):  - Dragon's Dogma - Dark Messiah of Might and Magic - Elder Scrolls games - Dragon Age series - Dark Souls series - Kingdoms of Amalur - Mount &amp; Blade series  What else is there where I can do this? Note that I'm not just looking for rpgs which let you equip shields as any other gear, I want to be able to actively use them in play as tangible items. Even better if Sword &amp; Board style is actually a viable option for success.
[for honor]	My favorite games like this in order  1. Skyrim 2. Ocarina of Time 3. Fable: The Lost Chapters  I tried The Witcher II, and didn't like it (felt like there were too many spells that you needed to use, in Fable and Skyrim you don't have to use them).  The other thing I liked about these games is that positioning does make a difference.   I was hoping for something that takes place in the Future in a densely populated city with huge buildings and skyscrapers. If that isn't an option then maybe something with big monsters to kill.  I've also tried the Dark Souls series, its pretty good, but I want to see what else is out there. 
[monster hunter, dark souls]	I'm not too sure what I'm looking, so I'll just list a bunch of qualities/mechanics I've found fun. PC only btw.  **What I enjoy/am looking for:**  * I like fantasy, big fan of anime-ish aesthetic used by eastern MMO's. * Something like Diablo 3 with good emphasis on improving your character through various means such as loot, skills, levels. Although I'd like an end game either through story or end bosses. Terraria is another game that does this well that I enjoyed, although very different stylistically. * Provides a good challenge. FTL is a good example in the type of challenge I enjoy which is resource management and strategy rather than just damage and health. * I'd like to play an RPG for once, the last one I played was Kingdom Hearts 2. man that was fun. JRPG's too, although I've never played them * Games with co-op is something I tend to gravitate towards, games such as Minecraft, L4D2, Factorio, Terraria and Diablo 3  **Thing's I'm not a huge fan of:**  * Platformers: I'm just garbage at them * I am no too fussed over graphics, although I tend to shy away from games which use a Gothic or "old" art style such as darkest dungeon or Path of Exile.   **Games I've Enjoyed:**  * Terraria * Minecraft * Factorio * Civ 5 * Hoi4 * Diablo 3 (until I realised the endgame was an eternal grind) * XCOM: Enemy Within * FTL  * L4D2 * Dota 2  **Extra Stuff:**  * I'm looking for something new, I've almost exclusively played games in multiplayer and have never really sat back and indulged in a good story. * A upcoming game called [Not Enough Oxygen](https:// has captivated my interest. Any games similar to this? * How is Divinity: Original sin which played solo? * I almost never play AAA titles, but are there any you guys STRONGLY recommend? * For anyone who has played the Monster Hunter or the God eater games, how are the keyboard controls? I've been a long time fan of watching people play Dark souls, but the keyboard controls aren't very good and I'm not too keen in using a controller. * My friend suggested I play a dating sim, I think it was called "Honey Pop?" is there anything you guys would recommend in this genre? * **Bonus:** I'm a content creator for YouTube and I've almost finished the majority of my running series, so if you have any games that might be suited for a Let's play, that'll be greatly appreciated.  That is all. Thank you. 
[pillars of eternity]	Howdy guys and gals,  Looking for a recommendation. I adore the Dragon Age series, and am leaning towards playing DA:I for the forth or fifth time. But I'd love another game thats similar to it, in terms of: * Moral Choice system * Dialogue trees * Customisable character * In depth story, world building and character development (with a romance preferable)  I've played the other Bioware games (Mass Effect, KOTOR) that are similar, but am curious if there are other games with a similar set up to DA.  I know The Witcher is there, but I've got to admit I've started it twice and given up quickly. I think I get put off by the fact I feel I have to RP as Geralt, whereas DA let you RP whatever (within some limitations) however you want. I've played the Bethesda games like Elder Scrolls and Fallout multiple times too.  Any suggestions :)
[metal gear, bayonetta, god hand]	Hello! "The Art of Game Design: A Book of Lenses" - top book on game design from Jesse Schell - defines that fun is "pleasure with surprises". This definition perfectly pictures what I'm looking for.  I want something that is going to surprise me again and again, through the game.  I want something that has some fun hidden for me every so often, not only on the beginning or the end of the game. For example, in Undertale, even in the most boring and grindy part, there were cool surprises like "tsundere plane".  It's something I've felt playing my first games. It's much harder to experience this now, as an experienced player. But - Undertale managed to do so, for the most part.  Most AAA games these days are boring for me. The only interesting ones are the ones with cool ideas, like superpowers in Saints Row 4 or turning back time in Life is Strange. I get bored by GTAV, even though I loved GTA:SA back then.  I haven't played many indie. But many of them, the popular ones,  and repetitive. I can't really separate the good ones from grindy ones. I don't know if I can trust reviews, because I don't think reviewers look from the same perspective.  Mentioned above Undertale is an example of a game that was really fun all the time through. It's a good example of what I'm looking for.  So, fellas, have you feel surprised by some games in recent years? Looking from this point of view, do you have any recommendations? Maybe some indie are much more interesting than they seem?
[battle royale, arma 3]	I know there's a lot of paid ones, but they all seem to be in early access and have a ton of negative reviews. I would hate to spend money on it and find out it's not even a genre i enjoy. The only that seems polished enough is ARK, but i'm planning to get it on PS4 where most of my friends are.    So are there any free Battle Royale style games like ARK and H1Z1? Does Unturned have a mode like that? One example i know of is the Survival mode on Paladins, but sadly it's been removed from the game for now. Hopefully it comes back later and not as a separate game like what H1Z1 did. 
[path of exile, diablo, dayz]	Hi,  I don't really know where else to go to.. I've been a gamer my whole life, and its been steady to find a new game, but I am stuck now and most of the people I know dont play video games anymore. So I need some help.  I need a game on the PC, preferably Free-to-play, that can capture my attention and keep me playing it for longer than a few weeks.  Games that I have played excessively:::  Diablo 2  HoTS  League  Puzzle Pirates (obsessed with this style of game... the social levels, the "elitism" competition of each puzzle, the good alternative ways to play the game, etc)  Counter Strike  Team Fortress  Much more games, but don't want to type them all out.  Any suggestions? Thank you for your post!
[dragon warrior iii]	Preferably with a good story (something like Final Fantasy V, Golden Sun or Bravely Default/Second) and enjoyable characters.   I loved FFV and Golden Sun and I've been waiting for a long time for something like Bravely and really enjoyed them so I wonder if there are more game like them as I have no extensive knowledge about games.  I know about FFX-II but, even though it has a job system, it lacks an open world and don't like that much the way it plays.  A job system is not strictly mandatory as long as it has an interesting/unusual skill system (like Golden Sun has). I love the job system though and don't like RPG's where you only option of getting new skills are leveling. I think what's most important to me is the open world thing, full of villages/cities or caves with tons of stuff to discover. I don't care about the platform, but PC would be the more welcome. 
[chrono trigger]	I recently moved and I'm (slowly) unpacking my stuff. I found a Nintendo DS or 3DS or something (forget what it said on it, put it back in the box and don't want to get up and check what it is) with the game Chrono Trigger in it. I've heard that game is a really good old school RPG.     I love RPGs! But I don't do much gaming these days unless a particular game is really, really good. (Limited game time and such.) Think I should give it a go? I haven't played a Gameboy game (I'm assuming the DS is one of the latest versions of the Gameboy) in over a decade I think. I remember back when Golden Sun came out for the Gameboy Advance I looooooved it. Is Chrono Trigger like that?     Thanks!
[the stanley parable, thomas was alone, dark souls]	Right now, I am looking for a cheap PC game (under $10) to try because nothing in my gaming library seems appealing right now. So far, I am eyeing Dark Souls, which is $5 on the Humble Store.  Here's my Steam library so that we avoid games I already own: http://  The game needs to be appropriate to play around family members, so no games that contain sex or nudity please. I am willing to look at suggestions in all genres. My PC should be able to handle all games suggested to me, especially ones that meet my under $10 rule.  Thank you for the help.
[age of empires ii: hd edition, the elder scrolls v: skyrim, cities: skylines, prison architect, alien: isolation, civilization v, starcraft]	After years away from gaming due to other life issues I'm now in a place where I have some time to play catch up.  I've always kept up with what's going on in the industry for the most part and the occasional steam sales but have no idea where to start.   Last complete game I played was Halflife 2  and got about a 1/3 of the way through Bioshock and countless hours of WoW.   Recently upgraded to new hardware that can run anything new. So now I'm looking for a top 5 or 10 list of single player games that I should focus on. Halflife and Command &amp; Conquer have been favorites of mine.  I enjoy horror games as well.   Thanks for any and all advice. 
[diablo 3]	Ok so i have been a console gamer since i was 4 and got a SNES. Never owned a PC, and only played a few games on PC at my buddies house(LoL, rust, dayZ, counterstrike source etc). My friend is upgrading this coming week to a PC that's going to be VR and 4k compatible(neither of which im worried about at this time). He is trading his old PC to me for a buttload of my homemade mead. Im not sure of the specs but i do know it will play just about any game thats out at this time at the highest settings without issue. I dont really know that much about what games have came out in recent years on steam and am looking for some games to get right off the bat. I have a fairly tight budget so i want to get the most bang for my buck. I have someone lined up to by my ps4 and all the games as well as my psn account(so he can have my digital games as well) for around $350. So if you had no games in your library how would you spend the $350 game wise if you were gonna have no more gaming money until tax time in February? I enjoy MOBAs, FPS, MMORPGs, RPGs, and strategy games the most but im open to try just about anything. Thanks for any help, cheers.  TLDR: new to pc gaming, $350 to spend on games, no games in library, what should i buy to get the most from my money
[persona 4]	So I've been kind of having a personal struggle with completing JRPGs. I've played so many of them and I own an honest amount of them. The problem is that i get so close to the end of the game, and I just end up never completing it, or i get too much anxiety from the thought of the Final Boss being difficult, or just planning my characters for late game, etc. So this is an odd request, I want a stranger on the internet to give me a game to complete so i can put my full attention to it and actual feel accomplished to have beaten a JRPG.
[devil may cry 4]	Just finished Darksiders 2 and I'm looking for similar games on PC, I like the fighting and the jump'n'run passages. I've already played  * Kingdoms of  Amalur * Shadow of Mordor * Prince of Persia trilogy * edit: Warhammer Space Marine  I don't think I'm in the mood for Dark Souls, the first one is still in my steam library but I don't want anything that drives me insane in the boss fights. Console games like God of War or Dante's Inferno would be cool.   Not looking for Assassin's Creed-like games. Too much downtime in form of story/follow missions/21st century stuff and I'd like some crazier fighting styles.   How's Lords of the Fallen? Reviews aren't great... And what about PoP: The Forgotten Sands?
[rise of nations, red alert]	I want to get my wife into the genre, but I'm by no means a big expert in the genre and I'm trying to figure out, out of the RTS games that I'm sort of familiar with, which game to begin with.  I'm familiar with:  * Warcraft 3 * Starcraft * Age of Empires 2  I thought Starcraft would be good, but I'm not sure how the second one is, maybe that'd be a better choice?  It has to be a game where we can either do 1v1 against each other or team up against computers. Neither one of us will want to play online against people.
[final fantasy tactics advance, legend of dragoon, strategic combat, strategic combat, fire emblem, suikoden ii, suikoden ii, suikoden ii, wild arms 3, wild arms 2, grandia, ffix, fft]	So, I've been going on a JRPG marathon lately and I need some suggestions as to what I should play. I just beat Phantasy Star IV, and have beaten EarthBound, Mother 3, and Chrono Trigger within the past month or so, with Mother 3 being my favorite so far.  I'm looking at Grandia or Lunar, but I'd like to see what you all think/what your favorites are in the turn-based department. I know there're great games I probably haven't even heard of  I only ask that you not recommend to me a Final Fantasy. They're on my list already, and I don't really feel like doing another ATB just yet :)
[spellforce]	I'm specifically looking for a single player game with strong RPG progression (preferably skill based), a single played character (ie, not playing a party), with base building and economy elements.  It doesn't need to be first person, third person, or even graphical, so long as those elements are strong. Preferably a medieval or fantasy setting. I have never run into a Skyrim mod that did these things well, tho I haven't messed with Skyrim in a year or so.  I'd be interested in hearing about games that just come close.
[endless legend, age of wonders]	Hello!  Last winter, I built a new computer, but I've been somewhat lax on finding games to play on it that I can't play on my laptop. So far I have two: The Witcher 3 and Dragon Age Inquisition. (Of course there are also games that run better on my PC than my lappy but I'm not counting those)  My computer has an Intel i3-4170 CPU @  x4, and a GTX 960 graphics card, along with 8kMB of RAM.  I like fantasy games and RPGs, and my favorite game series is Pokemon with Dragon Age a close second. I've tried playing Fallout and Mass Effect but they just make me want to play Skyrim and Dragon Age, respectively.   I also enjoy turn based strategy stuff like Civ 5 (very excited for civ 6!!)  I like my games to have a good story and good characters, and bad gameplay isn't an immediate turnoff if those two things are good. I mean my favorite Dragon Age game is DA2 so shitty level design is fine by me, lol.  thx for assistance
[half-life, bioshock ]	Some of my favourite games are   - Half-Life 1,2 + episodes plus Portal 1+2 - Uncharted 1+2+3+4 and the Last of Us - Limbo and Inside, Brothers scratched the itch of this niche as well  These might seem three or more different genres going on here, but there's a lot of commonality;  - these games are all single-player and narrative driven, and mechanically simple - NOT open world or bloated - however they don't go so far into the "not really a game" interactive movie idea as things like Quantic Dream/Telltale/Until Dawn - all do environmental storytelling well and as such are very immersive - are very "well-paced"; even the ones that are more action heavy (ie Half-Life, Uncharted) have quieter and puzzle moments so that they're not too repetitive - the entirety of each of these games is exciting because you're always wondering what's next around the corner  What else would scratch this itch?
[xbox]	So, right now I am trying to sell my PS4 to a friend to buy an Xbox one. Is this a good idea? I'll list some of my pros and cons.   PS4 PROS  - Runs Games a bit better - I love Bloodborne  PS4 CONS  - I love playing with friends but they all got an Xbox ( can someone tell me a good way to find some play buddies online to play Overwatch or CoD Destiny Doom etc???. I don't know how the online community works.)  - It's f****** loud ( seriously, I have to turn the volume up so loud to ignore the "jet plane" sound that PS4 does when playing games.   - I am not interested in their exclusives besides bloodborne. Uncharted 4 for me felt dull. I preferred Tomb Raider.   I must mention that I am a guy who came from the 360 and bought a PS4 because, really, when Xbox One was announced, Microsoft did a wonderful job at driving their fan base away to the competitor.   It all comes down to playing with my friends. Tell me what you think. Cheers.    
[assassin's creed, shadow of mordor]	My favorite things in games have been:  1. Stealth systems (AC, SoM are so far the best, skyrim's stealth is kinda hit or miss)  2. Army control/upgrading (I really liked AC where you could send out your assassins to do missions. It wasn't fulfilling enough though, id like to take part in their missions too if I wanted) 3. Actions that have a real in game effect (In SoM, branding a chief gives you some branded allies strewn about the world. Owning an area in so-and-so game would have it actually be yours). 4. Territory capturing that fluctuates back and forth, enemies can take your land and you can take theirs (Lots of games have this but typically its one sided) 5. Mind control or conversion is one of my favorite abilities in video games. 6. Open world 7. Gameplay that I can also do myself, but the armies can help in some direct or indirect way  If you could suggest me some games that hit a few of these points (in particular, 2, 4, 6, 7 would be ideal) I would be very greatful!   Thanks in advance to anyone who is willing to humor me :)
[gravity rush, grow home, abzu]	Hi there! So, relatively new gamer here. I haven't owned a new console since GameCube was big. Don't get me wrong, I still play video games that are pre-GameCube all the time but I just never got into modern gaming (if you could call it that?)  I recently got the chance to play Journey on my boyfriend's PS4 and I loved it so much that I want to buy it myself and finish it. BUT I'm wondering if I should just buy a PS3 since it's cheaper? I'm only considering the PS4 because I'm sure there are other games I'll want in the future.  Thoughts?
[bioshock, ive]	Hi. I have a problem with getting into the game. I usually play for some time and then quit. The same thing happened with my favourite franchise Mass Effect. Ive played the first mission a hundred times. And then got over the citadel and sunk 149h into all three games cause i loved it and played all night for a few weeks. So i know many franchises but i keep bouncing off them. I am planning one of these: * Bioshock series * Dragon Age series * Witcher series * Kotor 1&amp;2 * Deus ex and HR * Gothic series * Gabriel knight series  I know every single one is good. Just help me choose and encourage me to finish :) tell me whats good and bad. Help me get through the first couple of hours. Also i am open to other suggestions:) Thanks in advance 
[overwatch, overwatch]	Hey,  So I've been playing various games to fill my gaming needs since Nosgoth closed, but nothing just comes close to amusing me as much... Does anyone have a similar type of game?  an arena FPS, 2 or more teams against eachother, different class types (sniper / ranger / support / melee defence etc), interesting mechanics, decent graphics etc?  The only thing I'm not remotely interested in, is realistic war type games, such as CoD/Battlefield, I'm after a fantasy styled game. For instance nosgoth was 4v4, humans vs vampires, vampires had faster movespeed and strong melee capabilities, humans had ranged advantage. Vampires could heal by snapping the neck of their victim and drinking their blood, humans healed at a supply station.  I really enjoyed the mechanics of this game, the graphics, the gameplay... just everything. Anyone got suggestions?
[out there, know how]	Long story short, a clan I'm in for a game wants to shift over to a new game because the game we're currently on is... Kinda bad, hardly ever updated, and doesn't have a lot of players. We're looking for an MMO (or just having multiplayer) with PvP where we can build a base for our clan (speaking of "clan", some way to have an official clan in-game like a Guilds system or something). The platform we're looking for is PC, and, preferably cheap, because some of us are poor American college students.  Any help would be appreciated!!
[the banner saga, phantom brave, door kickers, disgaea pc, hong kong, shadowrun, xenonauts]	I really like [Age of Wonders 3](http://  I liked XCOM [I](https:// &amp; [II](https://, but I had to stop playing because of their technical failings.  I'd like something new, what would you suggest?  Edit: Typo  **Reviews:**  *Door Kickers*  No clear way to get "squad levels", I'm guessing you complete solo missions before the campaign to unlock?  Bug on the first level, I could not delete a "planning node" once set under arbitrary conditions; The issue would just show up every once in a while, no matter what skill I picked to use.  Tactically boring: make a small move, look for "tangos" if found kill, if surprised, restart level, make new plan, repeat. More of an elaborate game of "Simon Says" than anything else.  Also a little racist? All the "tangos" had darker skin tones, from what I could tell.  Hours played: ~10m  *Invisible Inc*  Pros:   * Good procedural, rogue-like game play.  * Nice story (I wish there were multiple paths throughout the story)  * Easy to pick up, hard to master  * Great tactical gameplay  Cons:   * Procedural generation with its typical quirks (rarely: "Is that 4 guards bugged out on each other in a narrow corridor?")  * Lacks variety in some areas: items and characters are similar enough to make a single tactical strategy and stick to it, no matter the start.  * Little strategic game play (you make decisions about which facilities to attack, but there's no overarching strategy to follow, except for the few recipes for victory [ get this type of item, now you need augments, now an extra character to carry your extra stuff, etc])  Overall I recommend it, hours played ~80 hours.
[the orb of zot, dungeon crawl, all games, this game, snake pit, floor 13, game on]	So this is pretty specific; I'm interested in RPGs where the main plot is about exploring one large, mysterious dungeon, with side quests and subplots taking place in other dungeons; a good comparison would be Sword Art Online: Hollow Fragment, which had a separate world with extra dungeons, as well as the main "dungeon" of the series' tower... but with actual good writing, or at least passable, unlike the trainwreck that was that game's translation. Torchlight 1 also counts, but I'm looking more for first person dungeon crawlers or JRPGs.
[dragon quest monsters joker, monster rancher ds, story of seasons, story of seasons, a new beginning, animal crossing, monster hunter, fantasy life, yo-kai watch, harvest moon, castlevania, castlevania, this game, this game, this game, scroller, pick up, game on, moon.]	I have never posted here before, but the community seems really helpful around here, so I hope You can help me picking out a game for my SO.  So I've just bought a used Nintendo 3DS for my SO as a birthday present. Not much of a gamer, she previously only had a beaten up game boy color, with only a single copy of Pokemon Yellow that she had put 500 hours or so, into.    The 3DS I bought for her came with two Mario games which she doesn't really find interesting, so I hope that someone can help me finding the "perfect" game for her. I have never really played Nintendo games myself, being more of a PC gamer type, so I don't really know where to start.    I could start with some of her interests to give an idea of what she might like. She uses the old game boy color mainly for travel, but also just some nights when she feels like it. She doesn't really have any favourite tv-series as she hasn't owned a tv for several years. Except for maybe Buffy, the vampire slayer that she watched when she was younger.    Instead of watching TV, she reads. A lot. I'm talking like a 500 page behemoth a week. Both obscure classics and more main-stream stuff like Stephen King. She also played a bit of pen and paper DnD when she was younger, which she loved.    So my natural thought would be a slow paced RPG with a lot of dialogue and character development. But that only narrows it down a bit, when talking about some of the game genres Nintendo does best. Sorry for my terrible English.    I would love any suggestions! Thanks in advance.
[etrian odyssey]	Hello, Can you help me find a game for PC, Nintendo DS or Android that has the following aspects:  1. Fantasy Dungeon exploring  2. A lot of loot.  3. Economy. (In order to earn something, i've got to take the loot to the town)  4. Forge  5. Good design. (i dont care if 2D or 3D)  6. Turn-based  The best game i could find is "The Greedy Cave" for Android. I thank you in advance, and i hope this is the right sub and that i may find something with your help!  Edit: Thanks for the current recommendations, you saved my free time until studies. Feel free to drop some other suggests if it fits what i search for :D
[rimworld]	So I played through the Solus Project on my friends Xbone and I LOVED it. seriously hands down one of my favorite games, solid and very intriguing story, great environments just begging to be explored, simple crafting and items system, cool tools, and fairly easy survival mechanics like managing food water temp etc.   Emphasis on the simple crafting and survival mechanics, I enjoy them being in the game but I don't want them to get in the way of my exploring and following the storyline *too* much.   the problem is that my PC can't play the game, it's a pretty good PC but I think the game is really poorly optimized because it lagged like hell on even the lowest settings.   so please, if anybody can suggest something that fits at least some of these criteria that would be awesome. I should reiterate that it's really important for me that the crafting and survival not be too complex or unforgiving (no permadeath) because while I enjoy them that's not my main focus.   Thank you!!
[planescape torment]	Hi there. I was just playing Fallout 4 when unfortunately my video card pooped itself, and now I'm stuck with an inbuilt video card which can barely run League of Legends on minimum settings. (Cant remember specifics, not on that comp right now).  Thankfully graphics isn't really something I value high. My all-time favourite game is FAllout 2, I installed it but quickly remembered I played that game so much I know everything about it :D  Erm. Is there any game that came out in this century and has similarly long and highly replayable content like F2? The late the better as I was pretty big into isometric games around 2000 (Back then i could only run AOE2 and Diablo lol)  Games I liked and played around the same themes/genres:  Fallout series  Baldur's Gate series (didnt really like that one though)  Diablo series  Grim Dawn (that one wouldn't run though on the onboard vid card anyways)  Torchlight series  Civ  Age of Empires  Starcraft  Warcraft  Fuck, i cant remember all of them. Rise of Nations too. I'm more into hack n slash lately and the only reason I'm not spamming some obscure D2 mod is that it takes too much to set up, especially on Win10. But I also love some resource management or strat game like Civ/AOE2.  Sooooo.. is there a great game I missed?
[tribes: vengeance, mirrors edge, bioshock, jetpack]	I've been trying to find a game with really satisfying flow of movement, preferably if the entire game is centered around going fast and using game mechanics to avoid slowing down.  Ideally, mastery of *mechanics* should be enough to play the game well, and practicing *levels* should not be necessary.  **Mirror's Edge** was okay, but I felt the speedy paths were just too short and forced the player to kill their momentum too often.  Also some parkour techniques actually slowed the player down instead of maintaining/increasing speed.  Surfing in **CS:GO** really scratched my itch, but it's really difficult.  I enjoy the easy, *easy* surf maps that just let you go fast and smooth around corners and only demand a few jumps.  Unfortunately, most of the "easy" maps are very short and require some specific skill rather than just letting the player enjoy the speed.  Some movement options in **Rocket League** also feel really nice to pull off, but most of each match is spent on positioning and being unpredictable to your opponents.  It's one of my favorite games, but not because of the flow.  **Sleeping Dogs** even had a few moments in its combat and driving that felt nice to just enjoy, but they were brief.  Same for driving in **GTA IV** (but not **V** for some reason).  **Speedrunners** is great, but I'm looking for something 3D this time.  First or third person.  **Clustertruck** was just released and looks like it fits my description.  The only problem is the levels look a bit short.  Can anyone make any suggestions?  I would really love to just sit down and enjoy something with super satisfying, repetitive gameplay.  Thanks!
[europa universalis, anno 2070]	I am a university student who loves gaming and this semester I've been getting a lot of homework that requires a lot of time but isn't that difficult, ergo does not require my full attention. It's also boring as fuck, so why not make it more bearable with some gaming?  I've been playing mobile idle games while working on my homework, and those games got boring really quickly, so I'm looking for some better alternatives of games that I would not have to give my full attention all the time, something slow paced that I would need to interact with like every minute or so.
[olliolli2: welcome to olliwood, rocket league, screencheat, screencheat]	Hey guys, I am a quite casual gamer with a busy work life. I play games on and off, and based off of little knowledge.  Foremost, I play PS4, recently my brother-in-law has been coming over to visit and we'll play Black Ops 3, both competitive and zombies. We especially like zombies because there's so much to do, and survival is always fun. **We like to play splitscreen**.  Games we like to play at the moment;  - CoD games  - Rocket League  - Smite (we take turns)  - The Golf Club  So here goes the generic question you don't like to hear.. though I ask because splitscreen seems uncommon enough, and I'm really hoping to get suggestions; **What split-screen games do you suggest that are super fun to play with a friend?** FYI- we like mostly all kinds of games, I am open to all suggestions; there are no wrong answers here.  **HIGHLY SEEKING SHOOTER GAME SPLIT-SCREEN RECCOMENDATIONS**  Thank you.
[overwatch, lol]	Hey guys I want to play a moba because i want to play something competitive.  I would play csgo but i got bored after 1000hours.  So i want to play a moba,a competitive game thats fun,something interesting,not boring,something competitive,where i can get good and be good unlike irl xD  Should I paly DOTA 2,League of legends,Smite,Heroes of the storm or games like duelyst and hearthstone?  I dont want to get really addicted like hell,just paly something after school when bored,play something that i can balance with school.  What moba should I play DOTA 2,League of legends,Smite,Heroes of the  storm? Or i should play a game like duelyst?
[stronghold crusader 2, grab it]	I am looking for a game where I design and build a village/castle/town/whatever and defend it and help it grow (preferably fantasy because I do not like Sci-fi at all). It would be nice if it was a game where Command and Conquer meets Minecraft (doesn't have to be bocks) meets Kenshi. It could have RDS elements or just solo play, it doesn't matter, but I am not looking for a building placing game with no personality or customization. Does something like this exist yet? It could be a sandbox or world builder.
[to the moon]	Apart from the really weird shadow glitch in the school, simulating Persona 3 wasn't that bad. Problem is, I hate card games, and I hate grinding, so I just ended the game with the "forget everything" ending, and left it at that. I tried Persona 4... Yeah, didn't like it at all. Danganronpa's gameplay I liked, even though I set everything to the easiest difficulty, because honestly, I play these practically as visual novels, but it's still loads better than actually reading one. I couldn't read more than an hour of Fate/Stay Night. So really, I'd like suggestions on story based games, that I can play without having to do a bunch of unnecessary things I don't care about. And I'm not going to jump head first into random Japanese games, because I know that 90% of those are stuff like Akiba's trip. (Yeah, that's a real gem of a game right there...)
[pillars of eternity]	Hey, I'm looking for a new RPG to play since there is like no good game in my viewfield i seem to enjoy.   I like it classic, like skillpoints, perks, weapon skills, loot, nothing too innovative. Setting is not too important. Games I really enjoyed were Drakensang (only few people know it), the Gothic Series, Borderlands (even if it is not so classic, I really liked the loot system), Dark Souls series, Monster Hunter series and of course Skyrim and Fallout.  Honestly Im no fan of the Witcher (shame) and Diablo 3, I tested the most MMORPGs but they just dont fit my preferences...  Im happy to hear your suggestions  Edit: I really liked Mass Effect and Star Wars Knights of the old Republic as well  Edit2: I got a Nintendo 3DS and ofc a pretty capable PC  Edit3: Games I already played: Risen, Arcania, Diablo 3, Dragon Age, Divinity Ego Draconis and Original Sin  Edit4: Thanks for all those replies, i finally decided to buy Dragons Dogma and took a look at Fallout 3. 
[crusader kings 2, stellaris ]	So basically I usually don't play these games, but when I feel like taking a break from what I'm mostly playing I don't want to spend countless hours figuring out how the game works.   The problem is that most of the time when I ask the same question I'm asking here is that people don't realize the background they already have and tell me "you should check this it's easy to just dive in and have fun" but it's totally not. Maybe there are no Paradox-like games that are quick to get into ? I know some of them are easier than others but they are still slow to grasp for the most part.  Any good suggestion is welcome !
[neverwinter nights, drakensang ]	I love The Elder Scrolls from Daggerfall to Skyrim (Arena is ok) but I'm having a hard time finding open world RPGs that give me the sense that I'm adventuring in a real living world the way TES does (other than Fallout 3 and up, but I'm looking for fantasy).  Here's what I'm looking for:  * Open world * RPG elements * Fantasy setting  Here are some games I'm aware of that fit these criteria:  * The Witcher 3 * Dragon's Dogma * Two Worlds series * Gothic Series * Risen series * Kingdoms of Amalur  I'd like some suggestions from people who have played some of these games as to whether or not they would recommend one of them to a fan of TES. It doesn't have to be one of those games, any recommendation that you think I might enjoy will be fine as long as it matches the criteria. Thanks!  
[hong kong, shadowrun]	I'd like to find a new RPG to get lost in. My favorite games are turn based, with lots of stats and tons of spells and items and options and character builds. Some form of randomized loot or encounters would be a plus, since I like to restart games a lot.  I do enjoy roguelikes, but right now I'm looking for something with more of a story, and more of a "world", instead of just one combat after another.  Divinity: Original Sin is quite close to my ideal game. I also very much enjoyed the Baldur's Gate games, as well as Pillars of Eternity, although I think real-time-with-pause is a horrible system and I liked those games despite, not because of, RTWP.  I don't care about graphics. Obviously if the game is pretty that's a plus, but it's not important.
[alien: isolation, this war of mine, deadlight]	This War of Mine: Little Ones is on sale for $12 for Xbox Gold members this week, so I was wondering if it's worth a try. The gameplay doesn't look that interesting, tbh, but I heard great things about the story. Deadlight is another game that's been on my 'maybe' list, and it looks quite similar. Which is better, or are both not that good?   For context, I don't mind if a game is short or has simple gameplay, as long as it has quality. I didn't like Armello and The Banner Saga, but liked AC Chronicles pretty well. I loved Project Solus. 
[bloodborne, halo 4, wii u, ni-oh]	Well, I've been a PC gamer for the last 6 years ( I had previously a Xbox 360), and I want to buy either Xbox One S or PS4 Slim, as I don't have a 4K display. I've missed a lot of good stuff from Sony, so I was thinking that I should get the PS4, but at the same time I have a Xbox Elite Controller and I was thinking about the backwards compatibility, Xbox Play Anywhere and Halo, one of my favorite franchises, which is not part of the Play Anywhere. If I get the Xbox One I would start with a library of games and the best designed controller for FPS (one of my favorite genre), and If I get the PS4, I would have The Last of Us, Uncharted and God of War.   What do you think, should I get the Xbox One S or PS4 Slim? Or should I go YOLO and get a HTC Vive?
[tesla effect: a tex murphy adventure, s.t.a.l.k.e.r.: shadow of chernobyl, death to spies: moment of truth, metal gear rising: revengeance, valiant hearts: the great war, brothers: a tale of two sons, call of juarez gunslinger, deus ex: human revolution, amnesia: the dark descent, red faction: guerrilla, dust: an elysian tail, shadow warrior (2013), the stanley parable, valkyria chronicles, assassin's creed 2, spec ops: the line, the banner saga 2, the wolf among us, the walking dead, alien: isolation, this war of mine, papers, please, dark souls iii, child of light, rayman origins, technobabylon, technobabylon, hotline miami, mass effect 2, axiom verge, tomb raider, cave story+, dead space, metro 2033, l.a. noire, alan wake, undertale, undertale, grow home, superhot, superhot, broforce, broforce, vvvvvv, vvvvvv]	I just built a new PC after 10 years and would like to enjoy some inexpensive ($30 and under), classic single player titles.  I don't care if it's ten years old.  Open to FPS, 3rd person scrolling, and arcade style racing.  Maybe some adventure/puzzle games, too.  Bioshock seems like something I'd probably enjoy, for example?  When I played Xbox 360 I loved Burnout Paradise, the Lego games, and uncomplicated FPS (I don't want to have to press 7 buttons so I can snipe through night vision goggles while sliding on my knees and holding my breath to steady my aim).  EDIT: Thanks so much for all your suggestions.  I am impressed by the diversity of your recommendations.  Way to go, redditors!!
[fallout 2]	Like many people, I have a massive backlog of games in my Steam library. I often buy bundles for one game, and totally disregard the other games. So now it's hard to differentiate the good games in my library from the bundle trash. I'm sure there are beautiful 60-hour experiences waiting in there that I've skipped over because I didn't know they were quality games.  I'm hoping that people can look at the games I haven't played (or spent just a few minutes in), and recognize the ones they like. I'm open to any genre, but single-player only.  Here's a link to my library: [redacted after 48 hours for privacy]  Also, my GOG library (most of these are unplayed): http://  Thanks!
[world games]	Hey everyone! This came to me while I was reading about Tales of Vesperia and how there are moments where your team is sitting around an Inn and there's a peaceful serenade in the background.   I was wondering if there are other games like this? I love when a game can sort of put the action on hold and just have some nice moments of quiet. There were other moments like this in the game, Life is Strange when you could have Max sit down and she just looked around and contemplated her life for a silent minute or too. I find I really enjoy that kind of addition.  As for platforms, I'm open to possibilities except for any Xbox or PS3 games. Which kind of narrows my options, sadly. Thank you!
[portal 2, ubisoft, ubisoft]	My brother and his girlfriend are about to start a long distance relationship for ~1 year. To still have activities to do together, bless his non-nerd heart, he's willing to give video games other than The Sims a try.   She has pretty much every console at her house, so I'm trying to help him find out what games would be good for them so he can choose a platform.   Does anyone have any suggestions for online multi-player games? Ones that specifically aren't shooter games though? That's where I'm drawing a blank. They aren't interested in that aspect. 
[xcom: enemy unknown, ubisoft, talos, xbox]	Just got a gaming PC and want to know suggestions of great games for PC. I posted in /r/gaming and then stumbled upon this subreddit while browsing. I have a ps4 and enjoy games like Tell Tale Games' The Wolf Among Us, The Walking Dead, as well as Red Dead Redemption, AC Brotherhood, COD: Black Ops, Batman Arkham Knight, Uncharted 4, Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Warrior, Life is Strange, the Last of Us, just to name a few I recently played. I'm completely new to PC gaming and I'm very open to trying any games honestly. I would like your opinions on which games I should check out and what they're about! :)
[stronghold crusader 2, stronghold crusader 2]	So yeah, the title. I played Stronghold Crusader and Stronghold HD and while they ARE good games, they just don't do it for me personally.  What I want is a game like Stronghold Crusader (or Stronghold 1), where you build a place, a fortress or something else, and when you're ready you defend it from enemies, or you just peacefully continue building it if you choose so.   Yes I know what I'm describing is basically the whole Stronghold series, but I'm trying to search for more games of this type so that's why I'm asking.
[rogue legacy]	I don't mind what genre but something where you work towards upgrading character/weapons/armour/cars or whatever.   Games I've enjoyed so far are: Morrowind, Oblivion, Skyrim Mad Max All the Fallouts  Diablo 1,2 and 3 Grim Dawn (Don't really like the art style of PoE) Dark Crusade  Dark souls 1,2 and 3 Mordheim (Never really got that hooked into Xcom) Robocraft KOTR Gran Turismo  The Witcher 1,2 and 3  Bit of a scatter shot but looking for something new to play with that strong upgrade mechanic in it. Any suggestions?  EDIT: World of Tanks fits this pretty well but the grind is a bit much
[assassin's creed, shadow of mordor]	I enjoy the gameplay mechanic of using the enemy's gear against them, or even the enemies themselves. Anything goes, from commandeering units to possessing a creature's soul. It needn't be the key gameplay mechanic either - being only one of the available options to achieve an objective is good enough if it can be used at will (that is, not as a rare mission-scripted event that I can't reproduce whenever I want).  Platform: I'm mostly a PC gamer, though I do have an old PSP as well as an Android tablet that's suitable for games.  Game type: action/shooter, action/RPG, maybe even tactical, but not RTS - in any strategy game that lets me capture units I concentrate so much on that aspect I end up ignoring everything else and invariably get steamrolled.  Games that have this mechanic that I've enjoyed so far, to get you an idea:  * Battlezone (sniper gun that can kill a vehicle's pilot, leaving the vehicle free for the taking) * Enemy Mind (you're a parasite organism that can transfer itself between enemy ships and make use of their weapons) * G-Nome (ejecto-gun forces pilots to abandon their mechs so you can board them and pilot them yourself) * Headlander (take control of enemy robots and use them to fight the establishment) * Messiah (angel taking control of enemies by flying into them) * Redline (1999 shooter, not 2006 racer; ejecto-gun that works much like in G-Nome) * Requiem: Avenging Angel (one of the spells at your disposal lets you control enemies for a short time) * Second sight (taking control of enemies with psi powers) * The Swapper (swap bodies with clones of yourself) * X-Universe, all games except "Beyond the Frontier" and "Rebirth" (you can get enemy pilots to abandon their ships and take control of them yourself)
[mgt]	Just completed The Witcher 3 plus both expansion packs and really enjoyed it having never played the previous 2 games. I do own the other 2 games and am considering playing them. I have loaded up Witcher 1 before but after the first couple of minutes I felt like that it's time has been and gone and wouldn't be able to hold my interest after playing the 3rd game.  So do I give the first one another crack and then move onto the second one? or do I go straight to the second game as it still seems to holds up well in terms of graphics, combat and gameplay? Or finally do I just pass on both of them as they are too far gone from the perfection that is Witcher 3?
[mass effect]	This is just something I've come to realize over the years, based on what kinds of games I play, and what it is I truly enjoy about them. Almost invariably my single most favorite part is character interaction.  Even before story and plot, in the characters pull me in and interest me, I like it. I think that's a part of why I've gone from the anime I used to like back in the day, and now watch a lot of slice of life comedy anime. I don't care all that much if it has a deep plot, as long as there is fun and engaging character interaction. Just the same, I still very very much play JRPGs today and have had a hard time getting into WRPGs outside of stuff like Undertale. If Undertale counts as a WRPG, it's my by far my favorite.  The second would be a sense of self expression, third, progression, and forth, exploration. And a distant fifth, achievement.  Though self expression and progression are very close to each other in appeal to me.   I have grown a bigger appreciation for arcade style games more than ever. But, as a kid, I was always addicted to collecting, being a little bit better, having a little bit more. That each activity I did was rewarded. That I didn't have to start over from square one, and there was always more to do and explore and progress in. Seeing numbers go up and seeing almost every action of mine be rewarded was fun.  Just the same, a lot of those JRPGs and Nintendo games and things like that reward my sense of desire to express myself. I can express myself in Pokemon GO by focusing on the Pokemon I like, it may not be the best strategy, but it's me. And I've for the most part, placed the important of self expression over competitive advantage. And I've done that in Pokemon in general, too. Focusing on Pokemon I love, rather than the metagame, and it's a part of why I can't get into competitive Pokemon or competitive gaming in general. You pretty much always have to forgo personal taste and self expression for optimization. Just the same, I love the Animal Crossing series for its ability to let me express myself.  And clearly, I have some desire for exploration. As in MMOs like Tera, I would often ignore the quests I am supposed to be doing, in order to just walk off somewhere, wherever my wanderlust takes me. I'm constantly reprimanded and scolded by fellow MMO players for running off exploring where I'm not supposed to be, and that I need to go to my story quests, often wondering what's wrong with me and why I'm taking so long to complete main/story quests.  My favorite video game franchises happen to be the Tales series, the Pokemon series, the Touhou Project series, and the Bemani series. With my favorite genre being JRPGs.  What types of games and game genres are for me?
[harvest moon, starbound]	I always liked games like Stardew Valley, because there a "lot of" ways to play the game and you can build your own place up, but I need something similar with a much better combat  - It can be a survival game, but as far I'm concerned all of them are far too simple when it comes to combat and its not really diverse in terms of gameplay, the best example comes with Dont Starve, but DS has literally unplayable combat  - JRPG combat is not something, I would try my hands with ever again  - It has to be on PC/ PC with emulators, though i doubt an old game could satisfy these requirements
[factorio]	So I've had this itch for a kind of game and I'm not sure it exists.   i really like RTS games, I like making big bases and watching units come out, watching miners do their thing, etc.  Eventually it has to come to combat (and I tend to suck at RTS combat).   I really like Dungeon Keeper and similar games where you have partial control of units but they largely do their own thing.  what I'm looking for is a game where like.  Trucks go and do stuff, pick up stuff, deliver it. Trucks need to be repaired/refueled.  Lots of logistics and infrastructure management but not at the macro-city level where it's just a ton of structures with some place-holder visuals of random cars spawning on streets to simulate "traffic."   The closest thing I can think of is Supreme Commander but that's mostly building turrets and resource collection is largely just building and defending structures.    I don't know. Does this game even exist? A Real Time "Defend and Collect" kind of game?   Not quite as macro as Civ but not as In-Your-Face tactical as WH40k Dawn of War or Starcraft.   Though I'll take "in-your-face" tactical if I can also turtle up and just build my big fortress base. 
[star wars: knights of the old republic, recettear: an item shop's tale, space pirates and zombies, running with rifles, crusader kings ii, shadow of mordor, dragon's dogma, hostile waters, shadow warrior, planetside 2, guild wars 2, helldivers, rimworld, mad max]	I don't know what to do with the PC I built. I left all my friends on consoles because PC gaming always intrigued me and I was in a position to upgrade, so I did.  I have no one that plays. I don't know what to play. I used to play destiny and the division. lost interest in the division, and have been struggling to find a game for months. Hell, I don't even know how to talk to people if I do find a game I like (I see things like teamspeak being mentioned, heard some people use Skype... I'm lost. lol).  Now that winter is coming up I would like to find a game I can just immerse myself in. I like grindy type games like destiny. shooters are a plus. I tried overwatch and Warframe. didn't really care for them. I've resorted to playing borderlands 2 that Ive already beat countless times when I played on 360 when it came out. Anyone wanna help get me out of this rut and make me not regret spending $1000+ on a whole PC setup?
[this game, minecraft, hard time]	When I say "less strict", by strict I mean games like minecraft or terraria where building is constricted to a static grid. I want to be able to build movable contraptions and maybe even vehicles.  Something where you need to gather resources and farm like minecraft, but with a building system kind of like space engineers - I like the idea of building turrets and movable ships. Also I love building all sorts of contraptions.  Medieval Engineers sounds nice but they say that the survival mechanics are subpar right now. But the systems present in the game like ropes and pulleys and wheels and stuff seem really nice.  Maybe an open world game with besiege-like building mechanics. The building aspect is important but it will simply not matter if resources are easy to come by.
[serious sam, serious sam]	I've passed a long time without playing FPS games. I remember that when I played the Modern Warfares games, it annoyed me a lot the fact the everything was extremely linear and that they tried too much to transform everything into a movie and gameplay-wise, it just didn't deliver.  So, a few years without playing any FPS and then I got DOOM (the new one) and became totally in love with it. Zero story (I mean, it's there, but if you don't care, it doesn't matter), very tight gameplay and large levels with lots of exploration. This game definitely showed me that if done right, FPS can still be a good experience.  So, with DOOM as a starting point, can you recommend me some FPS games that envolves a good deal of exploration and good combat without the need to follow a story to enjoy it?  Thanks in advance!
[mother goose]	I have been looking for a certain game from my childhood. I have seen many videos with the best old PC games on YouTube but never seen that game. Maybe you could help me. Here are some points and some of my recollections:  - it was some kind of adventure game located in some kind of a medieval world - I am not sure but I think there was a castle or some medieval elements  - the graphics was blocky (286 PC era) and a little childish; maybe some kind of Sierra like Police Quest games? The closest it looks is The Black Cauldron, but the game was more childish and more simple.   - you was playing a character perhaps a little boy? - I think he had a yellow hair and he kind of looked like like the guy from the [ITA EXPRESS game](http:// on ZX Spectrum.  - I played that game on 286 PC in early 90's - probably '91 - '93?  - I think you was given points for some things.   - I am not sure if you have an inventory or you could carry only one thing at a time.  - I think you could speak with other characters and lead some dialogue  - the game view was 2D - something like the fights in the HOMAM series.  - the graphics was kind of blocky, but probably colorful because I liked it a lot  - I think it has the white top bar with points you earn for some quests (like in the Sierra games)  - here are some more specific things: I think there was some kind of girl who was missing a sheep "Becky"?   - I also think there were some sheep scathered around and maybe a shepherd.  - I think your mission was to bring them some things etc.  - there was a character with a flute, I guess  - I think it wasn't point and click, but you was using cursor keys and maybe enter or spacebar for talking and using objects?  - for some reason, I remember the sheep being in the game in more screens - I think the game was not scrollable but based on rooms/screens - but it was mostly an open world - green grass and blue sky with clouds.  - I am not sure but maybe you could play for 2 characters a girl and a boy - but this is maybe not correct  Any ideas are welcome.  I will add more things, but It's very hard to recollect more things.
[dying light]	So two weeks ago my father passed suddenly of a heart attack. I'm looking for any kind of game that will immerse me in the world and just take me out of mine. Especially love RPG's, I have played Fallout, Elder Scrolls, and the Witcher series. Looking for something along those lines that will, again as I said, take me out of this world.  EDIT: Hey everyone, so I went ahead and got the Witcher 3 Game of the Year edition for PC. I just upgraded to a 1070 so I can actually run this thing. I haven't played either of the dlc's and I figured this is the perfect time to pick the game up and do a fresh playthrough. Thank you so much for all the kind words and suggestions.
[star ocean: the last hope]	Hi guys, this is my first post here. Can you suggest me some sci fi FPS/RPG games similar to SW:KotOR, Halo or Mass Effect in such a way that space is unifying theme trought the game (or game series), with rich story possibly leading to the uncovering of the ancient evil force lurking in the shadows and the conclusion of our hero being the saviour of the whole galaxy? I know it's a bit of a cliche but I'm just a sucker for that kind of media.   I have little interest in games that focus purely on space exploration/combat (like NMS, Elite: Dangerous lr Rebel Galaxy) but suggest away, I might find them interesting enough. Thanks!
[final fantasy 14, guild wars 2, wildstar]	Hi everyone, I know next to nothing about video games but would love to try to make some friends through one. I'm in a weird position in my life where I'm not allowed to leave my house, and one suggestion for me has been to try to make friends through video games.  The only video games I've played in the past have been Toontown and Wizard101. I started playing these almost 7 years ago and finally reached a point where all of the friends that I made on these moved on with their lives. I'm lonely now and would like to try something new.  I honestly have more of an interest in making friends than playing games for the sake of playing games, but I know they can be really enjoyable. I just have no idea where to begin with this; I've been looking around but I usually can't tell if something listed as "multiplayer" actually has the opportunity for long-term friendship or not, so I thought it would be helpful to just ask.  I'm willing to be open-minded and would appreciate any and all suggestions. :)
[planescape: torment, planescape: torment, baldur's gate, icewind dale]	Hey guys, I need some suggestion on good games that have story choices through dialogues and have an impact in game. These are the games that I have finished following the criteria.     Mass Effect Series  Dragon Age Series  KOTOR Series  Witcher Series  Gothic Series   Telltale Game Series  Deus Ex Series (Current-Gen Deus Ex)  Risen Series  Fallout Series  Alpha Protocol (dunno why ppl hate this, I love it! :D)  Fable Series  Jade Empire  The Walking Dead Series  Life is Strange  Fahrenheit  The Technomancer     So apart from game stated above, any other game that I should know? If it is an old game, I prefer if I can mod the graphics and widescreen. I play on PC by the way. 
[yoshi, kirby]	I was hoping to get some advice from Reddit on this one, because ironically, I've been gaming for so long now that I struggle to properly identify "easy" games.  I have a nephew who's about to turn 6 this month and a niece who's 4 and half. They visit my house most weekdays after school, and both enjoy gaming and are always asking to play my games consoles. The thing is, they seem to struggle with modern consoles. I think this is down to the complexity. Dual Analogue Sticks, D-Pad, Triggers, Bumpers, AND 4 Face Buttons; and games that often require using analogue sticks, buttons, and triggers simultaneously... it's just too much for them. I found they enjoy simple 2D games like Angry Birds on the iPad, and they quite enjoyed playing on some of my retro consoles; particularly the Mega Drive (Genesis for you Americans). The problem I have now is that I tend to prefer games with decent challenge. Things like 'Sonic Spinball' and 'Kid Chameleon' are the games I like to revisit, but they're just way too hard for them. Hell, they're struggling to get past Spring Yard Zone in Sonic 1 and they're just getting frustrated, but at the same time they still want to play games.  I'd like to be able to give them some games they'll genuinely enjoy and be able to beat, or at least feel like they're progressing. I know I could beat these games at this age, hell I beat the likes of 'Alex Kidd In Miracle World' on the Master System at age 4... but that's the problem. I'm clearly better at games than the average person. I know full grown adult gamers who haven't beaten and can't beat that game, obviously I was an obsessive kid in the late 80's/early 90's who took gaming far more seriously than most. Every time I introduce a new game they get annoyed because it's "too hard". I think I need to keep them on 2D games for now, until they get used to timing and control, but simple 3D could work too.   I have access to an NES, SNES, Master System, Mega Drive, Saturn, PS2 (so PSOne games are good too), Dreamcast, and Gamecube so there's plenty to choose from. (Basically everything except N64 and Wii). They also both own a 2DS and share and iPad. I have access to more modern consoles but I'm not sure how useful they'd be for this. I tried getting LEGO games on the PS3 for them and they just seemed confused by them, would repeatedly die, and again couldn't get more than a few levels in.  What games would you all suggest for kids of this age. I'm not so bothered about appropriate content, but obviously nothing that would give them nightmares or anything. 16-bit games are in general, kid friendly. Also excessive reading likely isn't good, they seem to give up quickly if the game expects them to do any reading beyond simple menus and the odd sentence of dialogue.  I'm thinking easy, cartoon-like, mascot platformers would be the best way to go; but if I remember rightly they're often quite hard. I remember the likes of 'Dynamite Heady' and the original 'Rayman' for example being really challenging. So any suggestions appreciated. (Pre-Analogue Stick if possible). Thanks in advance.
[clive barker's undying, resident evil, silent hill]	PLATFORMS: PC, PS4 and PS3  Condemned really nails a balance between making a player feel capable, yet vulnerable. The combat often felt desperate and tense. I love that the game managed to get under my skin and stay creepy as shit without taking away my ability to defend myself.   also managed to get this feeling across, but was notably less scary. Maybe my character felt *too* capable of kicking ass?  Either way, I'd love to find other games that come anywhere close to accomplishing the same.  **NOTE:** If you know of a game that really nails this but is on a different console, feel free to name drop the title. I may not be able to play it now, but I can still keep it in mind for the future. *Just please make sure to include what platform(s) the game is available on.*  **SIDE NOTE:** I didn't list Doom 3 because the scariest part of that game was the jump scares and I think jump scares are incredibly cheap. Blasting loud sound and having enemies pop out of monster closets isn't horror. That's just obnoxious.  Thanks!
[diablo 3]	Pretty much the title. I want to play something that feels "fresh", but I feel like I scrapped the barrel so much that I know the name of most moderately relevant games from the 2015-2016 period.  So, just a few guidelines of what I'm looking for:  -Single-player  -Older than two years(optional)  -Either a semi-active developing team still making changes or an extremely high quality unofficial team doing the same  -An active community(optional)  -Available on pc  Examples: Don't Starve or any strategy game by  kings 2, europa universalis 4, etc.)
[tropico 5, civ]	So, I've played a bit of the old Civilization games way back in the day. They were never my thing, but my older brother loved them. As a real young kid back then, I preferred base builders like Blizzard's -craft games, or C&amp;C. But I'm older now, I think I would probably get more out of these types of games, and I've been craving a different game type than I usually go for as of late.  Now, since I'm sort of dipping my toes in the genre here, I'd prefer something that might be considered more "casual". In case I don't fall in love with the game, I don't want something I'd have to grind to get a lot of out, you know?  So, onto the options I'm considering:  Endless Legend  Endless Space 2 beta  Civilization Beyond Earth  Though, I'm definitely open to suggestions I may not be aware of.
[call of duty: advanced warfare, rainbow six]	Hey guys, I'm looking to get back into console gaming with online multiplayer. I stopped playing consoles about 5 years ago give or take, and never was big into multiplayers, but now I have a lot more free time. I loved games like Final Fantasy X, different Zelda games, Fable, and other adventure games. I also loved playing campaigns in different war games all the way up to COD black Ops. What are the pros and cons of the new consoles out today? What do I consider when choosing one over the other, and what version or storage size?
[persona 3, persona 3]	Basically i'm looking for good games that have a bit of romance in them. I dont really know how to summarize it best, but basically something like  * Dragon Age/Mass Effect * Witcher 3 * Fire Emblem * Conception 2 (although that's already on the low side of the gameplay perspective)  What i am **not** looking for is pure Romance (like Visual Novels etc.) or some borderline sexgames like huniepop etc. If possible also no old Top-down RPG's. Sadly i could never really get into those.  As mentioned in the title, i'm looking for PC games, unfortunately many good games of the sort (for example Persona 4 etc.) seem to have been released for Handhelds rather than for PC   Suggestions are welcome. Thanks in Advance!  **EDIT**: Thanks to all the suggestions i am now playing Persona 4 on a PS2 Emulator, and so far it's pretty good. Riviera has also piqued my interest, so i'm likely getting that one for my PSP next.  Thanks everybody!
[tales of symphonia, rocket league]	Here's a list of my top 15 games on steam with time played. What would you recommend next?  1. CSGO 2029 hrs  2. CK2 1806 hrs  3. Dayz 831 hrs  4. Mount and Blade Warband 697 hrs  5. FTL 415 hrs  6. Arma 3 337hrs  7. Rust 333 hrs  8. EU IV 216 hrs  9. Stellaris 215 hrs  10. tropico 5 174hrs  11. Skyrim 156 hrs  12. Galactic Civ II 129 hrs  13. Fallout 4 115 hrs  14. Arma 2 114 hrs  15. H1Z1 88hrs  i also play a lot of battlefield BC2/3/4. Not all that interested in the new star wars or bf1.  Thanks in advance  EDIT I guess I like online coop fps, survivals, and grand strategy. Genres I also like that didn't make it to the top 15, commerce sim (patrician, the guild..) RPGs and minecraft/terraria type builders
[chrono trigger, hong kong, shadowrun]	So I'm getting up in my 30's now and my attention span isn't what it used to be - and I've had the most trouble lately finding an RPG that can hold my attention for more than an hour or two.  The really hardcore "stereotypical"  JRPG's I find it hard to get into the characters / mechanics.    Some of my favorites: Mario RPG, Earthbound, Lost Odyssey, Legend of the Heroes, Child of Light, Paper Mario TTYD, most all Zeldas, Banner Saga  I can't seem to get into most of the FF games or Tales game because the stories / characters don't grab me (I've tried Tales of Symphonia / Zespiria, FF 10 &amp; 13) - but it's mostly because I prefer games that ease you in versus giving you a ton of characters and 47 game mechanics to figure out right off the bat - I suppose perhaps accessible might be what I'm looking for - and not super challenging.  I get my challenges from work and kind of just want, I just want something laid back when I'm playing.  I've got access to PC, 3DS, and Wii U - though I prefer PC.  I have zero problem if a game is shorter, because you know, attention span.    One other thing is I generally hate crafting games.  As soon as I go through an hours worth of crafting, I bail (I'm looking at you Witcher 3 &amp; Fallout 4).    Any suggestions for RPG's for a busy adult with short attention span?
[suikoden]	Hello there!  I have been playing RPGs on and off for a long time now. They have always been some of my fave games to actually play and get involved in, to see the story of the characters and the world they live in. Very very rarely will I be playing an RPG for combat.   I recently came accross Trails in the Sky and I fell in love with it as a series. The attention to detail in the world was fantastic, from the characters taking children out of the room for serious convos, to the story not flat out saying everything so you had to talk to NPCs to fully understand everything to even the fact that the NPCs changed what they had to say to you based upon how far you were in the plot. And I mean it changed everytime the main story moved forward even an inch.   The attention to detail was something I was not used to within a game as normally NPCs will have the same thing to say reguardless or will only change when major points happen in the story.     So, I have been seraching to try and find a series that has the attention to detail I want. I tried a few of the more popular JRPGs such as Persona, but everything felt so fixed in what the NPCs said, even when major events happened. As well as a few other series I've checked out. So even though all these other series are still really good... I want to find another that has had such love and caring put into it that they did all the little details as well as the big ones.  Edit: Friend told me to mention that I have played TES, TES isn't the type of detail I am refering to. 
[dota 2, lol]	 know i've been posting too much and shit but being undecisive is my nature :/  Cant decide shit,every decision of mine is based on others opinion because i am shit at deciding xD.  But,back to the main point of this post,i'd like to ask you an opinion about which game would be better to play and to pass time.  I mostly play solo and i dont like games that luck or being pay 2 win decides the game outcome.  I want to play a fun,ncie game,a game where you need to think to do well and stuff.  But something fun and nice is the main point.  And not a really high spec pc requiring game,my pc isnt that strong xD  What game would you recommend playing/downloading right now?  League of legends or dota 2?  I gonna start playing it and stick with it Xd  EDIT: Specs that i can remember: 8gb of ram  cpu: amd quad core a6-3650 apu   gpu: geforce gt520 
[guild wars 2, for glory, endgame, endgame, ffxiv, ffxiv]	I am looking for a new MMO to start playing now since I have gotten bored of WoW. I am mostly looking at either Guild Wars 2 and FF XIV. I am also mostly looking for PVP game play and guild stuff as well. The class that I have most familiarity on it is the paladin. Mostly looking at Guild Wars 2 and FF XIV but willing to listen to other suggestions.   Reasons for leaving wow:-  Poor selection of melee classes with them either being useless, boring or very similar to another one.   PVP gets almost no support   Didn't like being forced to do high end dungeons to carry on the story lines
[jade empire]	Basically, what I mean is something kinda similar to Morrowind, KOTOR, Jade Empire or Fallout: New Vegas, where the gameplay elements are action and exploration based, but the RPG elements are resemble that of table-top RPGs regarding story and world development and player-character development. Most games I see listed as "RPG" either don't fit this criteria at all, or in many cases simply do not fit the criteria of "RPG", period.  For an example of something that doesn't work for this, games like Dark Souls and Fallout 4, for example, don't have any of the same depth in story or player development; in FO4 the story-telling and world-building is sub-par and development of the player and the player's skills are simply unsatisfying and don't feel impactful as they would in a table-top RPG or in games that resemble these pen-and-paper type games ( FO:NV). Dark Souls feels like a dungeon crawler, hack-and-slash with no depth at all and, in my personal opinion, fails to meet any standards of being an RPG.  Does anyone have suggestions for games that might fit these qualities?
[beyond good and evil, ratchet and clank]	So I took a nostalgia hit last winter. I bought the Ratchet &amp; Clank Collection Remastered and Future: Tools of Destruction on PS3. I played a bit of both of them and they were awesome.  The closest thing I've gotten on PC is the Going Commando emulation. It's runs decently, aside from some graphical glitches and major FPS drops every few minutes, definitely better than some other games I've tried to emulate.  I'm looking for a game with two things:   * **Third Person Platforming**: Games like *Spongebob Battle for Bikini Bottom* (emulates very well), *The Simpsons Hit &amp; Run* (emulates extremely well).  * **Third Person Shooting**: Games like Ratchet and Clank: *Going Commando* (emulates decently).  The closest thing that I think exists on PC and hasn't been mentioned in similar threads is the LEGO games. I remember Star Wars having some decent platforming and shooting, but they're a bit too easy. Also, LEGO graphics kind of suck. The textures look weird in certain places, some areas go from blocky to normal.   R&amp;C really had consistent graphics throughout the game and made the world more enjoyable.
[broken land]	Looking for a PC game like Thea or Hinterland or Space Rangers.  For some reason these games despite being old or low budget keep getting reinstalled on my machine.  Some things that I like;  Simple game mechanics that interact predictable but the game is complex based on their combination  (chess, factorio).  Some sort of persistent leveling mechanic.  You beat the game and now your a bit stronger on your second play through and you go faster or increase the difficulty.  Gear.  Love making gear and equipping it on my army.  
[pirates of the caribbean game, sea dogs, game on, xbox]	So I'm looking for a game that allows you to be a Pirate/Smuggler or just a simple trader. Before you get out the obvious ones I'll say "No I don't want to play Black Flag. No I don't want to play Eve."  I want to have a ship (on the water). I want to be a pirate/smuggler/trader. Fantasy preferred.  I've played   * Black Flag * Eve * Mount and Blade (it's... kinda similar) * Elite Dangerous * Windward (something with a bit more depth like this would be amazing)  Crew Management/Making would be great but I'll have a look at other games as well. 
[mass effect]	Ive been in a slope recently where i cant enjoy any games anymore. I played the WoW Legion since launch and have grown bored, and all i do nowadays is look for a game thats fun and immersive. But cant seem to find any, even tho i have great games in my library such as skyrim, witcher series, fallout etc but i just cant enjoy them anymore. I Cant enjoy Online games like rocket league, CSGO and league anymore. So what im asking is any good game, may it be online or offline, price is not an issue i just need to find joy in gaming again.
[medieval 2]	Title says it all. I'm looking for a game set in the medival ages, that focuses primarily on kingdom building. I don't mind fantasy elements, but I don't want the focus to be on the fantasy aspects. And of course, realism is preffered. I would really like for it to be more RPG oriented than strategy, if possible. But I'm really open to all kinds of suggestions right now.   I have played the shit out of the following:  * Mount and Blade (All of them.)  * Age of Empires  * Civ series  * Skyrim (with mods)  * Rebuild  * Stonghold  * Kingdom   * Banished  * Gnomoria  * Dwarf Fortress  So please throw some fresh ones at me.
[tales of vesperia, mass effect]	After playing so much Dota, I need a break. For different reasons. Not simply because of the toxic community, as I'm sure is probably the typical reason give that one needs a break from Dota, but also because the lack of a story is actually starting to bug me.  I'd prefer a game that doesn't necessarily rely on cut scenes to convey the dialogue. While I never did play The Last Story, I loved reading the reviews that stated there was a lot of chattiness between the party members while exploring the world.   Can be either WRPG or JRPG, though right now I'm more in the mood for a WRPG.
[spellforce]	So the one I'm looking for is basically an Strategy, RTS + RPG.  I don't know if anyone would know but like two decades ago, there was a game called Kingdom Under Fire and that was like starcraft with units that have leveling system. I really think that was a cool concept, which IS used in today's games but with limitation.  What I want needs to be more then that.  I'd love company of heroes 2 :Ardenness Assault Style battle engagement / battle field control / probably the play style itself.  From what I mentioned, it seems somewhat like Total war series so far but lastly, it will need to have to have HOI or Gary Grigsby's War in the East unit/division movement + infrastructure building + supply line + Technology development.  So for example, on full map view (HOI), units/divisions will collide and player has optional choice of manually doing battle (COH) or let Ai do it while player focuses on sending more reinforcement that way or macro managing tech and infrastructure.  It's probably impossible to ever play a game like this, I know.  But playing total war series, I see my other army derping while one battle is going on and annexed land's people rebel once then goes total silent.  Coh 1+2, love the battle and controls but can't control grand scheme of things.  HOI/ Gary Grigsby's War in the East, yea they are great, really great but I have to continuously see ai rolling dices and numbers.   ideas? (Don't hate me for asking this :&lt;)
[adventure capitalist]	i have lots of experience playing all kinds of games, but i have never really played much of those tycoons or whatever. what urged me to go looking for something were rather different experiences in very different games.  i actually liked the investment/collect shit to increase value and get money in assassins creed games. it was simplistic, but the idea of what i want is similar.  prison architect, you get allowances, expand and improve your prison to get profit etc.  sim city/cities skylines obviously.  sims games - yeeeee....   i guess a lot of games have that sort of loop thing, but i wanted to hear some ideas of games where that is done in a satisfying way.
[final fantasy xv, dark souls 3, bloodborne, star ocean, persona 5, game on]	I have myself a handful of time in my hands as of the moment, so I've decided to get my PS4 fired up for a game or so.  I'm a big fan of the Kingdom Hearts series. (but I haven't found anything similar, after a quick research I did, and  won't come out till next year sooo..) I usually like Open World Sandboxes with tons of freedom, Tales-esque JRPGs, RPGs with great character development in terms of gameplay(maybe like an in depth class or levelling system? Or anything similar, I guess.) Also, I've been looking for a game with a really indepth equipment and crafting system. Games with tons of extra content like sidequests are great too! If you guys know of a game that isn't necessarily rpg-esque but can fit some of the things I've stated, don't be shy to tell those too :D I am just looking for some fun to pass my time off after all, I guess I just tend to lean towards these kinds of games. :3
[company of heroes, red faction, saints row, out there]	I'm a new gamer; I used a play a ton of games a while ago when I was in Junior High, but I'm a senior at high school now. I enjoy "live-another-life" type open world games. GTA is one, but I want something more immersive; different time-lines and stuff. I've been playing Saints Row; the visuals are fun and I'm enjoying it but it's a little grindy. I've been looking into the Mafia games and reading reviews on II, because it's cheaper and I'll play it while waiting for the price to come down on III. Is this a fun game? Any other suggestions would be awesome. ALSO, I really enjoy war games with mass death and world war 1 type death, like Running With Rifles. I play RWR like, every day and I enjoy it IMMENSELY. Maybe one of my favorite games ever. So anything else like it?
[deus ex]	My friend is really into the recent Elder Scrolls and Fallout games, and only one of the two series' has traditionally had first person gameplay.  They're kind of new to gaming, and can only play first person games at this point.  Though he does like the concept of an RPG way more than that of a shooter.  Hence my question.  It could be a JRPG, or a western RPG, it just has to be relatively accessible and recent.  (Think the 6th generation of consoles, going forwards)  Though not Morrowind, he has expressed distaste for that one for reasons beyond me.  It might be the graphics.  Also, he would prefer real-time combat, and an open-world environment, though neither are necessary.  I found some of what we're looking for when I Googled it, but I'm always looking for new games, and we live in the same household so... yeah.  I say 'friend' but I really mean 'family member I don't want to identify because he does not want to be identified'.  
[minecraft]	I remember I use to play on a minecraft server where you could just roam around and build stuff freely, and there was a sense of local community. You could group up and build stuff in one area and then roam to the next or stay in one spot as new people (rarely) come by. It was relaxing, but A those kind of servers are hard to come by, B I don't really like Minecraft's mechanics and player base, and C when Mojang updated their services I lost access to my account.  I got really excited when No Man's Sky was announced, a big open world where you could (I assumed) build bases and weapons and stuff, and potentially meet other players (I assumed) and could roam these huge beautiful worlds freely (I assumed) until you ran into someone to talk to (I assumed). I didn't get that, but now I'm really nostalgic for that kind of game experience.  Basically I want a game that has a huge open world where you can interact with other people and build stuff, and have a local community of sorts. Preferably free (blew my money on NMS).
[pillars of eternity]	so ive tried searching online but it just comes up with single person rpgs like fallout, witcher, etc. then i stumbled upon this nifty sub reddit, hope you nice folks could help me out :D  i've had an itch lately for a open world, party based game. but more specifically im looking for something where i can customize the weapons and Armour and skills of the people in my party, pretty much something like dragon quest 9, but for PC. any genre so long as retains those principles would be awesome!  any suggestions would be great and thank you in advance!
[racing games]	Hello guys.  I found [this](https:// topic but it doesn't help much.  In general, I'm looking for racing game with great sense of speed. **PC only**. What I'd like is pretty realistic (I mean *setting* - real (or at least realistic) cars, cities / racetracks - so sci-fi / cartoon / *funny* racers are no-no for me). I'm bored by racing games, when you are driving 120 kmh but feels like 30 kmh, and *sense of speed* toggles on when you are driving 250 at least. Get, for example, Need for Speed series. In general, you are not driving fast - you have lot of time to make decision, to think, etc. In that case, sense of speed is falsely caused by ambient occlusions and blurs. I don't like it, I don't *feel* it. Also GRID, CARS, newer Test Drives, Colin's / DiRTs, most NASCAR games, and lots other racing games sucks in terms of sense of speed.  I liked goldie Daytona USA, (actually-not-so)good (very) old Test Drive games, also Island environment in Trackmania games.  I'm thinking about Blur, Split Second, also Flatout and Burnout are often recommended, but in the videos they aren't looking like games with great sense of speed (maybe Burnout is exception), but I'm not a huge fan of *mayhem racing*.  Do you have any suggestions?  Best regards,   Ved
[persona 5, pick up, digimon]	I'd like to get a very simple RPG game that is available for the PS4. I recently tried Disgaea 5 and the battle mechanics are too puzzley/involved. I think Disgaea 5 is close to what I'm looking  when I go to fight I just want the traditional "turn-based combat".  What I'm looking for:  - No real time interaction during play  - Nothing like Skyrim or The Witcher III. If I stop at any time to answer the phone/door/etc I want to be able to pick back up where I left off. (More JRPG most likely)  - Some of the more recent RPGs I've played require you to time a button press with the animation to get a proper attack. Nope. None of this.  - A bit of platformer for moving and such is ok (like Super Mario RPG)  - Something that is super  SUPER easy.  - It needs to be easy enough to eat dinner while playing - literally being able to play the game one button at a time.  - I don't mind grinding through hundreds of easy mobs to get strong enough to make bosses easier.  - 3rd Person Perspective Only  I recall a few RPGs from my childhood that are about what I'm looking for. Super Mario RPG is a perfect example. I tried one of the FF games in the early 2000s (maybe X-2) that was close to what I am looking for.  I should point out that I'm not necessarily looking for a "good" game. Easy and simple battle mechanics are far more important than the story.  Does such a game exist?
[path of exile, path of exile]	I always think multiplayer games are fun at first - I really enjoy the thrill of playing against other people. However, in most match-based multiplayer games (not talking about MMOs and the like), it feels like there is no progression. It feels like I'm just pointlessly doing the same thing over and over.  Two examples of this are Overwatch and Splatoon - both games I enjoy when I play them, but find myself struggling to care about going back. In Overwatch there is barely any sense of progression at all - I don't feel like there's anything to achieve besides being a little bit better at winning than I was yesterday. Literally the only things to even unlock are just skins, and even then that is totally unsatisfying because it's all up to those RNG Disappointment Boxes.  In Splatoon, there's a little bit more of a sense of progression, since you unlock new  that mostly they're all the same as the other weapons of the same type that you've already unlocked. Once you find a weapon you like, who cares about unlocking more weapons?  Anyway, any suggestions for how I can enjoy multiplayer games more? Are they just not the type of game for me?
[prison architect, dwarf fortress, rimworld, factorio, civ]	Recently I've been searching for a game to satisfy my civ building itch. I'm not so much interested in war, but it's acceptable. The real thing I've been looking for is more of a play style I have not been able to find.   I do not want to place all the structures or micromanage units. I'd like to make overall decisions for my civ and watch it grow or fail on its own. I've tried Europa Universalis and found it unsatisfying considering the visual style and drawn out game play. Banished comes to mind as I like how the agents will go around and do some of their own thing, but in the end I'm still placing buildings and defining specific agent roles myself.   Any recommendations I might try out? Thank you!
[trauma center, pick up]	I don't know if anyone remembers Life &amp; Death from way back in the day... but I thought about it today and now I really want to play a game like that again. Ideally something just a touch more modern though.  NOT Surgeon Simulator!  Not a comedy game.  Something serious - leaning more towards the simulation/realism side of things than the arcade side. On PC or maybe android if it's not full of adds or microtransactions.  I tried a google search or two but all I got were legions of crappy mobile games, or Surgeon Simulator.  Help me out? Something like Life &amp; Death. Something with diagnosis, doctoring, surgery all that good stuff.
[stardew valley]	I feel stressed after doing bad in competitive games, but I still feel like playing games.  You can recommend me absolutely any game despite what I want in them listed below:  Either of these come as a bonus:  * Not to be birds eye view or strategy based * To have simple graphics (but not overly pixelated) and unique elements like super hot * Maybe controller support * Can be challenging, but not rage inducing when failing * Doesn't take too much space on HDD * Co-op only if some of you guys are willing to play with me, because my friends don't own games 
[mercs]	As the title says, I've been craving the kind of game where you have multiple party members and the ability to customise their names and appearances, so as to create a squad of you and a group of real life friends. XCOM was good for  your soldiers, take them out on missions, have that one guy who's an absolute hero the whole game, till he just gets murdered by a mind controlled dude.  But yeah, these kind  of games are very appealing to me right now because of the potential for generating crazy war stories for a friend group
[alan wake]	Before you even read the rest of this, sorry if it sounds like i'm being picky or looking for something uber specific (but i am :p )  Looking for games that are gothic/horror/spooky without necessarily trying to scare you all the time. Basically games with a scary coat of paint that are still pretty great/fun. I'm not saying they can't be scary, but I'd like something besides [SURVIVE FROM SCARY THINGS OOOOOOOspooky]. Some examples that i've played and fall into what I'm looking for are Medievil, Dark Souls, Diablo, and Dead Island
[bioshock]	I have 15 days to return the TV, should I decide to do so, so over the next 15 days I want to really put this TV to the test. So far I've tried out Doom, Dark Souls 3, and Shadow of Mordor, and they all look great. Tonight I'll probably test out The Witcher 3 and KSP (although since the  update, there aren't many compatible graphics mods yet). Any suggestions are welcome! I have a pretty beefy desktop with a GTX 1080, so the more graphics-intensive the game, the better.  Also, if you happen to know of anything I could watch let me know. I watched a couple 4K videos on youtube. Do Netflix or Hulu have 4K programming?
[pikmin, lol]	Anyone know of an RTS game that instead of dividing the game into missions like StarCraft and Command Conquer, uses an open world platform similar to Metroidvania games?  Explore the map, discover distinctly themed regions and conquer them while defending your existing territory?  Ideally it would also be space or fantasy based and as you control more territory and your resource gathering expands, you'd build more epic units (that might unlock sections of the map you previously couldn't access, Metroidvania style).  As I write this, I realize I'm asking for too much, but a geek can dream.
[suikoden 3]	Hiya, I don't know if any such game exists that I haven't played already, but I'm going to give it a shot. So I'm looking for a game ideally for pc, but I'm willing to look elsewhere. What I'm looking for is a turn based rpg that doesn't have any tactical aspects (moving your characters/tile scheme) like ff tactics or disgaea. One with no tedious crafting or equipment upgrade system, but rather something where most of the best equipment is a reward from chest/bosses/optional side quests, that kind of thing. Being in 3D would be a big plus, or at the very least a non-rpg maker style game. In essence I'm looking for something along the lines of Dragon Quest, ff1-12, breath of fire, those types, but something that I haven't played yet. I've also played through all the Tales, Xeno, and star ocean games.  Bonus points if there is no voice acting, since I tend to play in the quiet. Chrono Cross and Final Fantasy 10 remain a couple of my favourite games if that gives you any sort of gauge.  If someone can recommend an SMT game that fits with what I'm looking for that would be great too. I tried out P3 but the sickness/tiredness aspect really made me lose interest since it forced me to stop battling and grinding, and I found the relationship management a little convoluted and uninteresting (cool idea though, I just didn't have the patience or understanding) if the others don't have that kind of thing, please let me know! I remember really enjoying Nocturne, but I never quite finished it.  Any suggestions are greatly appreciated! 
[silent hill ]	It does not have to be in the "horror/survival" genre whatsoever. Could be WoW becuase Undercity or Minecraft because Creepers.  My pick would probably be Resident Evil Remake or Amnesia but I'm not sure which. And then there's The Last Express. It's not supposed to be scary but something about the way time constantly flows and the feeling when a passenger is walking towards you from the end of the hall, and you never know when it's going to trigger some fail-state event, makes it nerve-wracking to me.  But I'm going even scarier than that, if you post the game you found to be the scariest out of any game for any reason you can justify it with.
[shadow warrior 2]	I'm looking for something to play over the next week (and hopefully finish within &lt;30 hours). I LOVE CSGO, TF2, and Overwatch but I want something that's not stressful or competitive for a small break. GTA V was great for a couple weeks and maybe I'm looking for something kind of similar. I prefer more skill building and strategy to collecting items and leveling up.  I like Bioshock's look and game play but it becomes pretty redundant towards the end. I would much prefer an open map look with set objectives.  edit: Bioshock and Left 4 Dead series was great, too!  edit 2: Looking around some more I kinda like: Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide and Dead Island 
[lovers in a dangerous space time, life is strange, dying light, portal 2]	Hi all, My girlfriend and I go to different universities and as such we like to play games to spend time together. The problem arises that I like competitive/action-packed games (Think LoL, Overwatch, CS:GO, etc.) and she likes much calmer, more story based games (Think Okami, Ori and the blind forest, and Thomas was Alone).   Are there any games that we can play online together that split this divide well? The only game we have liked to play together was The Binding of Isaac, but that is only local multiplayer.  Thanks in advance for any responses!
[rimworld]	I am primarily a Steam user, but I enjoy games on all consoles, sans PS4, WiiU, and XBONE.   I have had the hardest time getting over Fallout 4 and Stardew Valley. I loved the aspects of building up a small place, and in FO4's case defending it. I'm also a huge sucker for RPGs, and absolutely loved tinkering with the breeding systems in games like Pokemon. I also really loved just raising and working with animals in Stardew Valley.   Are there any games that can satisfy this itch with? I started playing Balrum, and while I found it a very competent game, it wasn't exactly what I was looking for.   Anyways, as always, I really appreciate your help. You peeps are great. 
[rayman origins]	EDIT: Just realized 2 seconds after posting that there is a /r/GamingCouple... but please don't let it keep you from posting suggestions... I don't think I'm entirely out of topic.  Hi, I'm looking for PC games I can couch co-op with my gf. Here are the games we've already played together:  - Most Mario games from Mario 2 to Super Paper Mario (emulator+Wii)   - Hammerwatch - Ori and the Blind Forest (mostly she plays and I Backseat Overlord behind her... she does not read in-game text and keeps forgetting what her abilities are and their uses)   - http://  She enjoyed Skyrim (played at bff's house) so I plan to try Portal 2 with her. (I've finished it already with a friend of mine... we argued all the time). But no FPS like halo because I think it would be too difficult for her (and she has no patience/perseverance.  In Ori, she would get to a difficult part, die 10 times in a row, then rage quit, he last session lasted 10 minutes)...  So I'm not sure what kind of games allow Couch co-op lately. I'd like to find something like Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance 2, but most of the recent ones are online co-op... like D3 and Torchlight, and such...
[walking dead, talos]	Things have been strange for me lately. I'm moving from my hometown to San Francisco in a few weeks for a great job and I'm more than excited for it.  However, things around me in my hometown are kinda falling apart. Social dynamics between a few people I know and love have changed drastically in the matter of weeks. I don't want to get into that, but get more into certain games that can help through a tough time.  What I mean by this is a game that can add perspective, or show you something new about life. That seems pretty vague, but here are some examples of games that have already done that for me:  * Braid * Undertale * Stanley Parable * Antichamber * Bastion * Transistor  I'm not looking for a long/in-depth game to simply take my mind off my troubles, but something that could confront me and challenge the way I think and feel about anything.  Thanks in advance!  EDIT: Added Bastion and Transistor to the list that I've played.
[wolfenstein: the new order]	So my first FPS was Battlefield 1942 way back in 2002, and I took the time to get to a level where I could top a scoreboard on many occasions. Same went for Bf2 and 3 as well as COD 4, MW2, and Black Ops. My skill from other games easily transferred into every other FPS. However, ever since BF4 came out, I have SUCKED at any FPS game I try. I have no idea what happened. There was no long period of not playing any FPS games, I went from doing well in just about every game of BF3 to having an almost constant negative KDR and sitting at the bottom of the scoreboard like a noob in anything else. Lately I've been really wanting to get into Planetside 2. While it's fun, I just get my ass handed to me over and over. Did modern fps games change and I've failed to adjust, or have I gone blind or something? This is really frustrating.  I'm hoping maybe one or two of you have had a similar experience, but regardless, I could really use some advice.
[risk of rain, skullgirls, pick up]	Hi guys,  I'm looking for some suggestions from adult gamers who have job, family, not much time for gaming. People who played for the last 20+ years and feel that they've seen it all. People who aren't easy to impress, who see patterns and cheap shortcuts in game mechanics.  I'm not looking for one genre I'm looking for something GOOD, made with effort and something that doesn't bore someone with 20 years in gaming so easly. In recent years I enjoyed following games (in no particilar order): Far Cry series, Dishonored, Neo Scavenger, Rimworld, Factorio, Sahdow of Mordor, Dark Souls series, Kerbal Space Program, Crusader Kings II, Duelyst, EvE Online, League of Legends, Battlerite, Rocket League, FEAR, Alan Wake, Dying Light, GTA series  Games that i thought i would like but i didn't:  Witcher 3 - don't get me wrong I think that it's beautiful game with great story and side quests. however combat felt unresponsive for me (i played it after dark souls) and i didn't stick with this game for more than 10 hours  MGS V - I loved MGS 1 on PSX! MGS V got great reviews and seemed like a game I would love but I just can't handle Japanese stories anymore. Too much pointless philosophical talking, stupid fan service and to be honest medicore gameplay.  Bioshock Series - I just don't get the apeal. In both Dishonored and Bioshock there is grim setting and superpowers and I loved the first and hate the latter. Somethink about combat is so off that I didn't play for longer than 2 hours.   tl;dr - If you don't want to read long post don't bother to just randomly suggest your favorite game. No one forces you to contribute.   EDIT: Wow! I didn't expect so many awesome answers! Thank you all for suggestions!
[rune factory 4, harvest moon, harvest moon, dark cloud 2, power up, turn it, aoe, aoe]	- 3D action - Player only controls 1 character (I don't want to worry about multiple characters and just focus on one) - The character levels up as he/she fights, gaining stats, so he/she can be more powerful simply by battling more - Player finds weapons and armors, which alters the way/style the character fights. Customizing the character with equipments is quite deep like deck combination in card-based games - Story is okay but not constantly interrupted by story - Something made by Japanese developers (for art style reasons) - Platforms: PS3, Vita, PS4 or 3DS - Female character preferred but not necessary  I'm wondering... Is there such a game?
[roguelike, rimworld]	preferably something with random encounters and/or procedural generation and generally emergent gameplay.  also i don't like 3rd-person shooters, and i personally enjoy interactive combat, so a FPS or a 3rd-person slasher (like Dark Souls) is recommended. finally i'd like it if the game had more than just combat but also some management and planning and general freedom of exploration and gameplay styles (stealth, run &amp; gun,  something with depth like Dwarf Fortress but in 1st-person or 3rd-person view. 
[undertale]	Just finished and loved **Playdead's Inside**, looking for my next game that I can download on **xbox one**.  I like RPG's, platformers, action/adventure, and story driven games.  I am **not** a big fan of FPS games.  These are the most recent games I've completed:   Playdead's Inside   Hyper Light Drifter   Witcher 3   Shovel Knight   Life is Strange   Oxenfree   Ori &amp; The Blind Forest   Child of Light    &amp;nbsp;   Some of my favorites of all time:   Final Fantasy 4,6,9,10,12   Legend of Zelda: (most all of them, but Link to the Past is the best)   Chrono Trigger   Skyrim   Earthbound   Super Mario World    &amp;nbsp;  Suggestions are welcome and appreciated! 
[roguelike]	I'm not much of a gamer but I've just gotten a new graphics card and would like to try out a couple games to see the difference. I bought Wolfenstein The New Order but after 45 minutes I was basically still watching cutscenes and hadn't fired a single bullet. I looked online to see if there was a way to skip ahead but couldn't find anything.  I'm looking for something I can just hop into and start playing. I don't really want to have to invest hours into keeping up with the story and going through all of that, I just want to play. What would you recommend?   Edit: typo in title, should be "What's a PC game ..." 
[roman empire, caesar iv]	I'm looking for a game where you build a city and allows you to make visual improvements to it. Two games I've played kinda fulfill this condition:  * **Anno series**: It's fun to make the city you've built look pretty, but I think the cities are a bit too big and you can't influence many details. What I mean by that is you don't have the possibility to individually beautify the city, it's all about putting some generic ponds/statues/etc. all over the city and for me it ends up being about symmetry. I'd like to spend 10, 20 minutes on a spot, for example a lake, and then move on to an alley I want to make stand out. It's kinda hard to explain...  * **Black and White 2** is better in this regard, everything's smaller in scale and you are 'closer' to your city (I know you can zoom in Anno or change view with F1, but that's not the same). However, IIRC it lacked variety and the game as a whole had other issues. I liked how your behavior influenced the appearance of your town, if you were evil everything was dark and hellish and if you were good everything was lush and bright, which is a feature that to some degree is present in Anno 2070 as well (Eco/Tycoon + environmental balance; but because it's the future the cities are too 'cold' compared to 1404).    Other games I've played are **Tropico 4+5**, which were good, but I believe lacked variety as well. Tropico 5 definitely, I had more long term fun with #4. Also, **Cities: Skylines**, although I haven't played it in half a year; if someone could give me tips what user generated content to download I'd appreciate it, but I think it'll quickly get to big and it's a modern city, which takes away a lot. Not sure what **Banished** offers in this regard...  Old games like Pharaoh or Zeus + Poseidon probably won't offer enough possibilities. Minecraft lacks the details and while I've seen beautiful buildings or towns, it looks like it takes forever to build them.      TL;DR: So, the best case scenario would be a city builder game, which lets you build a small medieval or ancient town where you have a great variety of options to beautify it. It's gotta be 3D. Newer is better. 
[nuclear throne]	So i used to really enjoy games like skyrim, civilization, total war (and upon the shameful occasion the sims). I would play for at least three hours minimum, and 12 at the max (i have yet to complete a 24 hour marathon, i am weak.). However, looking upon my grades freshman and sophomore year, i realized that shits not sustainable if i wanna get into a good college. However, I still like video games and was wondering if there were any low key, low commitment pc games i could play in a minimized window in between homework breaks or something. 
[blade 2]	I haven't played it but I watched some videos on it, Kingdom New Lands, and it looks nice but the thing is I don't like how the player doesn't really have any control on the situation besides gathering money and spending it on buildings. I'm looking for a game where I contribute to the new kingdom that's being built. I want to gather resources, give tasks to my villagers, set up defensive units, and most importantly play a role in helping them. I don't want to stand by and watch them do everything like in the Civilization games, I want to be in there with them. Hope this helps narrow down on what I'm really looking for :) 
[shadow of mordor, assassins creed, mad max]	Hey there folks of this sub!  i myself i am a decent gamer and have played lots of games for many hours. But recently my little sister (14) is starting to play too. so i gave her my old ps3 with assassins creed 2 and left her at that. it took her around 20 hours to finish the main story line. I want her to experience other great games as well but i think games like dark souls or the witcher 3 are to hard for her. Do some of you guys know of any games that have a similair style of combat    that can prep her for those games?
[wasteland 2, hong kong, shadowrun]	I *really* wanted to like Divinity: Original Sin.  And 3-4 hours into it, I may keep going.  But although there's a lot of exploration and the combat is excellent, I can't get into this world or the plot at all.  Everything about the city feels like a collection of generic fantasy tropes, the dialogue is stilted, and the backstory is almost nonexistent (What makes Source different from normal magic?  Why is it bad?  IT JUST IS, OK.)  I can't see getting invested in this world, and that's really a shame because it looks great otherwise.  I loved Planescape: Torment and Pillars of Eternity.  I was also a big fan of Arcanum when it came out, and the first two Fallout games.  Those are probably my favorite CRPGs.  I was thinking of trying Baldur's Gate, but I don't care for Infinity Engine combat (it feels chaotic and random to have everyone hacking in real-time), and I hear those games are very combat-heavy.  Any suggestions for what I might enjoy would be welcome!
[borderlands 2, rocket league, rocket league, torchlight 2]	Hi to whoever is willing to look this over. Me and my friend really love gaming but recently I've started to get bored/annoyed with the game we've been filling our days with up until now (LoL), mostly because of the fact it's pvp and people can be.... less than the best companions. So, I'm trying to find a PvE game that we can pick up together that preferably can be played in 1-2 hour increments (since we're both in school) we like games that are like Tales Of Pirates, LoL and other fantasy action kind of things if that helps. Also, I don't think normal MMORPG's would work because of the sheer time you have to put into them to get viable in end-game. With that said if anyone has suggestions they would be greatly appreciated, thanks. TL;DR - Looking for a PvE game me and a friend can pick up quick and play for 1-2 hours at a time.
[black desert online, the witcher]	I would probably be considered a casual gamer by certain people, so I'll apologise in advance if I use any incorrect terminology.    I was wondering if anyone could recommend any games that fit the following criteria:  A release date of 1995 or later  Three dimensional graphics with a third or first person view.  The ability to explore a variety of landscapes   ( arctic areas, beaches, canyons, caves, deserts, forests, grassland, jungles, lakes, mountains, ocean, rivers, swamps, valleys).  Although it's not vital, I'd love it to have an element of magic/fantasy, but would still welcome suggestions of games that do not have this element.  If there is combat, then I would definitely prefer it to be real time,  similar to the combat in Dark Souls, Skyrim, or Zelda.  I have no problem playing games where guns are used in combat, but I definitely prefer combat that involves melee weapons or magic.  Some will hate me for saying this, but I'm not a fan of playing on hand held consoles, so I'd like it to be a game that can be played on PC, or any home console platform that has been released after the Nintendo 64,  (Playstation 2/3/4, Xbox/360/One, N64, Gamecube, Wii/Wii U)  Games I've already played that are the sort of thing I'm looking for  are:  Skyrim  Dark Souls  Oblivion  The five main home console Zeldas: (Ocarina of Time, Majora's Mask, Wind Waker, Twilight Princess, Skyward Sword)  Star Fox Adventures  Kingdom Hearts 2  Rayman 2: The Great Escape  Ratchet and Clank 1&amp;2  Conker's Bad Fur Day  Banjo Kazooie  Thank you for taking the time to read this post,  any recommendations will be greatly appreciated.
[call of duty, f.e.a.r.]	Now, I know that this is something that is generally viewed as old and bad. But, I actually like games like this. I want levels with a beginning and end and a story (yes even cutscenes, gasp) with minimal 'open-world' aspects. I find, with very few exceptions, that open world games are generally complete crap in the story department. Notable exceptions are GTA and Witcher games.  So, please suggest games like:  - The Last of Us  - Tomb Raider (reboots)  - Half-Life  - Wolfenstein: TNO  - Dead Space  - Bioshock  Also, I have a new beast of a computer so I'd preferably like games for PC which can take advantage of the power BUT all older suggestions are valid as well and please mention if the older games have cool graphic update mods (like System Shock does) that I should look into. I also have windows 10 so I can get the xbox games which have been made available to PC.
[supreme commander]	When I play strategy games I kind of like to focus on building up my base, training my guys, and just getting everything where I want it, and THEN break out and go on the offensive. Most strategy games kind of push you to rush into desperate fights for contested resources and skirmishes though, I prefer letting each side have time to build up and then have massive decisive battles.  A few examples of what I like:  Dungeon Keeper - Ability to wall off an area of resources, and plan out your dungeon and train your units up  Stronghold Crusader - Many maps let you build defensive arrow towers and walls in chokeholds to protect yourself from early rushes  Disciples - Most AI players were slow going and you often didn't run into them until about mid-game when you really ventured deeper into the map.   I've no real preference for turn based or real time, I like both, but I like some emphasis on base building, unit training (or crafting better gear), so any suggestions for this would be nice!
[factorio]	I love management, What are some games in which you can continually optimize things forever?  For example I played rimworld with the basebuilder, the easiest difficulty and loved it because I could continually change locations of things, qualities, of things, amounts of things, and savescummed a lot to travel in time all the times that I wanted if things needed to be done in a different way and loved it,   But I now feel that I'm tired of the game in the sense that I need something better or different or more advanced  
[valkyrie profile: covenant of the plume, xcom: enemy unknown, luminous arc, stella glow, smt]	So I love Tactical RPGs, at least in theory, but having first exposed myself to the genre through Final Fantasy Tactics, I have yet to find another game in the genre that pulls me in the same way. Here's a list of tactical RPGs I have played  *Final Fantasy Tactics *Final Fantasy Tactics Advance *Disgaea (Just can't get into it, I think it's the art style I don't care for) *Suikoden Tactics (snooze) *Agarest Generations of War (I really wanted to like this one but the flat battle maps kill my interest every time)  I know games like Baldur's Gate or King's Bounty can be considered Tactical RPGs but looking more for something similar to FFT with a turn-based grid system, preferably with actual height maps to it (no flat boring backgrounds please)  I am open to suggestions for PC, PSP (I know there's a lot on this console just don't know which are good), PS3, PS2, PSX, DS, 3DS, and Gamecube
[factorio]	I have time to play games a bit before work several days a week and I'm looking for something that is easy to pick up and put down. Something that I can play for 20 minutes or 6 hours straight and continuously make progress.  A few examples that fit what I'm looking for:  **Rollercoaster Tycoon:** Great games, the scenarios have "win conditions" but you can generally keep playing after and just build and rebuild your park as much as you want. I could put dozens of hours into a single park.  **Sim City &amp; Cities Skylines:** Same as RCT, I can put dozens of hours into a single city and just keep building or rebuilding stuff.  **Harvest Moon &amp; Stardew Valley:** I can just keep playing indefinitely on a lot of them and just keep farming and making money.  I basically want a game that I can keep playing on a given map/scenario even after "winning." I'm not looking for something that ends after winning like **Civilization**, **Heroes**, or most strategy games. I'm open to strategy but it should be a game I can keep feeling motivated to play on a given map/scenario
[la pucelle tactics, suikoden]	Hello all! I'm looking for some fun turn-based JRPGs. The ones I really like:  **Bravely Default/Second:** I enjoyed these games due to all the jobs and creating strategies out of them. I didn't like these games because outside of the main quest and asterisk quests, there weren't really any others.  **Radiant Historia:** I love this game because of the story, the sidequests, and the combat. I didn't like this game's static character portraits.  **Final Fantasy VII:** Yeah, this is an active battle game, but I feel it'll help all the same. I like the game's story, setting, and characters. I did not like the game's battle system, every character felt the same.  **Games I have been keeping an eye on:** TMS #FE, I've heard the battle system is great, and it the director of Radiant Historia helped make it. I'm waiting for Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky and Ys games to go on sale, I heard they were good. Legend of Legacy gets a lot of shit for its progression system and flat characters but I had fun in the demo.  **Games I don't like:** SMT IV (got stuck on the Minotaur boss, don't like the randomness of recruiting demons, don't like it how the main character is so much more important to keep alive), Fire Emblem (Don't like permadeath).   **So, good traits are:**  Fun/Unique Combat system  Good story  lots of side quests  **Bad things are**  Permadeath  Memes  **Systems I own:** 3DS, DS, Wii U, Wii, PC (I have a 360 and PS2 lying around somewhere)  **Thanks!**
[warframe]	So I was looking for a new online shooter on PS4, saw the Titanfall 2 Tech Test and I played, had a lot of fun playing it (never played the first one :/). Soon enough the Battlefield 1 Open Beta came out and I played that quite a bit. While I disliked the bigger maps, the 30v30 with chaotic areas made it fun to play. And we also have the latest Call of Duty. Never got to play it and it doesn't look that impressive, but I'm willing to give it a go if it is a lot of fun. Previous shooters I've played on PS4 include Black Ops 3, Advanced Warfare, Star Wars: Battefront, and single-player shooters. So do I get Titanfall 2, Battlefield 1, or Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare? Only have the money for one, but if there are any other relatively new shooters that have a good playerbase and would last me till the summer assuming I played an hour a day, leave them in the comments! :)
[shantae]	There aren't many games I can play when in a depressed state but some games seem to still be enjoyable. For me, it's hard games that have simple mechanics such as bullet hell games. Dark souls is also one that is enjoyable, though I can't really explain why.  If we can get a good list going then maybe we could look at design trends and see how one would design games so that they can be played while depressed.  Here's sort of what I've figured from the list:   - Difficult action games (Dark Souls, Hyperlight Drifter)   - Sandbox survival games (Minecraft, Starbound, Stardew Valley, Rimworld)   - Games with a joy-inducing aesthetic (Ori and the Blind Forest, Little Big Planet) 
[dungeon crawl, warframe]	As the title says.  Is there just nothing out there like this?  We have played Vermintide but it was pretty fail TBH.  I'm looking for a dungeon crawl with classes and leveling and loot.  Preferably with difficult boss fights that need actual tactics and communication similar to boss fights in Warcraft.  (void zones, add prioritization, levers to pull, massive damage spells, healer mana management, dps blitzes, etc etc.)    Please don't just say 'go play warcraft if that is what you are looking for'.  I just find it really strange I can not find a single game which has even close to this.  All I want to do is log in, join a party of friends and possibly a bot or two, fight bosses where the learning curve maybe takes a week to master, grab the loot and try a different boss next week.  Is that so wrong to want?  Anyone have anything even close to this that I am somehow missing?  Thanks!
[path of exile, torchlight 2, grim dawn, ffxiv]	I'm basically looking for something that I can play with my friend that involves some sort of adventure that really has that sense of awe. This might be vague and a lot to ask for, but I'm wondering if this brings anything to mind. A general example of a game that gave me this kind of feeling was Minecraft, where diving in with a friend for the first time really felt like going into a whole new world, and discovering new things was always exciting. I'm not necessarily looking for anything directly Minecraft-like, but just any good multiplayer PC adventure.  Hope someone might have a good idea or two for us!
[pick up]	I really like playing a round of counter-strike, and alt-tabing and surfing/reading after I die before respawn, the adrenaline from playing feeds into the reading experience and keeps me alert. It's not productive or anything, just fun. The problem is that the rounds don't last long enough. Often the round ends 10-20 seconds after I die, and on the long end it's like 60 seconds. I'd like to have more time to read between rounds.  The game doesn't have to be CS or CS-like, but it shouldn't require a lot of thinking (chess), I shouldn't have to do anything or have the potential to be killed during the waiting time, and I want the start time to be roughly enforced (yes I know I could play a single player turn based game and take breaks whenever I want). It doesn't necessarily have to be multiplayer, but I'm guessing it would be.  Thanks for reading!
[pillars of eternity, wasteland 2, shadowrun, know how]	Requirements:  * **Offline single-player**, no MMOs or anything of that kind.  * **Customizable female player character**, meaning I can customize both looks and skill/attributes. The more I can specialize my character, the better.  * **Third person**, or maybe top-down perspective (doesn't have to be 3D).  * **Open world** which doesn't just mean a *large* world, but rather a world where you can do (almost) anything and go (almost) anywhere even when not following any quest lines. By extensions, this also means that most resources should not be finite.  * **No claustrophobic/horror games** cuz they scary.  I don't care if it's a shooter, or turn-based, or whatever. I also don't care how old the game is, as long as it runs on Win7.  Games I've played that more or less fit these requirements:  * Fallout 1/2/3/NV/4 * The Elder Scrolls 3/4/5 * Saints Row 3/4  Any suggestions?
[silent hill: shattered memories, silent hill 2, silent hill 2, silent hill 2, this game, sh1, sh2]	Hey! I have a hard time finding good story games without so much action, I have played  * Firewatch  * Gone Home (I think it was quite boring)  * Silent Hill 2  * Life is Strange  * A Stroy About My Uncle  * The Vanishing of Ethan Carter  * The Walking Dead: Season one, two and Michonne   * The Wolf Among Us Tales from the Borderlands   * Batman - The Telltale Series   * Minecraft: Story Mode(I love telltale)   and probably some more but can't remeber them now.  When im trying to look for new Story games I can just find CoD, Bioshock, Skyrim, Dark Souls, GTA etc.  But im looking for more story then action in a game. Do you guys know any games? I prefer to choose my own answers but its not necessary.  I hope I can find other people who is story crazy like me! **only pc games** :D
[overwatch]	Hello. I'm looking for a game that I can dive into and it would greatly help if it has a good community. I find myself on LoL most of the time gaming in ARAM modes that take up less time that a regular game. The latest games I've enjoyed playing have been ARK and Guild Wars 2, both are immersive and have a great community (in my own experience) and I don't have to super grind and invest lots of time to actually enjoy them.  Tried going the solo route with games like Star Dew Valley but I think I'm looking for a game that can offer community and people I can meet in game to talk to when gaming.  I mostly play a couple of hours at night, don't know if that info helps but yeah.  So any suggestions are welcome. Thanks. 
[battlefield 1, titanfall 2]	I'm thinking of getting a multiplayer shooter for my PS4 and was having trouble deciding which of the above to go with. I've played a ton of Battlefield games and I've enjoyed them but I can't help but be afraid that BF1 could be more of the same. Titanfall 2 is the game I'm leaning towards for its unique gameplay mechanics for an FPS but I don't want to spend the money just to have the player base disappear like the first game, plus the lack of season pass is enticing. Anyway, I could just use some input to help decide. 
[fantasy life]	I'm looking for something for the 3DS/DS or PC that has a ton of side stuff to do or a few activities that can be total time sinks.  A few examples that fit perfectly:  **Final Fantasy X:** Blitzball, Monster Arena, and getting the legendary weapons.  **Zelda games:** Golden skultullas in OoT, figurines in WW, etc.  I'm already aware of the **Final Fantasy** and **Zelda** games so I'm looking for *other* games that might fit what I want. I'm also aware of **The Elder Scrolls**, **Kingdoms of Amalur**, and **Dragon's Dogma**, but I don't think they fit what I want as well. Everything in those games (Elder Scrolls, Amalur, DD) feels like less of a side activity and more of an extension of the gameplay. Not sure if that makes sense to anyone else, but think FFX, I think that's the best example I can give of what I want.
[no man's sky]	I'm looking for something slow-paced and atmospheric to replace Fuel, since it's looking a bit dated and the servers being down creates problems. Minecraft peaceful is really close, but again the graphics leave a lot to be desired. Proteus is damn near perfect, but doesn't have enough landscape variation within one season.  I'd like something with a bit more freedom than trucker games, I don't wan to be stuck on highways or worry about fuel/money/laws.  Doesn't have to be driving, as long as you're going through interesting environments. Space and seafaring are usually a bit too empty, but I'm not 100% against them in principle.
[battlefield 1, trackmania]	FPS games stress me out a lot. I think it has to do with how easily I become immersed in video games in general, so when i lose, I cant help but feel like a part of me has died irl.  This anxiety is not existant in shooters without first person (mass effect, smite) and in first person nonshooters (disappearence of ethan carter, skyrim with melee).  But then, when I pick up games like rust, tf2, and overwatch, I'll have a headache 20 min in and feel like crying on the inside. In rust, I've simply given up using guns because its one less valuable thing to loss after being mauled by a bear. I might die less in rust, but the screams of my character dying always leave me shaken, and I'm too shocked by bears to fight back. The only fps I've ever enjoyed has been csgo on deathmatch mode; A game where no one cares about score, just uses as a warmup, with peaceful character death animations and low respawn times near the action, has really helped me with the stress and anxiety that typically overwhelms me.  Now, a lot of my friends play overwatch and I simply cant enjoy the game with them. Every time I die and see how I died, I feel emotionally pricked with a needle. The satisfaction of getting kills doesn't balance out with how horrible I feel when I die, which leads to a lot of tilt. After a couple of hours I'm so triggered I just want to curl up in a ball alone. I want to have fun with my friends, but its been impossible with this game. If I could have a few suggestions for steppingstones to get over ny anxiety, i'd greatly appreciate it.  Im gold in league of legends, and plat in smite. I know what genuine fun and satisfaction feels like in a pvp game. I just wish I could enjoy other genres of it :(
[rocket league]	Can you suggest me a game, which is:     &gt; Casual. I doubt if I would play more than a few hours per week.     &gt; Multiplayer. I'm open for both violent and nonviolent games.     &gt; Short rounds, like a few minutes, 10-20 at most.     &gt; Runs on a macbook (OSX) without a dedicated GPU. So no recent AAA titles please.  One game that would perfectly fit to this description is Heartstone. Unfortunately I starting to get bored with. An other game I like is Crimsonland (indie shooter with metal music and a lot of blood) but there is no real multiplayer option here.  I'm okay with older games too, if there are still a good multiplayer community in it.  EDIT: Sorry for the formatting, I rarely make a post. Next time I'll make sure it looks like as I intended.
[stardew valley, starbound]	So, I have a really specific  love sandox games, and I really love base building, and home creating/upgrading games.  I love having a place in a game to "hang my hat" after adventuring.  It doesn't necessarily have to be stress free- but I'd prefer it not to be a horror game or fps. (Though I do love both of those genres.)  Some ideas of games with these elements:  Saints Row 2 with its house purchases and upgrades, skyrim with its home building, terraria, minecraft, portal knights.  I really love the satisfaction of constant improvement- I REALLY wish gta5 let you buy the multiplayer houses in single player.  I'm looking for a game that is perhaps less common.  Something I may be overlooking.  Any advice?  Bonus points if it's on the steam sale!
[donkey kong country tropical freeze, bayonetta 2, wii u]	Hi, I just found this sub, hopefully I'm posting everything correctly.  I've almost beaten Super Mario 3D World, so I'm looking to get a new game on the Wii U. However, I don't want to spend more than $20, and I'd rather spend somewhere along the lines of $10. I'm fine with used and new games, but don't want digital ones.  Anyways, I'd appreciate any suggestions for Wii U or Wii games in that price range. Two I've been looking at in particular are Mass Effect 3 &amp; Pikmin 3. I've never played Mass Effect games before, so I'm a bit iffy on it, but it was pretty cheap so seemed worth a try. Pikmin 3 looks fun, but I'm scared that it might get stale; I've played Pikmin &amp; Pikmin 2 though, so if it's similar to them then it's probably pretty good.
[minecraft, pikmin]	To begin I posted this over on the WiiU page but the AutoMod (total jerk) binned it and gave me the link to their games wiki. Nothing there but   lists... so without further a do...  I'm looking for a game for a 7 year old. The mum wants a 'strategy' game but by that she means something that you have to think your way through rather than stab/kill.  The description was 'something that you might build houses for people, harvest wood it stuff like that'  Now first off he has Minecraft so that's ruled out. After that well I ain't sure. Was that farm type game (not stardew) were the kid has no nose (or at least a black shape) has to farm and a rebuild a town out on WiiU?     Just found out it's called Animal Crossing and it doesn't exist in it's true form on WiiU  Anyways ideas on the back off a part card please 
[eye of the north, guild wars]	PC by the way.   I've got origin, I've got Steam, ^and ^uplay    Sell me on the game you've currently been enjoying. I've got some money to spend and looking for something great to play. I'm really interested in hearing what everyones got to say about theirs. Recently bought Titan Fall 2 and I was going to buy Battlefield 1 but decided to hold off for a few days.    Don't have to take my habits into consideration but I do play a lot of games, but don't be afraid to talk about something I already own   
[to the moon, rpg maker]	Hello,  I'm searching for games about life. Be it emotion, relationship, (mental) illness, really anything which someone could maybe relate to in their life. I really like to cry. The setting should be more like "real life" or "everyday life", but not necessarily in terms of graphics ( I really enjoy pixel art).  Games I've played so far, which I would consider fit into my search:  - [Life is Strange](http:// - [The Lion's Song](http:// - [The Last Time](http:// - [Depression Quest](http:// - [Oxenfree](http:// - [To the Moon](http://  Games I didn't play yet, but which *may* fit:  - [That Dragon, Cancer](http:// - [Gone Home](http:// - ...  As I'm pretty sleepy right now I don't remember much more... I hope you can help me find more games like these. Maybe my search is somewhat dumb, please let me know.
[unreal tournament, team fortress 2, headshot, tf2]	Shooters are probably my favourite genre overall, but I'm getting pretty tired of all the shooters where you die very quickly. I got the itch to play a WWII shooter recently and I've been playing Red Orchestra 2 and Day of Infamy, but in both of those games you can die in one shot from across the map.  Does anyone have any suggestions of shooters that don't suffer from this problem?  The only ones I can think of that are still active are Halo, Gears of War, and Quake. I like all of those games but I'm wondering if there are any others.  Suggestions for any platform are welcome but I have PC and Xbox One.
[team fortress 2]	So I'm trying to decide which FPS game to go for this November. I don't have unlimited funds or time, so I'm looking to choose just one out of Battlefield 1, CoD Infinite Warfare and Titanfall 2. I play on a PS4.  Any advice would be really appreciated, especially if you've played any of these games and can vouch for them. I know CoD IW isn't released yet, but in honesty I'm veering away from it as Titanfall 2 looks to be the stronger futuristic shooter currently. The only reason I'd go for CoD is for Modern Warfare Remastered, but is it really worth the price?  I have CoD Black Ops 3 and enjoyed it to an extent, but I felt the multiplayer took on a bit of a silly tone. I also have Star Wars Battlefront and have really enjoyed that, despite its flaws. I know it's not a great game, but I loved the graphics and Star Wars nostalgia. I am interested in history, especially the World Wars, so I'm drawn towards BF1 in terms of both graphics and setting.  Any advice/recommendations would be greatly appreciated, and I hope this post helps some other people who are having to make the same decision. Thanks!
[gears of war 4]	I'm looking for something to play with a friend on my pc, we've got two controllers or can use one controller and one keyboard and mouse.  I want something that we can play Co operatively in split screen, preferably with some open ended gameplay. It doesn't have to be a straight up shooter, but something in first person that isn't a puzzle game (eg, not portal 2) would be great  Should have mentioned, I'm playing with someone who is not used to first person games, so this is a kind of introduction. So something where there's not lots of stress all the time is good, I want time to introduce them to the controls  Edit: thanks for the suggestions so far! I think I wan to emphasise the last bit, where I want a game where my Co op partner and I can take our time for at least some of the game so there's no pressure to be pulling off headshots every 10 seconds. Something like 2 player skyrim would be great for that kind of thing I think, but I don't know of anything like that?
[battlefield 1, titanfall 2, overwatch, pick up]	Hi there !  So as the title say, I'm thinking of getting one of these game :  - Battlefield 1 - Overwatch - Titanfall 2 - COD : Infinite Warfare  Problem is, I can't decide !  - Battlefield 1 :  I own Battlefield 3 and 4 but I'm getting a bit tired of the Battlefield formula, and I don't really like the WW1 theme so I'm not sure I'll be hook up to this one  - Overwatch : I have countless hours on Team Fortress 2 and I really like Team-based game in general, but I don't plan to play with friends so I'm not sure if this game is for me as it seems you really have to cooperate with your teammates to have fun (in Team Fortress 2, this is less true, but still a good thing to do). Also, I've read many comments that this game get boring pretty fast... I know Team fortress 2 can be that way too, but it's always a good game to go back every once in a while.  - TitanFall 2 : Never played the franchise, I recently got the demo of the 1 on Origin and really like it so far on the few hours I got to play with. This would be my top choice for now, but I'm still undecided if it's worth buying the sequel, I'm afraid the multiplayer will not hold or get boring really fast, I'm not sure what the progression system look like and if it's something that really encourage to play for a long time.  - Infinite Warfare : I've stayed away from the COD franchise for a while so I'd really don't know what I would be getting myself into. According to the general consensus, (pretty much) everyone hates this game already. Is that game that bad ?  Thanks ! ;)  Edit : Thanks guys ! I went for Overwatch, and also got TF1 for 5$ to get a good deeper taste of the game ! Downloading now... can't wait !
[child of light, year walk, tengami, kami]	Basically the title.  **minor Arkham Knight sidequest spoiler**  I've been playing a lot of Arkham Knight lately, and I fucking loved the Mad Hatter sidequest where you fight the guys in the pop-up book.  Mainly, I loved the art-style.  The way they blended cell-shading, 3-d and 2-d elements, cursive writing, and all of the pop-up book shit I thought was simply fantastic.  **end minor spoilers**  Suggestions that fit this criteria:  - paper/parchment art-style - PC platform  - any genre - Ideally with a decent narrative - I would slightly prefer a 3-d game over a sidescroller but I am not too picky  Thanks in advance if any contribute
[pillars of eternity, baldur's gate, kotor 2]	Hello, I'm looking for games with great lore + writing. It doesn't matter if it's an old game. I'll play The Witcher 3, but besides that one I intend to find some gems. It's better if it's not too much focused on combat. Also I'm not sure if Pillars of Eternity, Shadowrun Dragonfall, Dragon Age Awakening, Divinity Original Sin have good writing.  Games that I love:  Chrono Trigger, Chrono Cross, Final Fantasy X, Planescape: Torment, Fallout, Fallout 2, Mass Effect, Mass Effect 2, Dragon Age: Origins, Alpha Protocol, KOTOR 1.  Already played but didn't like that much **  Most Final Fantasys, Dragon Quests, most JRPGs, Mario RPGs. The Witcher 1-2. Arcanum.  Didn't like at all **  Shadowrun Returns, Wasteland 2, Dragon Age 2, Dragon Age Inquisition, Mass Effect 3, Fallout 3, Fallout: New Vegas, Fallout 4, Deus Ex Human Revolution, KOTOR 2, Jade Empire, Elder scrolls games (I like them but not for their writing), System shock games, Bioshock games.
[league of legends, dota 2]	Hey guys.  So i want to ask you if i should stop gaming.  Why i am asking this?  Because i am feeling that i am too addicted to it,not studying enough because of it,not working out enough and it feels i am just wasting time by playing thsoe games.  Also not only games,but computer and internet distractm e from studies.  Grades are the most important thing in my life i dont want to ruin them,i just want ot have the best grades i can and stuff and if i can balance it with working out and studying it would be good but i dont feel able.  And also i want to do something useful,make money on computer,buy myself a new keyboard,mouse,etc but i have no ideia on what to do so what would you recommend doing?  Would you recommend stopping gaming?  But by other side as i am a bit anti social,if i stop gaming,i wont be able to make so much friends but i dont want to have worse grades and keep raging/getting upset because of games.  I mean my grades are already getting worse from too much gaming by me,i cant focus on studying or motivate myself to study .  I've made a lot of friends because of gaming,lost a lot of them because of it aswell.  Shit life lol  I feel a bit empty aswell spending all my time gaming...    Anyways should i stop gaming? Should I stop playing csgo? How?  I've made so many friends palying csgo,raged a lot,had fun,but i cannot keep living feeling empty with no goals and having my grades getting worse and stuff...  If i shouldnt stop gaming and i should keep gamign,should i play dota 2,league of legends or csgo?
[cold war]	I just got through watching a cold war documentary and am interested in trying a game based around it. I'd like something that can accurately replicate the paranoia brought about by the "mutually-assured destruction" of the era. A grand strategy game, perhaps, with a focus on diplomacy and espionage. I've played DEFCON, but found it a bit lacking, as the mechanics of the game ensure that bombs will eventually be dropped. Are there any games out there that fit this criteria? (I'm on PC, by the way, so I'd prefer games for that platform) Thanks!
[s.t.a.l.k.e.r., fallout 3]	I'm new to Reddit (first post actually) so I'm not sure if there's a proper format to this sort of thing or anything, but I might as well just dive right in.  I play mostly PC games (thanks Steam), but I do have a PS3/Wii-U/3DS for the occasional console gaming needs.   I recently played the Mass Effect Trilogy for the first time and while I intend to play it again -- I was hoping to find games similar to it.  Some of the games I've played which I think fit the bill include:  Psychonauts, Beyond Good &amp; Evil, Red Dead Redemption, Just Cause 2, Batman Arkham series, Skyrim, most any Legend of Zelda game, and Okami.   I have Dragon Age Origins and fully intend on beating it one of these days-- but I was hoping for some other suggestions.  I'm not big on horror games but I've been told I should check out the Fallout series (and I'm working my way up to concurring my fear of the Feral ghoul's -- thanks in no small part to the Husks in the ME series and the Draugers in Skyrim) and Bioshock.   Dishonored looks interesting but I'm not sure what that's all about.   Indie games are welcome - as are old games -- really any and all recommendations would be greatly appreciated! 
[tabletop simulator]	I'm looking for recommendations on great games that could be used as a sort of "virtual poker night", but that don't require so much involvement that we get too sucked into the game and aren't able to have a good in-depth conversation (which is really the point of getting together -- the game is just the "carrier wave").  Sure, we could just play poker online, but we'd like something a bit more interesting...      **Requirements**   * Online (we're located all over the US)   * Multiplayer   * Variable number of players allowed (, don't cap at just 4, don't be unplayable without a specific player count)   * Cross-platform (at least Windows &amp; Mac)   * Casual / somewhat mindless      Any ideas?  We'd previously played Civ but found we were getting into the game &amp; strategy too much, and then kept losing the conversation.
[nba, nba]	My preferred genres of video games are usually RPGs or games where I can tell "my own" story. Games where I can make my own decisions and see their impact as the rest of the story plays out.  But recently I've been playing WWE 2K16/17, particularly their Career Modes. There aren't really "stories" in those games so much as short storylines and feuds, but it still lets me tell things my own way. I really quite enjoy that; rather than having a set arc, you can decide which paths to follow, how to react to your opponents, and you can even decide when your career/story ends. Sometimes I prefer that to regular RPGs that will allow you to dick around sometimes, but ultimately have a "main storyline".  So I'm curious what other games there are out there that allow you to start at the bottom of the card/ladder/locker room and build your way up? What games would let me tell my character's story from the bottom to the top, but do it my own way (as much as the game allows)? Doesn't necessarily have to be sports-based. I know that the 2K NBA games have a career mode, but I don't know how linear they are. Even if it's linear, I'm cool with that if it's well-executed.  Now that I think about it, "career mode" may not be the best term for the kind of thing I'm describing, but it seems simpler than "open-ended RPG without a main questline".
[titanfall 2]	Hi all,  One of my favorite "itches" to scratch when gaming is playing an FPS that has visual and tangible rewards to ranking up in online play.  In particular, I love the Call of Duty/Battlefield ranking system that shows you advancing up the military ranks when you level up (denoted by the rank patches changing) as well as being able to unlock new weapons and weapon modifications/loadouts.  I've been out of the FPS scene for several years now and have just gotten back into it with Battlefield 1, but BF1 has left something to be desired in the rankup system.  I don't feel like I'm making much meaningful progress given that it takes ten level-ups just to get from Private to Corporal, and the weapons are already mostly unlocked from the start.  Does anyone have a recommendation for this?  My platforms are limited to PS4 and PC.
[spacechem, tis-100, i/o]	What are some good games that require programming or engineering skills as part of the core gameplay?   SpaceChem is one example. You're given inputs and a desired output, and you need to develop an algorithm to go from one to the other.   The board game Robo Rally is another good one. It's a race across an obstacle course, where instead of controlling your avatar directly, you have to define a sequence of instructions and then just watch them execute.   I tried Factorio, and I really wanted to like it, but the UI is terrible and I could only tolerate so many hours.  I'm not looking for toyboxes like Minecraft or Terraria. I know that those allow building with triggers and logic gates and whatnot, but they don't require it, and there's no goal given. 
[hyper light drifter]	- 4GB RAM  - Intel Core i3-3110m   - Windows 10   - Intel(R) HD Graphics 4000   I greatly enjoyed the first two Dark Soul games, Skyrim, Binding of Isaac, Rogue Legacy and very recently Titan Souls and I'm looking for basically anything that could be similar to those games, specially if they have some kind of loot system or RNG mechanics.  Please do not recommend  - FPS Shooters   - The popular roguelikes (Spelunky, Risk of Rain, Enter the Gungeon, FTL, etc.)  - Anything that needs a mouse to be played
[lotro]	Hey guys,  Been some time since I posted up here. So, I am looking for a decent MMO/MMORPG game that I can invest my time into. More specifically, I am looking for three things, story, graphics and gameplay. I am really big on stories, since they are the primary reason I play video games. This would mean that I am looking for an MMO that has an at least decent storyline in all main and side quests, not your usual fetch-the-mead quests we see on some MMOs. Graphics are not the most important thing, but they are important. Any title that features current gen graphics will do, as opposed to titles like DCUO which still use older models. It can feature either an artsy or a reaistic design. As for gameplay, I mean no point and click stuff or hotkey based combat. I want the MMO to function like any normal single player game does. Any ideas? Thanks.
[star wars: knights of the old republic]	Hello, everyone! First off, I'd like to apologize if it seems like I'm spamming the Reddit at all, I assure you that isn't my intention.     As the title states, I'm looking for a Turn-Based RPG, and I'll try to be as broad as possible in what I'm looking for. I'm mostly looking for two main traits;     **Character Customization** and **Skill/Class Variation.** Being able to create my own character, or even better, my own squad, is a huge thing I'm looking for, and one reason I don't often go for JRPGs (namely Final Fantasy.) Being able to select various skills and classes for both my character, and whomever else is with them, would be nice. The more class and skill options, the better!   I'll pre-emptively name some of the games I've played that are similar, though don't quite scratch the same itch.   **Divinity: Original Sin**  **XCOM EU/EW/2**  **Dragon Quest IX**  **Darkest Dungeon**  **Shadowrun: Returns** *  (I'm surprised the list is that short, though I can't quite come up with any others. Thank you in advance for any help that can be provided in my search!)
[wolfenstein, talos]	For the last few years since my 360 killed itself, I've been gaming mostly on my toaster of a laptop. This means I've missed out on a lot of AAA games, or games of similar sys reqs etc. I'm building a PC at the end of this month, and was wondering what games I should pick up that will let me use my PCs power, and catch up on the best of what I've missed. There are only so many hours I can play rocket league for! (It's the most complex game that runs well on my laptop)  Games not to recommend:  * Souls series. Played 1 before my 360 died, borrowed friends consoles for 2 and 3. Will be buying them again on PC during sales.  * Dishonoured 1/2. Similar story as dark souls for the first one, one of the main reasons I'm building PC is for 2 so don't need suggesting it.  * The witcher 3. It's a shame, as the game would be perfect for testing my rig on, but I really can't stand the gameplay loop in the witcher.  * Rainbow Six Seige. Played it a few times at friends houses, planning on buying it.  Edit: Should probably add, my rig is going to have a 1070 so feel free to recommend stuff that will truly melt my eyes with pretty graphics.  Those games aside, I'm open to pretty much any suggestions!
[rocket league]	I'm looking for an online game recommendation for my Fiance. It could be an MMO or another online game.  Games she's tried that I think are worth mentioning:  Played WoW for years    Tried FFXIV, but it wasn't fun. The classes and raids and stuff seemed cool, but it was just unenjoyable to even get leveled to that point.  Warframe (1000+ hours)   Really loves Battleborn, but not Super Monday Night Combat.   Splatoon   Enjoyed TF2 for a little while, but dislikes Overwatch because of the lack of overall progression and because you just play for the sake of playing. While suggesting games that are more in this vein would be okay because she's really bored, these aren't really what she's looking for.   She tried Atlas Reactor, and liked the characters, skin customization, and the attempt at the turn based combat, but she felt like it was clunky to control, and a bit too buggy to be fun.
[try to survive, the big one, minecraft, minecraft]	Hello all! I used to play Minecraft a ton, but eventually I got bored by the lack of progression past a certain point. Sure, it's fun to build things and mess around with redstone and farm and so on, but I wanted more.  Terraria for example has TONS of somewhat clear goals to achieve by exploring different areas, defeating different bosses, crafting certain things etc and I wish that Minecraft had more depth like that.  I've been playing 7 Days to Die recently and I kind of got the bug again to play a 3D building and exploring game, but I want something of a halfway point between Minecraft and 7DTD, where there is a lot of creative room and progression with many things to do, but I don't want to constantly be running from whatever threats the world may present. I like to have an area for creation that is mostly safe, and to find new items and progress further I have to leave that area. Is there anything like this?   If anyone has any ideas that sound even close to what I'm looking for I would love to hear it. I'm mostly looking for PC games but anything I can emulate as well as 360 would work too. Thanks a ton!
[team fortress 2, overwatch]	Currently, all I play is WoW on PvE. I like the controls being based on WASD. I tried Diablo 3 and I can't stand the whole "click a spot to move to it" style of gaming. I also tried Overwatch and felt ripped off because it's just Team Fortress 2. TF2 is just rather outdated looking. I refuse to play PvP on WoW because the other players tend to be jerks. So I guess I like RPG games with WASD controls.  I also like open maps with a crapton of quests/objectives. I'm willing to pay for more quests.  In addition, I like the Rayman games (sidescrollers, is that what they're called?) and I desperately miss the Crash Bandicoot games on PS2.  I can only play on PC (because I can't justify the cost of buying a console) but I have Steam so any game that's there will work.  Can you please help me find a new game?  I dunno if it helps or not but I use a [HP Probook 4540s](https:// to play on. Specs are listed above except my husband doubled the ram (from 4bg to 8bg). IDK if that helps or not.  Thanks in advance :)
[assassin's creed , ac2]	Hello! I just beat Mafia 2, which was short but great and a very tight narrative. One of the things I love about it is because it was only a loose open world it had no problem skipping whole months or even years to get past relatively boring parts of Vito's life and back into the action.  My question is are there any other games that replicate that? It doesn't have to be the same gameplay as Mafia 2 but just the story idea of going through a huge chunk of someone's life. PS4 or Xbox 360 preferred, can also play PS2 and Xbox One.
[dragon's dogma: dark arisen, dark souls]	I like Adventure games, I like Japanese video games, I want something more than a Visual Novel. What all is out there?  Have any Japanese developers discovered the point and click genre? Zelda is technically an action adventure game. But are there any games from Japan that are more on the side of Adventure rather than just action adventure like Zelda?  I really like the story, exploration and collection aspects of Adventure games. But I haven't really tried much in the way of Japanese types of Adventure games, outside of Visual Novels or Action Adventure games like Zelda or Okami.  Are there any alternatives that don't fall squarely in the Visual Novel genre? I am hoping for something preferably like a Point and Click.
[age of empires 3, age of mythology, aoe, aoe]	I expect a lot of us have an MMO or two that we just can't shake (WoW, Runescape, CS, Minecraft, etc) but I'm just as curious about that obscure or forgotten title that you continue to return to.  Maybe it's a game that's been in development for years (ala Dwarf Fortress). Maybe it's a game with a tight-knit community. Maybe it's a story or a setting or a main character that resonates with you so much you just want to revisit it all again.  Lay em on me and tell me why! The longer you've been playing, the better.
[pillars of eternity]	After playing Dark Souls games, Witcher games, Skyrim, KOTOR, Talos Principle I realised I really like games that has lore and good dialogues so some people advised me to play older games like Baldurs Gate or Icewind Dale but those games are too complicated and cumbersome for me.   Game could be anything 2D, platformer, fps, rpg.. I don't really care but I hate grindy games like some FF titles (weird thing is my favorite is XII) and complicated games where I have to manage and search every little thing having to worry about thousands of stats.  I don't own any next or last gen consoles sadly :c only pc and some older consoles.
[battlefield 1, 10 games]	I know that I am definitely not the first person to ask this with the recent launches of both games, but I am having a LOT of trouble deciding which of these two games I should get.  So, I've been saving up all my 12 year old allowance money for MONTHS, and now I finally have the choice between two FPS games; Titanfall 2 or BF1. I only have enough money for one of them, and they are both $50 on  right now. I love fast paced games, especially first person shooters, and a fast shooter like Titanfall 2 would make for nice gameplay on my YouTube channel, but at the same time, I absolutely LOVE Battlefield games, and I'm still having tons of fun in Battlefield 2, 2142, and BF4, so I'm not entirely sure I need the new one. I'm also trying to save up for a graphics card, but I am selling my crummy PS4 and Wii soon, along with getting some money for christmas, so I have some money to "earn" coming up, along with my allowance from chores.  Have any of you guys played these games? Is it worth buying BF1 even though I currently have BF4, BF2, and BF2142? Or is the playerbase of Titanfall 2 too low for me to get enough enjoyment?  If you have ANY feedback whatsoever, thank you so much :)
[guild wars 2, you up]	Hi. I want to have a new game i play the most. I will always go back to a game of cs or lol here and there but i like to play one game more regularly. Games Ive played and liked:  H1z1, wow, dayz, tibia, Dark Souls 123, sc2, battlefield games, dota2, cs, GTA V, lol and so many more.  I want either a mmo style game, perhaps upgrading to legion or start Ark/Rust. Or a competetive upcoming game like Overwatch or heroes of the storm. My real dream is to play red dead redemption 2 but its not being released on the PC. And yes, it has to be a PC game.   
[battleblock theater, lbp]	I really liked the aspect of creating things in LittleBigPlanet and sharing them online as a community. I was wondering if there was a game like it on PC that would satisfy my itch for "Play, Create, Share."  Minecraft is probably my closest bet but I was hoping you all could recommend more that's out there. I found the game [Cranium Conundrum](http:// on Moddb but unfortunately I don't think it's in development anymore.  I'm also preferably looking for games that aren't rated mature.  So what games can you recommend? (Besides Minecraft, Terraria, or Cities: Skylines).
[icewind dale, nwn]	I'm learning Spanish and trying to incorporate it into some of my other hobbies. I am a huge fan of the Elder Scrolls games, but only Skyrim has Spanish options, and I think I've played Skyrim enough even with a shit ton of mods that it's lost its luster. Oblivion was probably my favorite game ever (maybe a bit of nostalgia since it was my first RPG!) but doesn't have Spanish.  So what are some good RPG or dialogue-heavy games out there? Most AAA games are going to have a Spanish translation, but then again most AAA games are just FPS shooters.
[battlefield 1, overwatch]	I used to be big into Halo 3 and the Modern Warfares and now I'm looking to get back into shooters. COD looks ridiculous now is and super expensive, I've been looking at Battlefront, Battlefield 1 and Titanfall 2 but I'd rather avoid Origin. Any suggestions?  Update: ended up going with Titanfall 2. It constantly crashes even though I've verified the cache twice, and then won't start again until I restart my computer. Barely anybody online, and once I got into a match I couldn't stop moving slowly back and left, I tried two different keyboard just to make sure it wasn't me. This is all disappointing since its a great game underneath. Severely regret buying, going back to GO. 
[minecraft, minecraft]	So I'm helping out my work by picking a child in need for Christmas gifts. All I got was a name, gender, and wish list. I've decided to avoid FPS and Mature rated games simply due to lack of information. So to supplement that I'll include a $60 gift card to buy a game of their choosing.  &amp;nbsp;  So the games I've been thinking of getting him are possibly (budget $120 + $60 gift card): Rocket League, Ratchet &amp; Clank, Project Cars, Minecraft, Minecraft Story Mode, Trials Fusion, and Rayman Legends.  &amp;nbsp;  Anyone have their own kids or are around this age and like a specific game(s)?
[don't starve, minecraft, minecraft]	Hi. I am looking for a game for my 11 year old little brother.  Like most 11 year old (I suppose), he likes Minecraft **a lot**, but he would like something to play besides this.  He has played a lot of Rocket League too, and likes to play GTA on his PS3. This is more for the free roaming though, more than it is for the story line/missions. Recently I introduced him to RollerCoaster Tycoon 2 (a blast from when I was his age) and he liked this too. He is looking very much forward to the Planet Coaster which is on his wishlist for Christmas.  Can any of you suggest a great game for this guy, while he waits for Planet Coaster? He isn't native english speaker, so a game based too much on narrative or text is not good. Preferably it would be a relative cheap game(10-20 US Dollars).  Thank you! :)
[heroes of the storm, overwatch]	After having 2009 graphics card last 6 years I finally got a new very good 1080p gaming rig. Looking forward to play some things I have missed. But while you might think I would be spoiled for choice I kinda don't feel like playing anything special. I am still just enjoying how my other games work, like CS and dota 2.  Please suggest me something, preferably single player that is gonna hold me for at least 30 hours. And let's skip the obvious, everybody knows Witcher 3 is awesome and I will try it soon. Fallout 4? Ofc. But please give me something I will not think of myself easily.   I am also huge fan of strategy, played a lot of civ, total war, startcraft... I liked Stellaris very much even tho I never played Paradox grand strategy games.  One more note: I'm kinda not big on pure RPG even tho I enjoyed Skyrim I never reached final level or cleared the map. I am also not huge on pure action. I had fun with Max Payne and some old Call of Duty single players, but kinda abandoned the genre last 5 years. I liked Deus Ex though. It was a nice blend of stealth, action, story and character development.
[baldur's gate, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, baldur's gate, wasteland 2, wasteland 2]	I've never played classic isometric games like Baldurs Gate, but now I really would like to try something like this since it seems that this genre is popular again (ok, I was watching Tyranny reviews all day...). I've started Divinity Original Sin, but I'm playing it co-op with my BF and he doesn't have time right now to play more so I'm looking for something to play solo. If it helps I can say that I played Dragon Age Inquisition and all fights I played in tactical view. And I loved it. ;)  But i don't want this game to be to "hardcore", I'm a casual player. I want to play an hour (maybe two or three.... or five), don't get a heart atack and enjoy a game and a good story. I prefer rather new games (because of graphics) and cheap/on sale (like 10-15$).
[titanfall, titanfall]	I know, this sounds kinda pathetic, but I want to find a military shooter on PC that doesn't require as much skill as the Counter Strike games. I'd almost consider grabbing one of the Call of Duties, but the newer games are expensive and lack dedicated servers, and they also don't have much of a playerbase on PC. As well, the last time I played CoD, Black Ops II on my roommate's 360 to be precise, I wasn't very good at it, although that's probably owing somewhat to the inferiority of console controls. That said, I played Titanfall on PC for a brief period of time in early-mid 2015, and I was OK at it.  But anyway, I just want a casual multiplayer shooter with a military theme and semi-realistic weapons. TF2 is fun but it doesn't allow you to aim down the sights of an assault rifle or toss hand grenades.  Bonus points if it runs well on Linux, either natively or through WINE. 
[dbz]	What are the great DBZ turn based RPGs?  I'd like something where you can:  - Make a party out of a selection of characters (ie choose your faves) - power up your characters during battle (eg, going SSJ, transforming, etc).... Bonus points if the same character can transform multiple times during one battle - level your characters with XP - fight in turn based battles like in final fantasy, Pokemon or paper Mario  I'm also looking for something: - I can play on an emulator - that has a lot of characters, esp Saiyan - that is relatively long - that holds up graphically   Any ideas?
[amped]	I'm looking for a game that kinda plays itself. It require little actual interaction but interaction is optional. Kinda like the sims but with better AI. A game that lets me set up a scenario and watch it play out, or lets me give commands and i can watch them be executed over a period of time. Something that has high logic options maybe so that I could set the logic then the game follows it passively. Basically, a game that if i wanted to ignore it and watch tv on the other screen progress will still be made, if only at a slower speed, then through manual interaction I could speed things up or make more specific progress. Maybe like cities skylines but it kinda builds itself and i can intervene. Please and thanks guys.  Edit: On PC please.
[pokmon sun]	Basically I'm busy with work but I want to use part of next month's pay to get a game for the 3DS. Something that I can play on break or before sleep,hence for relatively short periods. But that will also last fairly long for me.  I'm an RPG fan,so I thought of,among others,Bravely Second,SMT Apocalypse,Fantasy Life,or either 7th Dragon or the Etrian Odyssey remake.  Rune Factory 4 occurred to me,but the het marriage bit put me off. Already own Animal Crossing,but that didn't hold my interest because I didn't have friends to play with.  Also own completed FE Fates Conquest and Pokemon X,and Smash 3D but no wifi to play online.
[same game]	Don't freak out - yes I have played Skyrim. I have never been too keen on the elder scrolls series with Skyrim being the exception.  is the 2016 version worth getting? do any of the same mods work for it? if not are modders mostly going to focus on the new one now?  steam reviews seem to be pretty lukewarm. also, graphics aren't hugely important to me and I think 2011's skyrim looks just fine. but i feel theres some glaringly obvious reason i should just get the new one, that i'm maybe not seeing.  get it or better the devil you know?
[overwatch]	Me and my buddies are looking for a new game to play.  We've been playing Heroes of the Storm, and enjoying it for the most part, but it's starting to wear really thin. We're looking for a new (or even old) game to play. The problem is we're all really busy people, so we usually only go at it for an hour or so before someone has to go to bed / take care of their kids / call their girlfriend / do homework / go to work or any one of a thousand things that busy people do.  This busyness rules out all sorts of longer-form games we'd want to play, like factorio, or terraria, or Starbound, or even Borderlands because the 1 to 2 hour time limit looms over the game session like a specter, and instead of enjoying that game, we'll all too busy watching the clock. Why start a new building project in Minecraft, when you'll have to go tend to your child as soon as you get rolling, right?  Also, we are, as a group, not terribly good at games, so competitive games are out of the question unless they have a reasonably challenging vs AI mode. This is why we were playing HotS, because the AI is pretty brutal at times on the highest level, and we lose as much as we win. Also, the fact we lose against the AI should be pretty indicative of our skill level.  So having spelled that out, he's the criteria we're looking for:  * Co-op, since we're not good at games, we can't play competitive games without getting trounced. * Quantized, discrete "rounds" of play between 20 - 60 minutes so we can pick it up, play a number of rounds, then go about our business * Some sort of persistence is a bonus, but not really required.  Things to not suggest:  * Other MOBAs. Not only are they competitive in nature, even if they have a reasonable vs AI mode, the whole game type is wearing thin. We're sick of clicking heroes around the battlefield. We need something different.  * Incredibly demanding games. Two of us have not-that-great computers, so we need something that's either not terribly demanding, or has a really good options menu.  * Competitive games.  Even ones with "casual" options.  If it requires us to go head to head against other players, we don't want it.  So, any thoughts? Any gems out there we missed?  ----  Edit: Added Competitive games to the "Do Not Suggest" list.
[don't starve, factorio]	So i never expected to favor top down pixel games over new next-gen games but... I've found myself loving them! I'm completely hooked.   With any game I play I usually go for open world exploration with heavy crafting elements, I definitely love this with top down pixel games and want to stick with that style. I've played through games like Crashlands, Moonlighter, currently playing Darkwood and Children of Morta. I do like open world but it doesn't have to be open world by any means, as long as there's some nice exploration and crafting elements. I'm very new to the genre so I haven't played a tonne of different games.   I'm not a big fan of side scrollers like Terraria but I may force myself to get into them because i know i'll like them once i'm used to it!  Many thanks!
[xenoblade, xenoblade, xenoblade, xenoblade, xenoblade, 10 games]	As a kid, I always liked rpg's. Games like Zelda, Final Fantasy, Secret of Mana/Evermore got me really into gaming.   Now that I'm older and the number of available RPG's have exploded, I don't have the time to try them al out for about 10 hours per game. I'd really like to hear your recommendations. I have a PS4 and Switch. Due to FOMO I like to explore the world, which sadly takes a lot of time (with often little reward) and it can really kill my enthousiasm for the game.  I have 2 must have criteria's: - No time constraints(must): I'm a slow paced and relaxed gamer, so I really hate time constraints and limitations where I have to complete mission X in a certain time (so Persona is out of the question).  - Style: I strongly dislike 2d sidescrolling, pixelised graphics (Children of Morta) and Indie-type games. And I like modern slick graphics, doesn't matter if it's anime-ish or not.  Things I'm looking for (a game doesn't have to check all boxes): - Good storyline. I liked it in Nier: Automata, God of War and Final Fantasy X. - Fast combat. It doesn't matter if it's realtime or turn based, as long as it's fast. In Final Fantasy X I could blaze through the random encounters, in Final Fantasy XIII it took too long to do the whole stagger/paradigm shift thing.  Games I liked: Nier: Automata, Horizon Zero Dawn, God of War, Breath of the Wild, Final Fantasy 10/15.   Games I didn't like: Detroit become Human (felt more like an interactive movie), Bloodborne (too time consuming, because of the quick deaths and sparse savepoints), Tales of Zestiria (hated the backtracking and story), Final Fantasy 12 and 13.  Games that look promising: Ys 8, Dragon Quest 11, Xenoblade 1 and 2.  Sorry for the long post, I actually tried to keep it short...
[heat signature, risk of rain]	**rpg**  highest rated rpg **made specifically for pc?**  * only recent within last 4 years or so, old games have bad ui / ux * no easy games, has to require thinking  this are highest rated rpgs  [https://\_/wvelKGaMq](https://  some steam tags wrong tho and nobody is flagging the wrong tags  not all games on steam  controls / ui for games made for console is incredibly hard to use or play cos the ui is so bad. example is [https://\_d5/](https://  same problem with The Legend of Heroes Trails of Cold Steel III, its unplayable cos of the controls / ui  &amp;#x200B;  **roguelites**  tried a few 'roguelites', like dungeon keeper, slay spire etc didnt get very far  any best scifi one to try? or other themes to try? might feel differently who knows, not sure if theme is problem  what can rest of ppl appreciate or like about 'roguelite'?  or whats purpose of 'roguelite'?  [https://\_games\_whats\_the\_purpose\_of\_these\_kinds\_of/](https://
[legend of heroes]	Looking for an rpg with lots of content that i wouldn't know about so i can add it to my backlog.  My requirements are the usual, good story and gameplay.  Ive played alot of mainstream rpgs, the series that i have played or currently playing  or are in my backlog are the ones below. Can you please not recomend games from these franchises as i would already know about them.  The ones ive played that i remember on hand are  * Elderscrolls series * Witcher series * Fable series * Kingdoms of Amalur * Middle earth series * Final Fantasy series * Chrono trigger * Dragon age series * South park series * Divinity original sin series * Mass effect series * Star wars knights of the old Republic series * Xenoblade series * Dragons dogma * Persona series * Zelda series * Monster Hunter series * Dragon Quest series * horizon zero dawn * diablo series * Fallout series
